{"item1": ">ITEM\u00a01.\u00a0BUSINESS\nStanley Black & Decker, Inc. (\"the Company\") was founded in 1843 by Frederick T. Stanley and incorporated in Connecticut in 1852. In March 2010, the Company completed a merger (\"the Merger\") with The Black & Decker Corporation (\u201cBlack & Decker\u201d), a company founded by S. Duncan Black and Alonzo G. Decker and incorporated in Maryland in 1910. At that time, the Company changed its name from The Stanley Works to Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. The Company\u2019s principal executive office is located at 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain, Connecticut 06053 and its telephone number is (860)\u00a0225-5111.\nThe Company is a diversified global provider of hand tools, power tools, outdoor products and related accessories, engineered fastening systems and products, services and equipment for oil & gas and infrastructure applications, and automatic doors, with 2021 consolidated annual revenues of $15.6 billion. Approximately 60% of the Company\u2019s 2021 revenues were generated in the United States, with the remainder largely from Europe (17%), emerging markets (14%) and Canada (5%).   \nThe Company continues to execute a growth and acquisition strategy that involves industry, geographic and customer diversification to foster sustainable revenue, earnings and cash flow growth. The Company remains focused on delivering above-market organic growth with margin expansion by leveraging its proven and long-standing Stanley Black & Decker Operating Model (\u201cSBD Operating Model\u201d) which has continually evolved over the past 15 years as times have changed. At the center of the SBD Operating Model is the concept of the interrelationship between people and technology, which intersect and interact with the other key elements: Performance Resiliency, Extreme Innovation, Operations Excellence and Extraordinary Customer Experience. Each of these elements co-exists synergistically with the others in a systems-based approach. The Company will leverage the SBD Operating Model to continue making strides towards achieving its vision of delivering top-quartile financial performance, becoming known as one of the world\u2019s leading innovators and elevating its commitment to social responsibility.\nThe above strategy has also resulted in approximately $13.5 billion of acquisitions since 2002 (excluding the Merger), which was enabled by strong cash flow generation and increased debt capacity. In recent years, the Company completed the acquisitions of the remaining 80 percent ownership stake of MTD Holdings Inc. (\"MTD\") for approximately $1.5 billion, Excel Industries (\"Excel\") for approximately $374 million, Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing, LLC (\"CAM\") for approximately $1.4\u00a0billion, and International Equipment Solutions Attachments Group (\"IES Attachments\") for approximately $654 million. The MTD acquisition expands the Company's presence in the $25 billion and growing outdoor category, with strong brands and growth opportunities. Excel is a strategically important bolt-on acquisition that bolsters the presence in the independent dealer network. The CAM acquisition further diversified the Company's presence in the industrial markets and expanded its portfolio of specialty fasteners in the aerospace and defense markets. The IES Attachments acquisition further diversified the Company's presence in the industrial markets, expanded its portfolio of attachment solutions and provided a meaningful platform for continued growth. \nFurthermore, in December 2021, the Company announced that it had reached a definitive agreement for the sale of most of its Security assets to Securitas AB for $3.2 billion in cash. The proposed transaction includes the Company's Convergent Security Solutions (\"CSS\") business comprising of commercial electronic security and healthcare businesses. The transaction does not include the Company's automatic doors business. The sale is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions, and is expected to close in the first half of 2022. Net proceeds from the sale are expected to be used to fund, in part, an approximately $4 billion share repurchase which is planned to be completed in 2022. The use of net proceeds towards a planned share repurchase program is consistent with the Company's long-term capital allocation strategy focused on value maximization.  \nIn May 2019, the Company sold its Sargent and Greenleaf mechanical locks business for net proceeds of $79 million. The Company has also divested several smaller businesses in recent years that did not fit into its long-term strategic objectives. These divestitures allowed the Company to invest in other areas of the Company that fit into its long-term growth strategy.\nRefer to \nNote E, Acquisitions and Investments, \nand \nNote T, Divestitures\n, of the \nNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements\n in \nItem 8\n for further discussion.\nThe Company\u2019s growth and acquisition strategy is interdependent with its social responsibility strategy focused on workforce upskilling, product innovation, and environmental preservation including mitigating the impacts of climate change. These are core business issues that ensure the long-term viability of the Company, its customers, suppliers, and communities. The Company has established environmental, social and corporate governance (\"ESG\") targets embodied in its 2030 ESG strategy that include empowering 10 million makers and creators, enhancing 500 million lives through purpose-driven product \n3\ninnovation, becoming carbon-neutral, landfill-free across its operations, and reducing water use in water stressed and scarce areas. The carbon neutrality target includes third-party approved science-based targets to reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by greater than 100% by 2030, and to reduce supply chain emissions by 35%. The Company\u2019s ESG strategy considers all life-cycle stages including material procurement from supply chain partners, product design, manufacturing, distribution and transportation, product use, product service and end-of-life. Refer to section \"Human Capital Management\" for additional information regarding the Company's commitment to upskilling its employees and improving diversity, equity and inclusion. \nDescription of the Business\nThe Company\u2019s operations are classified into two reportable business segments: Tools & Storage and Industrial. The Company has one non-reportable business operating segment, Mechanical Access Solutions (\"MAS\"). All reportable segments have significant international operations and are exposed to translational and transactional impacts from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. \nAdditional information regarding the Company\u2019s business segments and geographic areas is incorporated herein by reference to the material captioned \u201c\nBusiness Segment Results\n\u201d in \nItem\u00a07\n and \nNote\u00a0P, Business Segments and Geographic Areas\n, of the \nNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements\n in \nItem\u00a08\n.\nTools & Storage\nThe Tools & Storage segment is comprised of the Power Tools Group (\"PTG\"), Hand Tools, Accessories & Storage (\"HTAS\"), and Outdoor Power Equipment (\"Outdoor\") businesses. Annual revenues in the Tools & Storage segment were $12.8 billion in 2021, representing 82% of the Company\u2019s total revenues.\nThe PTG business includes both professional and consumer products. Professional products include professional grade corded and cordless electric power tools and equipment including drills, impact wrenches and drivers, grinders, saws, routers and sanders, as well as pneumatic tools and fasteners including nail guns, nails, staplers and staples, concrete and masonry anchors. Consumer products include corded and cordless electric power tools sold primarily under the BLACK+DECKER\u00ae brand, and home products such as hand-held vacuums, paint tools and cleaning appliances. \nThe HTAS business sells hand tools, power tool accessories and storage products. Hand tools include measuring, leveling and layout tools, planes, hammers, demolition tools, clamps, vises, knives, saws, chisels and industrial and automotive tools. Power tool accessories include drill bits, screwdriver bits, router bits, abrasives, saw blades and threading products. Storage products include tool boxes, sawhorses, medical cabinets and engineered storage solution products.\nThe Outdoor business primarily sells corded and cordless electric lawn and garden products, including hedge trimmers, string trimmers, lawn mowers, pressure washers and related accessories, and gas powered lawn and garden products, including lawn tractors, zero turn ride on mowers, walk behind mowers, snow blowers, residential robotic mowers, utility terrain vehicles (UTVs), handheld outdoor power equipment, garden tools, and parts and accessories to professionals and consumers under the DEWALT\u00ae, CUB CADET\u00ae, BLACK+DECKER\u00ae, CRAFTSMAN\u00ae, TROY-BILT\u00ae, and HUSTLER\u00ae brand names.\nThe segment sells its products to professional end users, distributors, independent dealers, retail consumers and industrial customers in a wide variety of industries and geographies. The majority of sales are distributed through retailers, including home centers, mass merchants, hardware stores, and retail lumber yards, as well as third-party distributors, independent dealers, and a direct sales force. \nIndustrial\nThe Industrial segment is comprised of the Engineered Fastening and Infrastructure businesses. Annual revenues in the Industrial segment were $2.5 billion in 2021, representing 16% of the Company\u2019s total revenues.\nThe Engineered Fastening business primarily sells highly engineered components such as fasteners, fittings and various engineered products, which are designed for specific application across multiple verticals. The product lines include externally threaded fasteners, blind rivets and tools, blind inserts and tools, drawn arc weld studs and systems, engineered plastic and mechanical fasteners, self-piercing riveting systems, precision nut running systems, micro fasteners, high-strength structural fasteners, axel swage, latches, heat shields, pins, and couplings. The business sells to customers in the automotive, manufacturing, electronics, construction, and aerospace industries, amongst others, and its products are distributed through direct sales forces and, to a lesser extent, third-party distributors.\nThe Infrastructure business consists of the Attachment Tools and Oil & Gas product lines. Attachment Tools sells hydraulic tools and high quality, performance-driven heavy equipment attachment tools for off-highway applications. Oil & Gas sells and \n4\nrents custom pipe handling, joint welding and coating equipment used in the construction of large and small diameter pipelines, and provides pipeline inspection services. The Infrastructure business sells to the oil and natural gas pipeline industry and other industrial customers. The products and services are primarily distributed through a direct sales force and, to a lesser extent, third-party distributors.\nMechanical Access Solutions \nAnnual revenues for the MAS segment were $0.3 billion in 2021, representing 2% of the Company\u2019s total revenues. The MAS business primarily sells automatic doors to commercial customers. Products are sold predominantly on a direct sales basis. \nOther Information\nCompetition\nThe Company competes on the basis of its reputation for product quality, its well-known brands, its commitment to customer service, its strong customer relationships, the breadth of its product lines, its innovative products and customer value propositions.\nThe Company encounters active competition in the Tools & Storage and Industrial segments from both larger and smaller companies that offer the same or similar products and services. Certain large customers offer private label brands (\u201chouse brands\u201d) that compete across a wide spectrum of the Company\u2019s Tools & Storage segment product offerings. \nMajor Customers\nA significant portion of the Company\u2019s Tools & Storage products are sold to home centers and mass merchants in the U.S.\u00a0and Europe. A consolidation of retailers both in North America and abroad has occurred over time. While this consolidation and the domestic and international expansion of these large retailers have provided the Company with opportunities for growth, the increasing size and importance of individual customers creates a certain degree of exposure to potential sales volume loss. Lowe's accounted for approximately 15%, 17% and 17% of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, while The Home Depot accounted for approximately 15%, 14% and 12% of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. No other customer exceeded 10% of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2021, 2020 or 2019. \nWorking Capital\nThe Company continues to practice the five operating principles encompassed by Operations Excellence, one element of the SBD Operating Model, which work in concert: sales and operations planning, operational lean, complexity reduction, global supply management, order-to-cash excellence, the application of Industry 4.0 and upskilling the Company's workforce.  The Company develops standardized business processes and system platforms to reduce costs and provide scalability. Working capital turns were 5.1 at the end of 2021, down 6.0 turns from 2020, due to inventory investments to support the sustained strong demand outlook and longer lead times related to the challenged global supply chain which has substantially increased inventory in transit. The Company plans to continue leveraging Operations Excellence to generate ongoing improvements, both in the existing business and future acquisitions, in working capital turns, cycle times, complexity reduction and customer service levels, with a long-term goal of delivering 10+ working capital turns. \nRaw Materials\nThe Company\u2019s products are manufactured using resins, ferrous and non-ferrous metals including, but not limited to, steel, zinc, copper, brass, aluminum and nickel. The Company also purchases components such as batteries, motors, engines, transmissions, and electronic components to use in manufacturing and assembly operations along with resin-based molded parts. The raw materials required are procured globally and generally available from multiple sources at competitive prices. As part of the Company's Enterprise Risk Management, the Company has implemented a supplier risk mitigation strategy in order to identify and address any potential supply disruption or material scarcity issues associated with commodities, components, finished goods and critical services. Similar to other industries, the Company is experiencing supply chain constraints in semiconductors that is limiting its ability to fully serve its customer demand, however the Company has taken steps in 2021 to add supply and the Company's supply chain outlook for these electronic components continues to improve. The Company does not anticipate difficulties in obtaining supplies for any raw materials or energy used in its production processes.\nPatents and Trademarks\nNo business segment is solely dependent, to any significant degree, on patents, licenses, franchises or concessions, and the loss of one or several of these patents, licenses, franchises or concessions would not have a material adverse effect on any of the Company's businesses. The Company owns numerous patents, none of which individually is material to the Company's \n5\noperations as a whole. These patents expire at various times over the next 20 years. The Company holds licenses, franchises and concessions, none of which individually or in the aggregate are material to the Company's operations as a whole. These licenses, franchises and concessions vary in duration, but generally run from one to 40 years. \nThe Company has numerous trademarks that are used in its businesses worldwide. In the Tools & Storage segment, significant trademarks include STANLEY\u00ae, BLACK+DECKER\u00ae, DEWALT\u00ae, FLEXVOLT\u00ae, IRWIN\u00ae, LENOX\u00ae, CRAFTSMAN\u00ae, PORTER-CABLE\u00ae, BOSTITCH\u00ae, FATMAX\u00ae, Powers\u00ae, Guaranteed Tough\u00ae, MAC TOOLS\u00ae, PROTO\u00ae, Vidmar\u00ae, FACOM\u00ae, Expert\u00ae, LISTA\u00ae, MTD\u00ae, CUB CADET\u00ae, TROY-BILT\u00ae, HUSTLER\u00ae, and the yellow & black color scheme for power tools and accessories. Significant trademarks in the Industrial segment include STANLEY\u00ae, CRC\u00ae, NELSON\u00ae, LaBounty\u00ae, Dubuis\u00ae, CribMaster\u00ae, POP\u00ae, Avdel\u00ae, Heli-Coil\u00ae, Tucker\u00ae, NPR\u00ae, Spiralock\u00ae, PALADIN\u00ae, CAM\u00ae, Bristol Industries\u00ae, Voss\u2122, Aerofit\u2122, EA Patten\u2122, Integra\u00ae, Optia\u00ae, PENGO\u00ae and STANLEY\u00ae Assembly Technologies. The MAS segment includes significant trademarks such as STANLEY\u00ae and Stanley Access Technologies\u2122. The terms of these trademarks typically vary from 10 to 20 years, with most trademarks being renewable indefinitely for like terms.\nGovernmental Regulations\nThe Company's operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, both within and outside the U.S., in areas such as environmental protection, international trade, data privacy, tax, consumer protection, government contracts, climate change and others. The Company is subject to import and export controls, tariffs, and other trade-related regulations and restrictions in the countries in which it has operations or otherwise does business. These controls, tariffs, regulations, and restrictions have had, and may continue to have, a material impact on the Company's business, including its ability to sell products and to manufacture or source components. Refer to \nItem 1A. Risk Factors \nin \nPart I\n of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding various laws and regulations that affect the Company's business operations.\nThe Company is also subject to various environmental laws and regulations in the U.S.\u00a0and foreign countries where it has operations. In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings relating to environmental issues. The Company\u2019s policy is to accrue environmental investigatory and remediation costs for identified sites when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. In the event that no amount in the range of probable loss is considered most likely, the minimum loss in the range is accrued. The amount of liability recorded is based on an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to each individual site and includes such factors as existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites. The liabilities recorded do not take into account any claims for recoveries from insurance or third parties. As assessments and remediation progress at individual sites, the amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. As of January\u00a01, 2022 and January\u00a02, 2021, the Company had reserves of $159.1 million and $174.2 million, respectively, for remediation activities associated with Company-owned properties, as well as for Superfund sites, for losses that are probable and estimable. Of the 2021 amount, $46.1 million is classified as current and $113.0 million as long-term, which is expected to be paid over the estimated remediation period. As of January\u00a01, 2022, the Company has recorded $16.1 million in other assets related to funding by the Environmental Protection Agency (\"EPA\") and monies received have been placed in trust in accordance with the Consent Decree associated with the West Coast Loading Corporation (\"WCLC\") proceedings, as further discussed in \nNote\u00a0S, Contingencies\n, of the \nNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements\n in \nItem\u00a08\n. Accordingly, the Company's net cash obligation as of January\u00a01, 2022 associated with the aforementioned remediation activities is $143.0 million. The range of environmental remediation costs that is reasonably possible is $93.7 million to $229.3 million, which is subject to change in the near term. The Company may be liable for environmental remediation of sites it no longer owns. Liabilities have been recorded on those sites in accordance with the Company's policy.\nThe amount recorded for identified contingent liabilities is based on estimates. Amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. Actual costs to be incurred in future periods may vary from the estimates, given the inherent uncertainties in evaluating certain exposures. Subject to the imprecision in estimating future contingent liability costs, the Company does not expect that any sum it may have to pay in connection with these matters in excess of the amounts recorded will have a materially adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. Additional information regarding environmental matters is available in \nNote\u00a0S, Contingencies\n, of the \nNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements\n in \nItem\u00a08\n.\nCompliance with government regulations, including environmental and climate change regulations, has not had, and based on current information and the applicable laws and regulations currently in effect, is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. However, laws and regulations may be changed, accelerated or adopted that impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company and which could negatively impact its operating results and financial condition.\n6\nHuman Capital Management\nAt Stanley Black & Decker, human capital management proliferates what the Company considers to be its Purpose (why the organization exists), Values (intrinsically important priorities), Leadership Principles (how the senior leadership thinks about problems and people), and Operating Model (the long-term plan of action and priorities). The Company is aware that the world in which it operates necessitates acceleration of how it prioritizes human capital and the enhanced focus on empathic leadership, health and well-being and the growing needs of a globally diverse workforce.  \nThe Company believes its strategic focus on its people, culture and employer brand differentiates it in this dynamic, competitive landscape. Tenets of its strategic focus include employee experience powered by the intersection of people and technology, hybrid working models, understanding how to maximize talent by leveraging people analytics, and driving leadership behaviors such as agility, inclusion, flexibility, among others in its management teams. The Company continues to focus and invest in talent and people experiences, which it believes is critical to its continued success as a 179-year-old organization. \nAs of January\u00a01, 2022, the Company had approximately 71,300 employees, inclusive of recently acquired businesses and approximately 8,000 employees included in the aforementioned pending sale of the CSS business, in over 60 countries. Approximately 37% of total employees were employed in the U.S. In addition, the Company had approximately 10,400 temporary contractors globally, primarily in operations. The workforce is comprised of approximately 69% hourly-paid employees, principally in manufacturing, distribution centers and security monitoring operations, and 31% salaried employees.  There were approximately 1,500 U.S. employees covered by collective bargaining agreements dispersed among 28 different local labor unions, and a majority of European employees are represented by Works Councils. Six U.S. collective bargaining agreements are scheduled for renegotiation in the next 12 months. The Company strives to maintain a positive relationship with all its employees, as well as the unions and works councils representing them, where applicable.\nTalent Attraction, Development, and Retention\nAttraction \nIn 2021, the Company invested in its employer of choice branding and specialty recruiting. Examples of branding investments include launching a program for new hires to notify their social media networks upon joining the Company, new app-based technology that allows colleagues to share curated news about the Company externally, and a refresh of the Company\u2019s public website. Examples of recruiting investments include dedicated resources to source diverse talent, a new recruiting client resource management platform, and organizing internal recruiting teams to better focus on highly technical roles with skills shortages such as data scientists, software engineers, and battery engineers. \nThe Company also has an emphasis on university recruiting at historically black colleges and universities and professional associations such as the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers to expand its reach to identify diverse candidates. Approximately 37% of global new hires in 2021 were female, inclusive of recently acquired businesses, versus 35% in 2020, and in the U.S. approximately 45% of new employees were racially or ethnically diverse, inclusive of recently acquired businesses, versus 47% in 2020. \nDevelopment \nTalent development is a key enabler of the SBD Operating Model where people and technology sit at the center. Performance feedback is designed to happen in real time throughout the year. Lifelong learning is supported internally through the Stanley Black & Decker University and externally with third-party partners. The Company offers over 30,000 training courses to its colleagues, and employees attended more than 25,000 hours of online voluntary learning in 2021. Additionally, the Company focuses on leadership development anchored around its Leader Principles, Values and newly introduced leader habits and behaviors that highlight the importance of attributes like empathy, inclusivity and listening. The Company invested in AI-based video technology to help its operations employees learn outside of the classroom and to increase uptake. In 2021, the Company invested in development and talent initiatives for its operations workforce through a dedicated operations-focused Workforce Readiness organization. With a focus on critical skills, up-skilling initiatives, and future career opportunities across its operations workforce, the Company is educating and developing the workforce together with advancements in manufacturing capabilities. \nRetention\nThe Company monitors organizational health through a variety of channels including employee opinion surveys, townhalls, roundtables, listening sessions, and an internal communications and social collaboration platform called Workplace. The \n7\nCompany\u2019s People Analytics team has built an interactive cloud-based organizational portal that provides leaders with over 30 metrics related to headcount, hiring, and retention to enhance insight from people data and add new dimensions of forward looking, predictive capability. \nCompensation\nCompensation and benefits are globally managed and tailored by country to maintain market competitiveness, and effectively attract, retain, and reward employees. The Company\u2019s portfolio of programs is designed in the context of its compensation philosophy underpinned by the tenets of competitive pay, pay for performance, alignment with shareholder interests, and the Company's intent to provide fair and equitable pay supporting an inclusive culture. In addition to standard compensation and benefits packages, a sizable portion of managers and select individual contributors receive annual incentives contingent on achievement of business objectives, and all employees are generally eligible for special recognition awards.  \nDiversity, Equity & Inclusion\nThe Company is committed to building and nurturing an inclusive culture of passion and belonging where employees feel valued, heard, and are positioned to succeed. As of January\u00a01, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors (the \u201cBoard\u201d) is comprised of 36% female and 9% racially or ethnically diverse directors. The Chief Executive Officer (\u201cCEO\u201d) and his direct staff are comprised of 36% female leaders versus 27% in 2020, and 36% racially or ethnically diverse leaders versus 20% in 2020. Females represent approximately 33% of the global workforce versus 31% in 2020. In the U.S., approximately 34% of employees are racially or ethnically diverse versus 33% in 2020. A copy of the Company's most recently filed Equal Employment Opportunity report to the U.S. government (EEO-1) can be found on the Company\u2019s website. \nIn early 2021, the Chief Diversity Officer (\u201cCDO\u201d) position was created and added to the CEO\u2019s direct reports. The CDO, with the support of a dedicated team of diversity, equity, and inclusion (\u201cDEI\u201d) professionals, intends to promote a broad approach to DEI with the goal of accelerating Company performance, optimizing organizational culture, enhancing transparency, and strengthening accountability. The Company is continuing to execute initiatives across the global workforce designed to foster an inclusive workplace and facilitate equitable career development opportunities. The Company provides training and guidance to employees regarding diversity, including inclusive workforce training and DEI training for new hires. An internal knowledge library of DEI resources is available on the Company intranet. Management monitors hiring, retention, promotion and continued progress toward achieving the Company's diversity goals. DEI quarterly reviews are completed by management to increase diverse representation at all levels of the organization by: 1) creating consistent visibility to employee demographic data and trends, 2) highlighting female and racially diverse talent, and 3) increasing leadership accountability for creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. Mentorship programs have been created to grow the next generation of talent at the Company by pairing employee resource groups (\u201cERGs\u201d)  leadership, women, people of color, and early career talent with the Company\u2019s leaders to encourage leadership development and mentor allyship. The Company also prioritizes investing in its communities by supporting individuals and organizations that advance DEI goals across cities and regions in which it operates.\nThe Company has nine ERGs with more than 90 local chapters across the globe, and two regional inclusion councils newly formed in 2021. Over 12,000 employees are engaged with the Company\u2019s ERGs and Inclusion Councils. These ERGs are formed around various dimensions of diversity and participation across groups is encouraged. The ERGs include Abilities (including cognitive, social-emotional, and physical abilities), African Ancestry, Asian Heritage, Hispanic/Latino, Developing Professionals, Pride & Allies (LGBTQ+), Veterans, Women, and Working Parents. Company executives and leaders actively participate, sponsor and engage with the ERGs. The CEO and more than 75% of his direct staff also serve as an executive sponsor for one or more ERGs providing executive sponsorship and support, which serve as one of the cornerstones for inclusion and engagement of talent at scale. \nThe Company launched a racial equity roadmap in 2020 with ten actions to confront racism and social injustice throughout its communities and across the world, which includes specific goals across culture, career, and community focus areas. Each of the ten items were initiated in 2021. Through the RISE (Reach. Inspire. Support. Engage.) Community program the Company provides Scholar students access to expanded experiential learning beyond their classrooms. The Company\u2019s mission is to help its RISE Scholars discover their passions, expose them to business, technology, potential STEM career opportunities, and help to develop them as leaders. \nThe Company is a signatory of Paradigm for Parity committing to addressing the gender gap in corporate leadership. The Company also participates in the Business Roundtable Diversity & Inclusion Index, where many of the largest U.S.-based employers are committed to building a more inclusive environment. The Company's CEO was among the signatories of the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion. \n8\nEmployee Wellness, Health and Safety \nThe Company is committed to providing competitive benefits to attract and retain talent, that vary by country, including benefits and programs to support the broad wellness of its employees\u2019 healthy lifestyles, mental health, and retirement readiness. The Company also supports its employees and promotes work/life balance through benefits such as paid parental leave, paid time off, flexible work arrangement and virtual/hybrid working model policies. \nIn 2021, the Company's continued commitment to ensuring the health and safety of its employees and supply chain partners was demonstrated through its agile and adaptive response to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic (\u201cCOVID-19\u201d). Under the guidance of the Chief Medical Officer, the Company was able to sustain business operations by implementing safety measures and wellness policies, oversight, and systems, including expansion of the Employee Assistance Program to be available globally. The Company maintained virtual working for its office employees around the globe where feasible, while providing the necessary technical and collaboration support to enable its employees to succeed in a virtual working environment. The Company believes its adopted hybrid work model is likely to outlast the pandemic and will be a key enabler to support the broad needs of its employee whether they perform work on-site to fully virtual. Additional information regarding the Company's response to COVID-19 is available under the caption \u201cCOVID-19 Pandemic\u201d in Item 7. \nThe Company\u2019s Environmental, Health and Safety (\u201cEHS\u201d) Management System Plan describes the core elements of health and safety responsibility and accountability, including policies and procedures, designed in alignment with global standards, the Company\u2019s Code of Business Ethics, applicable law and individual facility needs. Health and safety requirements apply to all employees and operating unit locations worldwide, including all manufacturing facilities, distribution centers, warehouses, field service centers, retail, office locations and mobile units, as well as to the Company's subsidiaries and joint ventures (in which the Company exercises decision making control over operations). Legal requirements may vary in different countries in which the Company\u2019s facilities are located. Primary measures of safety performance include Total Recordable Incident Rate (\"TRIR\") and the Lost Time Incident Rate (\"LTIR\") based upon the number of incidents per 100 employees (or per 200,000 work hours). Through December 2021, the Company reported a TRIR of 0.65, a LTIR of 0.22 and zero work-related fatalities. Reported total workforce numbers include employees and supervised contractors. \nGovernance and Oversight\nThe CEO and the management Executive Committee are entrusted with developing and advancing the Company\u2019s human capital strategy which is reviewed annually with periodic updates on progress with the Board. The Chief Human Resources Officer (\u201cCHRO\u201d), who reports directly to the CEO, is charged with the development and stewardship of this strategy on an enterprise-wide basis. This incorporates a broad range of dimensions, including culture, values, labor and employee relations, leadership expectations and capabilities, talent development, performance management and total rewards. Each year, the Company conducts an extensive talent review with its CEO where the leadership team, key talent, succession plans and new investments are reviewed. Afterwards, the CEO, CHRO, and Chief Talent Officers lead a talent review with the Compensation & Talent Development Committee of the Board and the entire membership of the Board, at least annually. In 2021, the CHRO presented a 3-year strategic plan to the Executive Committee and the Board on human capital and talent strategies. \nCode of Business Ethics, Workplace Harassment Prevention, and Managing Unconscious Bias training, among others, are provided to employees and the content is regularly reviewed and updated. All employees have access to the INTEGRITY@SBD platform where support, guidance and resources are available. Employees are encouraged to raise any concerns through multiple channels, including through the confidential Integrity Helpline, without fear of retaliation or retribution.   \nAdditional information regarding the Company's Human Capital programs and initiatives is available in the Company's Annual Sustainability Report and in the Company\u2019s Environmental, Social and Governance Report located under the Social Responsibility section of the Company\u2019s website. The information on the Company\u2019s website is not, and is not intended to be, part of this Form 10-K and is not incorporated into this report by reference.   \nResearch and Development Costs\nResearch and development costs, which are classified in Selling, general and administrative (\"SG&A\"), were $276.3 million, $200.0 million and $240.8 million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. In 2021, the Company returned to normalized spend levels as the Company continues to focus on becoming known as one of the world's greatest innovators and remains committed to generating new core and breakthrough innovations. The reduction in spending in 2020 versus 2019 was primarily due to the temporary cost actions taken in response to COVID-19.\n9\nAvailable Information\nThe Company\u2019s website is located at http://www.stanleyblackanddecker.com. This URL is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. It is not intended to be an active hyperlink to the Company's website. The information on the Company's website is not, and is not intended to be, part of this Form\u00a010-K and is not incorporated into this report by reference. The Company makes its Forms\u00a010-K, 10-Q, 8-K and amendments to each available free of charge on its website as soon as reasonably practicable after filing them with, or furnishing them to, the U.S.\u00a0Securities and Exchange Commission (\"SEC\"). \n \nITEM\u00a01A.\u00a0RISK FACTORS\nThe Company\u2019s business, operations and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those risks set forth under the heading entitled \"Cautionary Statements Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995\" in Item 7, and in other documents that the Company files with the SEC, before making any investment decision with respect to its securities. If any of the risks or uncertainties actually occur or develop, the Company\u2019s business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects could change. Under these circumstances, the trading prices of the Company\u2019s securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment in the Company\u2019s securities.\nBusiness and Operational Risks \nThe Company\u2019s business is subject to risks associated with sourcing and manufacturing. \nThe Company imports large quantities of finished goods, component parts and raw materials. Lead times for these items vary significantly and are increasing in light of global shortages of critical components, including semiconductors. Global supply chain constraints in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to decrease the Company's visibility into availability and lead times for the products and their component parts and raw materials. In addition, the Company\u2019s ability to import these items in a timely and cost-effective manner has been and may continue to be affected by conditions at ports or issues that otherwise affect transportation and warehousing providers, such as fluctuations in freight costs, port and shipping capacity, labor disputes and shortages, severe weather due to climate change or increased homeland security requirements in the U.S. and other countries. In 2021, the Company experienced significantly higher freight costs compared to freight costs incurred in 2020 and 2019. These issues have and could delay importation of products or require the Company to locate alternative ports or warehousing providers to avoid disruption to customers. These alternatives have not and in the future may not be available on short notice or have and could result in higher transit costs, which could have an adverse impact on the Company\u2019s business and financial condition.\nSubstantially all of its import operations are subject to customs requirements and to tariffs and quotas set by governments through mutual agreements, bilateral actions or, in some cases unilateral action. In addition, the countries in which the Company\u2019s products and materials are manufactured or imported from (including importation into the U.S. of the Company's products manufactured overseas) may from time to time impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions on its imports (including restrictions on manufacturing operations) or adversely modify existing restrictions. In recent years, changes in U.S. policy regarding international trade, including import and export regulation and international trade agreements, have negatively impacted the Company\u2019s business. For example, in 2018 the U.S. imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum as well as on goods imported from China and certain other countries, which resulted in retaliatory tariffs by China and other countries. Similar U.S. actions and any corresponding retaliatory efforts, could result in an increase in supply chain costs that the Company may not be able to offset or otherwise adversely impact the Company\u2019s results of operations. Imports are also subject to unpredictable foreign currency variation which may increase the Company\u2019s cost of goods sold. Adverse changes in these import costs and restrictions, or failure by the Company\u2019s suppliers to comply with customs regulations or similar laws, could harm the Company\u2019s business.\nThe Company\u2019s operations are also subject to the effects of international trade agreements and regulations such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, and the activities and regulations of the World Trade Organization. Although these trade agreements generally have positive effects on trade liberalization, sourcing flexibility and cost of goods by reducing or eliminating the duties and/or quotas assessed on products manufactured in a particular country, trade agreements can also impose requirements that adversely affect the Company\u2019s business, such as setting quotas on products that may be imported from a particular country into key markets including the U.S. or the European Union (\"EU\"), or making it easier for other \n10\ncompanies to compete, by eliminating restrictions on products from countries where the Company\u2019s competitors source products.\nIn addition, the Company has a number of key suppliers in South Korea. Escalation of hostilities with North Korea and/or military action in the region could cause disruptions in the Company's supply chain which could, in turn, cause product shortages, delays in delivery and/or increases in the Company's cost incurred to produce and deliver products to its customers.\nThe Company also relies on its suppliers to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws. The Company\u2019s ability to find qualified suppliers who meet its standards, including a majority having carbon emission reduction targets, and supply products in a timely, cost-effective and efficient manner is a significant challenge with the increasing demand from customers, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. For certain products, the Company may rely on one or very few suppliers. A supplier\u2019s failure to meet the Company\u2019s standards, provide products in a timely, cost-effective and efficient manner, or comply with applicable laws is beyond the Company\u2019s control. These issues could have a material negative impact on the Company's business and profitability. Poor quality or an insecure supply chain, may also adversely affect the reliability and reputation of the Company.\nThe effects of climate change, such as extreme weather conditions, could also place capacity constraints on the Company\u2019s supply chain. For example, steel and copper are critical to the design of the Company's products and some countries, including Chile and Australia, where steel and copper are sourced from have experienced and are expected to continue to experience severe weather due to climate change. A severe weather event in these countries could cause disruptions in the Company's supply chain which could, in turn, cause product shortages, delays in delivery and/or increases in the Company's cost incurred to produce and deliver products to its customers.\nThe continued adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and an indeterminate recovery period could have a materially negative impact on the Company\u2019s business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity, the nature and extent of which is highly uncertain.\nThe impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the Company\u2019s business, financial condition, workforce and operations and the operations of its customers, distributors, suppliers and contractors. There continues to be significant uncertainty regarding restrictions on the Company's access to its manufacturing facilities or on its support operations or workforce, or similar limitations for its distributors and suppliers. These measures have limited and could continue to limit customer demand and has and could continue to limit the Company's capacity to meet customer demand, which could have a material negative impact on its financial condition and results of operations.  \nThe COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected global economics and markets and has resulted in disruptions in commerce that will continue to evolve, including with respect to financial and other economic activities, services, travel and supply chains. Global and national health concerns could lead to further and/or increased volatility in global capital and credit markets. A sustained downturn in customer demand or other economic conditions could result in material charges related to bad debt or inventory write-offs, restructuring charges, or impairments of long-lived assets, including both tangible and intangible assets. Furthermore, a sustained downturn in financial markets and asset values could adversely affect the Company\u2019s cost of capital, liquidity and access to capital markets, in addition to potentially increasing its pension funding obligations to ensure its pension plans continue to be adequately funded.\nThe ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused the Company to modify its business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences). The Company has announced an internal vaccine protocol. The Department of Labor\u2019s Occupational Safety and Health Administration (\u201cOSHA\u201d) had issued rules requiring that employers with more than 100 employees in the U.S. have employee populations that are fully vaccinated against or tested weekly for COVID-19, however, the implementation of the OSHA rules was stayed by the Supreme Court on January 13, 2022 and the OSHA withdrew the rules on January 25, 2022. Although OSHA left open the possibility that it might try to finalize a permanent vaccine and testing rule in the future, vaccine protocols are currently state and employer-specific. It is currently not possible to predict with certainty the impact any future rules and the Company's vaccination policy will have on its workforce. Additional vaccine mandates may also be implemented in other jurisdictions in which the Company operates and the Company may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that the Company determines are in the best interests of its employees, customers, distributors, suppliers and contractors. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus, and the Company's ability to perform critical functions could be harmed and vaccine mandates could result in higher than usual employee attrition rates and adversely impact the operations of the Company if higher than usual customer demand of its products continues similar to demand levels experienced during the second half of 2020 and during 2021. Furthermore, as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020 the Company executed certain temporary and permanent cost reduction measures including adjustments to its supply chain and manufacturing labor base to match the demand environment and reductions in staffing, compensation and benefits in a manner that allows the Company to respond to changes in demand, some of which were reversed and some were made \n11\npermanent. These cost reduction measures may not prove to be successful and the Company may need to undertake further measures that could adversely impact its business and/or its ability to ramp up operations in a timely manner.\nContinued uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic have caused, and may continue to cause, disruptions in the Company's supply chain, cause delay, or limit the ability of, customers to continue to operate and perform, including in making timely payments to the Company, result in the Company's inability to meet its consumers' and customers' needs due to disruptions in manufacturing and supply arrangements caused by the loss or disruption of essential manufacturing and supply elements, and cause other unpredictable events. \nIn addition, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may also limit the Company\u2019s resources or delay the Company\u2019s ability to implement strategic initiatives. If strategic initiatives are delayed, such initiatives may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company\u2019s competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows.\nThe continued spread of COVID-19 has caused, and may continue to cause, significant reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for certain of the Company\u2019s products. As lockdowns occurred in the first and second quarters of 2020 and the work from home trend continued in 2021, those subject to lockdowns and working from home engaged in home improvement projects in large numbers, and demand for the Company\u2019s products at its retail partners increased significantly. As different geographical areas anticipate and begin moving into a recovery era, demand for the Company\u2019s products may decrease as focus shifts to activities outside the home. \nThe degree to which COVID-19 ultimately affects the Company\u2019s business, liquidity, results and operations will depend on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These uncertainties, include, but are not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak and the resurgence in cases,, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, the availability of vaccines, effectiveness against new variants of COVID-19 and achievement of sufficient vaccination levels, supply chain disruptions, competition in the labor market and how quickly and to what extent economic and operating conditions can become more predictable and certain. \nChanges in customer preferences, the inability to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with large customers, inventory reductions by customers, and the inability to penetrate new channels of distribution could adversely affect the Company\u2019s business. \nThe Company has certain significant customers, particularly home centers and major retailers. In 2021, the two largest customers comprised approximately 29% of net sales, with U.S. and international mass merchants and home centers collectively comprising approximately 46% of net sales. The loss or material reduction of business, the lack of success of sales initiatives, or changes in customer preferences or loyalties for the Company\u2019s products, related to any such significant customer could have a material adverse impact on the Company\u2019s results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the Company\u2019s major customers are volume purchasers, a few of which are much larger than the Company and have strong bargaining power with suppliers. This limits the ability to recover cost increases through higher selling prices. Furthermore, unanticipated inventory adjustments by these customers can have a negative impact on the Company's net sales.\nIn times of tough economic conditions, the Company has experienced significant distributor inventory corrections reflecting de-stocking of the supply chain associated with difficult credit markets. Such distributor de-stocking exacerbated sales volume declines pertaining to weak end user demand and the broader economic recession. The Company\u2019s results may be adversely impacted in future periods by such customer inventory adjustments. Further, the inability to continue to penetrate new channels of distribution may have a negative impact on the Company\u2019s future results.\nThe Company faces active global competition and if it does not compete effectively, its business may suffer.\nThe Company faces active competition and resulting pricing pressures. The Company\u2019s products compete on the basis of, among other things, its reputation for product quality, its well-known brands, price, innovation and customer service capabilities. The Company competes with both larger and smaller companies that offer the same or similar products and services or that produce different products appropriate for the same uses. These companies are often located in countries such as China, Taiwan and India where labor and other production costs are substantially lower than in the U.S., Canada and Western Europe. Also, certain large customers offer house brands that compete with some of the Company\u2019s product offerings as a lower-cost alternative. To remain profitable and defend market share, the Company must maintain a competitive cost structure, develop new products and services, lead product innovation, respond to competitor innovations and enhance its existing products in a timely manner. The Company may not be able to compete effectively on all of these fronts and with all of its competitors, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profit margins.\n12\nOperations Excellence, one element of the SBD Operating Model, is a continuous operational improvement process applied to many aspects of the Company\u2019s business such as procurement, quality in manufacturing, maximizing customer fill rates, integrating acquisitions and other key business processes. In the event the Company is not successful in effectively applying the Operations Excellence principles to its key business processes, including those of acquired businesses, its ability to compete and future earnings could be adversely affected.\nIn addition, the Company may have to reduce prices on its products and services, or make other concessions, to stay competitive and retain market share. Price reductions taken by the Company in response to customer and competitive pressures, as well as price reductions and promotional actions taken to drive demand that may not result in anticipated sales levels, could also negatively impact its business. The Company engages in restructuring actions, sometimes entailing shifts of production to low-cost countries, as part of its efforts to maintain a competitive cost structure. If the Company does not execute restructuring actions well, its ability to meet customer demand may decline, or earnings may otherwise be adversely impacted. Similarly, if such efforts to reform the cost structure are delayed relative to competitors or other market factors, the Company may lose market share and profits.\nCustomer consolidation could have a material adverse effect on the Company\u2019s business.\nA significant portion of the Company\u2019s products are sold through home centers and mass merchant distribution channels in the U.S. and Europe. A consolidation of retailers in both North America and abroad has occurred over time and the increasing size and importance of individual customers creates risk of exposure to potential volume loss. The loss of certain larger home centers as customers would have a material adverse effect on the Company\u2019s business. \nLow demand for new products and the inability to develop and introduce new products at favorable margins could adversely impact the Company\u2019s performance and prospects for future growth.\nThe Company\u2019s competitive advantage is due in part to its ability to develop and introduce new products in a timely manner at favorable margins. The uncertainties associated with developing and introducing new products, such as market demand, the unavailability of raw materials necessary for production of the Company's products and costs of development and production, may impede the successful development and introduction of new products on a consistent basis. Introduction of new technology may result in higher costs to the Company than that of the technology replaced. That increase in costs, which may continue indefinitely or until increased demand and greater availability in the sources of the new technology drive down its cost, could adversely affect the Company\u2019s results of operations. Market acceptance of the new products introduced in recent years and scheduled for introduction in future years may not meet sales expectations due to various factors, such as the failure to accurately predict market demand, end-user preferences, evolving industry standards, or the emergence of new or disruptive technologies. Moreover, the ultimate success and profitability of the new products may depend on the Company\u2019s ability to resolve technical and technological challenges in a timely and cost-effective manner, and to achieve manufacturing efficiencies. The Company\u2019s investments in productive capacity and commitments to fund advertising and product promotions in connection with these new products could erode profits if those expectations are not met.\nThe pace of technological change continues to accelerate and the Company's ability to react effectively to such change may present significant competitive risks.\nThe pace of technological change is increasing at an exponential rate. The continued creation, development and advancement of new technologies such as 5G data networks, artificial intelligence, blockchain, quantum computing, data analytics, 3-D printing, robotics, sensor technology, data storage, neural networks, augmented reality, amongst others, as well as other technologies in the future that are not foreseen today, continue to transform the Company\u2019s processes, products and services.\nIn order to remain competitive, the Company will need to stay abreast of such technologies, require its employees to continue to learn and adapt to new technologies and be able to integrate them into its current and future business models, products, services and processes and also guard against existing and new competitors disrupting its business using such technologies. The Company\u2019s strategy, value creation model, operating model and innovation ecosystem have important technological elements and many of the Company\u2019s products and offerings are based on technological advances, including artificial intelligence, machine learning, advanced analytics and the Internet of Things. In addition, the Company will need to compete for talent in a competitive market that is familiar with such technologies including upskilling its workforce. Higher than expected employee attrition rates may also result in difficulties to recruit and obtain talent needed to compete effectively. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to compete effectively with its industry peers due to technological changes, which could result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business and results of operations.\nThe Company has significant operations outside of the United States, which are subject to political, legal, economic and other risks arising from operating outside of the United States.\n13\nThe Company generates a significant portion of its total revenue outside of the United States. Business operations outside of the United States are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating in certain countries, such as:\n\u2022\nthe difficulty of enforcing agreements and protecting assets through legal systems outside the U.S. including intellectual property rights, which may not be recognized, and which the Company may not be able to protect outside the U.S. to the same extent as under U.S. law;\n\u2022\nmanaging widespread operations and enforcing internal policies and procedures such as compliance with U.S. and foreign anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and sanctions regulations;\n\u2022\ntrade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements including those related to the U.S.'s relationship with China;\n\u2022\nthe application of certain labor regulations outside of the United States;\n\u2022\ncompliance with a wide variety of non-U.S. laws and regulations;\n\u2022\nongoing stability or changes in the general political and economic conditions in the countries where the Company operates, particularly in emerging markets;\n\u2022\nthe threat of nationalization and expropriation;\n\u2022\nincreased costs and risks of doing business and managing a workforce in a wide variety of jurisdictions;\n\u2022\nthe increased possibility of cyber threats in certain jurisdictions;\n\u2022\ngovernment controls limiting importation of goods;\n\u2022\ngovernment controls limiting payments to suppliers for imported goods;\n\u2022\nlimitations on, or impacts from, the repatriation of foreign earnings; and \n\u2022\nexposure to wage, price and capital controls.\nChanges in the political or economic environments in the countries in which the Company operates could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, the Company is subject to complex U.S., foreign and other local laws and regulations that are applicable to its operations abroad, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act of 2010 and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. Although the Company has implemented internal controls, policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs to deter prohibited practices, such measures may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies and violating applicable laws and regulations. Any determination that the Company has violated anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws or sanctions regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company\u2019s business, operating results and financial condition. Compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to the Company\u2019s international operations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Violations of such laws and regulations may result in severe fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, administrative remedies or restrictions on business conduct, and could have a material adverse effect on the Company\u2019s reputation, its ability to attract and retain employees, its business, operating results and financial condition. \nThe Company\u2019s success depends on its ability to improve productivity and streamline operations to control or reduce costs.\nThe Company is committed to continuous productivity improvement and evaluating opportunities to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and eliminate excess capacity. The Company has undertaken restructuring actions, the savings of which may be mitigated by many factors, including economic weakness, inflation, competitive pressures, higher labor costs and decisions to increase costs in areas such as sales promotion or research and development above levels that were otherwise assumed. Failure to achieve, or delays in achieving, projected levels of efficiencies and cost savings from such measures, or unanticipated inefficiencies resulting from manufacturing and administrative reorganization actions in progress or contemplated, would adversely affect the Company\u2019s business and financial results. \nThe performance of the Company may suffer from business disruptions with catastrophic losses affecting distribution centers and other infrastructure, or other costs associated with information technology, system implementations, or cyber security risks.\n \nThe Company relies heavily on digital technology, including from third parties, to manage and operate its businesses and record and process transactions. Digital technology plays a crucial role in effectively operating the Company\u2019s physical operations, notably manufacturing sites, distribution centers, security alarm monitoring facilities, offices and processing centers, which are distributed in various geographic locations. Factors that are hard to predict or are beyond the Company\u2019s control, like weather (including any potential effects of climate change), natural disasters, supply and commodity shortages, fire, explosions, acts or threats of war or terrorism, political unrest, cybersecurity breaches, sabotage, generalized labor unrest or public health crises, including pandemics, could damage or disrupt the Company\u2019s digital technology infrastructure, or that of its suppliers or distributors. If the Company does not effectively plan for or respond to disruptions in its operations, or cannot quickly repair \n14\ndamage to its systems, the Company may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products and services to its customers, and the quality and safety of its products and services might be negatively affected. If a material or extended disruption occurs, the Company may lose its customers\u2019 or business partners\u2019 confidence or suffer damage to its reputation, and long-term consumer demand for its products and services could decline. Although the Company maintains business interruption insurance, it may not fully protect the Company against all adverse effects that could result from significant disruptions. These events could materially and adversely affect the Company\u2019s product sales, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation.\nIn addition, the Company is in the process of system integrations, conversions, and capability additions such as eCommerce, Artificial Intelligence and Data Analytics to drive enhanced business outcomes. There can be no assurances that expected expense or revenue synergies will be achieved or that there will not be delays to the expected timing of system integrations, conversions or capability additions. It is possible the costs to complete the system integrations, conversions or capability additions may exceed expectations, and that significant costs may be incurred that will require immediate expense recognition as opposed to capitalization. The risk of disruption to key operations and overall business is increased when complex system changes, such as integrations, conversions or capability additions are undertaken. If systems fail to function effectively, or become damaged, operational delays may ensue and the Company may be forced to make significant expenditures to remedy such issues. Any significant disruption in the Company\u2019s digital technology could have a material adverse impact on its business and results.\nDespite efforts to prevent such situations and maintaining insurance policies and loss control and risk management practices that partially mitigate these risks, the Company\u2019s digital technologies may be affected by damage or interruption from, among other causes, power outages, system failures or cyber attacks. \nIndustry and Economic Risks\nThe Company\u2019s results of operations could be negatively impacted by inflationary or deflationary economic conditions which could affect the ability to obtain raw materials, component parts, freight, energy, labor and sourced finished goods in a timely and cost-effective manner, as well as lead to changes in interest rate environments which impact its cost of funds, the general strength of the economy and demand for its products in the market.\nThe Company\u2019s products are manufactured using both ferrous and non-ferrous metals including, but not limited to, steel, zinc, copper, brass, aluminum, and nickel. Additionally, the Company uses other commodity-based materials for components and packaging including, but not limited to, plastics, resins, wood and corrugated products. The Company\u2019s cost base also reflects significant elements for freight, energy and labor. The Company also sources certain finished goods directly from vendors. If the Company is unable to mitigate inflationary increases through various customer pricing actions and cost reduction initiatives, its profitability may be adversely affected.\nConversely, in the event there is deflation, the Company may experience pressure from its customers to reduce prices, and there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to reduce its cost base (through negotiations with suppliers or other measures) to offset any such price concessions which could adversely impact results of operations and cash flows.\nFurther, as a result of inflationary or deflationary economic conditions, the Company believes it is possible that a limited number of suppliers may either cease operations or require additional financial assistance from the Company in order to fulfill their obligations. In a limited number of circumstances, the magnitude of the Company\u2019s purchases of certain items is of such significance that a change in established relationships with suppliers or increase in the costs of purchased raw materials, component parts or finished goods could result in manufacturing interruptions, delays, inefficiencies or an inability to market products. Changes in value-added tax rebates, currently available to the Company or to its suppliers, could also increase the costs of the Company\u2019s manufactured products, as well as purchased products and components, and could adversely affect the Company\u2019s results.\nIn addition, many of the Company\u2019s products incorporate battery technology. As the world moves towards a lower-carbon economy and as other industries begin to adopt similar battery technology for use in their products or increase their current consumption of battery technology, the increased demand could place capacity constraints on the Company\u2019s supply chain. In addition, increased demand for battery technology may also increase the costs to the Company for both the battery cells as well as the underlying raw materials such as cobalt and lithium, among others. If the Company is unable to mitigate any possible supply constraints, related increased costs or drive alternative technology through innovation, its profitably and financial results could be negatively impacted.\nUncertainty about the financial stability of economies outside the U.S. could have a significant adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition. \n15\nThe Company generates approximately 40% of its revenues outside the U.S., including 17% from Europe and 14% from various emerging market countries. Each of the Company\u2019s segments generates sales in these marketplaces. While the Company believes any downturn in the European or emerging marketplaces might be offset to some degree by the relative stability in North America, the Company\u2019s future growth, profitability and financial liquidity could be affected, in several ways, including but not limited to the following:\n\u2022\ndepressed consumer and business confidence may decrease demand for products and services;\n\u2022\ncustomers may implement cost reduction initiatives or delay purchases to address inventory levels;\n\u2022\nsignificant declines of foreign currency values in countries where the Company operates could impact both the revenue growth and overall profitability in those geographies;\n\u2022\na slowing or contracting Chinese economy could reduce China\u2019s consumption and negatively impact the Company\u2019s sales in that region, as well as globally;\n\u2022\na devaluation of foreign currencies could have an effect on the credit worthiness (as well as the availability of funds) of customers in those regions impacting the collectability of receivables;\n\u2022\na devaluation of foreign currencies could have an adverse effect on the value of financial assets of the Company in the effected countries; and\n\u2022\nthe impact of an event (individual country default, Brexit, or break up of the Euro) could have an adverse impact on the global credit markets and global liquidity potentially impacting the Company\u2019s ability to access these credit markets and to raise capital. \nThe Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could negatively impact profitability. \nThe Company manufactures and sells its products in many countries throughout the world. As a result, there is exposure to foreign currency risk as the Company enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies. The Company\u2019s predominant currency exposures are related to the Euro, Canadian Dollar, British Pound, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real, Argentine Peso, Chinese Renminbi (\u201cRMB\u201d) and the Taiwan Dollar. In preparing its financial statements, for foreign operations with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar, asset and liability accounts are translated at current exchange rates, while income and expenses are translated using average exchange rates. With respect to the effects on translated earnings, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to local currencies, the Company\u2019s earnings could be negatively impacted. Although the Company utilizes risk management tools, including hedging, as it deems appropriate, to mitigate a portion of potential market fluctuations in foreign currencies, there can be no assurance that such measures will result in all market fluctuation exposure being eliminated. The Company generally does not hedge the translation of its non-U.S. dollar earnings in foreign subsidiaries but may choose to do so in certain instances.\nThe Company sources many products from China and other low-cost countries for resale in other regions. To the extent the RMB or other currencies appreciate, the Company may experience cost increases on such purchases. The Company may not be successful at implementing customer pricing or other actions in an effort to mitigate the related cost increases and thus its profitability may be adversely impacted.\nFinancing Risks\nThe Company has incurred, and may incur in the future, significant indebtedness, and may in the future issue additional equity securities, including in connection with mergers or acquisitions, which may impact the manner in which it conducts business or the Company\u2019s access to external sources of liquidity. The potential issuance of such securities may limit the Company\u2019s ability to implement elements of its growth strategy and may have a dilutive effect on earnings. \nAs described in\n Note H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements\n, of the \nNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements\n in \nItem 8\n, the Company has a five-year $2.5\u00a0billion committed credit facility and $2.0\u00a0billion 364-day committed credit facilities. No amounts were outstanding against either of these facilities on January\u00a01, 2022. As of January\u00a01, 2022, the Company had $4.4 billion principal amount of indebtedness.  \nThe instruments and agreements governing certain of the Company\u2019s current indebtedness contain requirements or restrictive covenants that include, among other things:\n\u2022\na limitation on creating liens on certain property of the Company and its subsidiaries;\n\u2022\na restriction on entering into certain sale-leaseback transactions;\n\u2022\ncustomary events of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Company might be required to repay all amounts outstanding under the respective instrument or agreement; and\n16\n\u2022\nmaintenance of a specified financial ratio. The Company has an interest coverage covenant that must be maintained to permit continued access to its committed revolving credit facilities. The interest coverage ratio tested for covenant compliance compares adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization to adjusted Interest Expense (\"adjusted EBITDA\"/\"adjusted Interest Expense\"); such adjustments to interest or EBITDA include, but are not limited to, removal of non-cash interest expense and stock-based compensation expense. The interest coverage ratio must not be less than 2.5 times through December 31, 2021 and not less than 3.5 times thereafter and is computed quarterly, on a rolling twelve months (last twelve months) basis. Under this covenant definition, the interest coverage ratio was 14.9 times EBITDA or higher in each of the 2021 quarterly measurement periods. Management does not believe it is reasonably likely the Company will breach this covenant. Failure to maintain this ratio could adversely affect further access to liquidity.\nFuture instruments and agreements governing indebtedness may impose other restrictive conditions or covenants. Such covenants could restrict the Company in the manner in which it conducts business and operations as well as in the pursuit of its growth and acquisition strategy.\nThe Company is exposed to counterparty risk in its hedging arrangements.\nFrom time to time, the Company enters into arrangements with financial institutions to hedge exposure to fluctuations in currency and interest rates, including forward contracts, options and swap agreements. The Company may incur significant losses from hedging activities due to factors such as demand volatility. The failure of one or more counterparties to the Company\u2019s hedging arrangements to fulfill their obligations could adversely affect the Company\u2019s results of operations.\nTight capital and credit markets or the failure to maintain credit ratings could adversely affect the Company by limiting the Company\u2019s ability to borrow or otherwise access liquidity. \nThe Company\u2019s long-term growth plans are dependent on, among other things, the availability of funding to support corporate initiatives and complete appropriate acquisitions and the ability to increase sales of existing product lines. While the Company has not encountered financing difficulties to date, the capital and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption in the past and may again in the future. Market conditions could make it more difficult for the Company to borrow or otherwise obtain the cash required for significant new corporate initiatives and acquisitions. \nFurthermore, there could be a number of follow-on effects from a credit crisis on the Company\u2019s businesses, including insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays; inability of customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of the Company\u2019s products and services and/or customer insolvencies.\nIn addition, the major rating agencies regularly evaluate the Company for purposes of assigning credit ratings. The Company\u2019s ability to access the credit markets, and the cost of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of its credit ratings and current market conditions. Failure to maintain credit ratings that are acceptable to investors may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which the Company is able to obtain financing, as well as its access to the capital markets.\nDiscontinuation, reform or replacement of the London Inter-bank Offered Rate (\"LIBOR\") and other benchmark rates, or uncertainty related to the potential for any of the foregoing, may adversely affect the Company. \nA portion of the Company\u2019s indebtedness bears interest at rates that fluctuate with changes in certain short-term prevailing interest rates, including the LIBOR. In March 2021, UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after December 31, 2021. Banks currently reporting information used to set U.S. dollar LIBOR are presently expected to stop doing so during 2023. In addition, other regulators have suggested reforming or replacing other benchmark rates. These may be replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate or other benchmark rates over the next several years. The discontinuation, reform or replacement of LIBOR or any other benchmark rates may have an unpredictable impact on contractual mechanics in the credit markets or cause disruption to the broader financial markets. These changes, and related uncertainty as to the nature of such potential discontinuation, reform or replacement may create incremental uncertainty in obtaining financing or increase the cost of borrowing. At this time, the Company cannot predict the overall effect of the modification or discontinuation of LIBOR or the establishment of alternative benchmark rates.\nThe Company is exposed to credit risk on its accounts receivable. \nThe Company\u2019s outstanding trade receivables are not generally covered by collateral or credit insurance. While the Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and non-trade receivables, there can be no assurance \n17\nsuch procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses, which could have an adverse effect on the Company\u2019s financial condition and operating results.\nIf the Company were required to write-down all or part of its goodwill, indefinite-lived trade names, or other definite-lived intangible assets, its net income and net worth could be materially adversely affected. \nAs a result of the Black and Decker merger and other acquisitions, the Company has approximately $8.8 billion of goodwill, approximately $2.5 billion of indefinite-lived trade names and approximately $2.2 billion of net definite-lived intangible assets on January\u00a01, 2022. The Company is required to periodically, at least annually, determine if its goodwill or indefinite-lived trade names have become impaired, in which case it would write down the impaired portion of the asset. The definite-lived intangible assets, including customer relationships, are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are evaluated for impairment when appropriate. Impairment of intangible assets may be triggered by developments outside of the Company\u2019s control, such as worsening economic conditions, technological change, intensified competition or other factors, which could have an adverse effect on the Company\u2019s financial condition and results of operations.\nIf the investments in employee benefit plans do not perform as expected, the Company may have to contribute additional amounts to these plans, which would otherwise be available to cover operating expenses or other business purposes. \nThe Company sponsors pension and other post-retirement defined benefit plans. The Company\u2019s defined benefit plan assets are currently invested in equity securities, government and corporate bonds and other fixed income securities, money market instruments and insurance contracts. The Company\u2019s funding policy is generally to contribute amounts determined annually on an actuarial basis to provide for current and future benefits in accordance with applicable law which require, among other things, that the Company make cash contributions to under-funded pension plans. During 2021, the Company made cash contributions to its defined benefit plans of approximatel\ny $40 million a\nnd expects to contribu\nte $41 million t\no its defined benefit plans i\nn 2022.\nThere can be no assurance that the value of the defined benefit plan assets, or the investment returns on those plan assets, will be sufficient in the future. It is therefore possible that the Company may be required to make higher cash contributions to the plans in future years which would reduce the cash available for other business purposes, and that the Company will have to recognize a significant pension liability adjustment which would decrease the net assets of the Company and result in higher expense in future years. The fair value of the defined benefit plan assets on January\u00a01, 2022 was approximate\nly $2.6 billion.\nStrategic Risks\nThe successful execution of the Company\u2019s business strategy depends on its ability to recruit, retain, train, motivate, and develop employees and execute effective succession planning. \nThe success of the Company\u2019s efforts to grow its business depends on the contributions and abilities of key executives and management personnel, its sales force and other personnel, including the ability of its sales force to adapt to any changes made in the sales organization and achieve adequate customer coverage. The Company must therefore continue to recruit, retain, train and motivate management, sales and other personnel sufficiently to maintain its current business and support its projected growth. In addition, the Company must invest heavily in reskilling and upskilling its employees, including placing an emphasis on lifelong learning. Additionally, any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees could have a negative effect on the Company\u2019s results of operations. \nA shortage of key employees might jeopardize the Company\u2019s ability to implement its growth strategy, and changes in the key management team can result in loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, departure of other key employees, disruptions to the Company\u2019s operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. The Company\u2019s reputation, business, revenue and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if it is unable to recruit, retain, train, motivate, and develop employees and successfully execute organizational change and management transitions at leadership levels. \nThe Company\u2019s acquisitions, exiting of businesses, divestitures, strategic investments and alliances and joint ventures, as well as general business reorganizations, may result in financial results that are different than expected and certain risks for its business and operations. \nAs part of the Company's strategy, it may acquire businesses or assets, divest businesses or assets, enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures, and make investments to further its business (collectively, \u201cbusiness combination and investment transactions\u201d), and also handle any post-closing issues, such as integration. For example, in 2021, the Company completed the MTD Holdings Inc. (\"MTD\") and Excel Industries (\"Excel\") acquisitions, as well as smaller acquisitions, and may make \n18\nadditional acquisitions in the future. In December 2021, the Company announced it entered into an agreement to divest its commercial electronic security and healthcare businesses, which it expects to complete in the first half of 202\n2, pending regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.\nRisks associated with business combination and investment transactions include the following, any of which could adversely\naffect the Company's financial results, including its effective tax rate:\n\u2022\nthe failure to identify the most suitable candidates for acquisitions;\n\u2022\ndifficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, or the Company may dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than the Company had anticipated for a divestiture; \n\u2022\nthe ability to conduct due diligence with respect to business combination and investment transactions, and the ability to evaluate the results of such due diligence, which is dependent on the veracity and completeness of statements and\ndisclosures made or actions taken by third parties or their representatives and the failure to identify significant issues\nwith the target company\u2019s product quality, financial disclosures, accounting practices or internal control deficiencies or\nthe factors necessary to estimate reasonably accurate costs, timing and other matters;\n\u2022\nfor an acquisition or other combination, the acquired business may have differing or inadequate cybersecurity and\ndata protection controls, which could impact its exposure to data security incidents and potentially increase\nanticipated costs or time to integrate the business;\n\u2022\nthe difficulties and cost in obtaining any necessary regulatory approvals;\n\u2022\nthe ability to identify and close on appropriate acquisition opportunities within desired time frames at reasonable cost;\n\u2022\nthe anticipated additional revenues from the acquired companies do not materialize, despite extensive due diligence; \n\u2022\nthe acquired businesses will lose market acceptance or profitability; \n\u2022\nthe impact of divestitures on the Company's revenue growth may be larger than projected, as the Company may experience greater dis-synergies than expected;\n\u2022\nthe diversion of Company management\u2019s attention and other resources; \n\u2022\nincurring significant restructuring charges and amortization expense, assuming liabilities and ongoing or new lawsuits related to the transaction or otherwise, potential impairment of acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, and increasing the Company's expenses and working capital requirements;\n\u2022\nthe incurrence of unexpected costs and liabilities, including those associated with undisclosed pre-closing regulatory violations by the acquired business; \n\u2022\nfor a divestiture, if the Company does not satisfy pre-closing conditions and necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, it may prevent the Company from completing the transaction; \n\u2022\ncontinued financial involvement in a divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, guarantees, indemnities or other financial obligations; and \n\u2022\nthe loss of key personnel, distributors, clients or customers of acquired companies.\nIn addition, the success of the Company\u2019s long-term growth and acquisition strategy will depend in part on successful general reorganization including its ability to:\n\u2022\ncombine businesses, product or service offerings and operations or fully realize all of the anticipated benefits of any particular business combination and investment transaction;    \n\u2022\nintegrate departments, systems and procedures; and\n\u2022\nobtain cost savings and other efficiencies from such reorganizations, including the Company's margin resiliency initiative.\nIn addition, the current and the proposed changes to the U.S. and foreign regulatory approval process and requirements in connection with an acquisition may cause approvals to take longer than anticipated to obtain, not be forthcoming or contain burdensome conditions, which may jeopardize, delay or reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction to the Company and could impede the execution of the Company's business strategy. Failure to effectively integrate acquired companies, strategic investments and alliances, consummate or manage any future acquisitions, exit businesses or consummate divestitures, or general business reorganizations, and mitigate the related risks, may adversely affect the Company\u2019s existing businesses and harm its operational results due to large write-offs, significant restructuring costs, contingent liabilities, substantial depreciation, and/or adverse tax or other consequences. The Company cannot ensure that such integrations and reorganizations will be successfully completed or that all of the planned synergies and other benefits will be realized. \nExpansion of the Company\u2019s activity in emerging markets may result in risks due to differences in business practices and cultures.\nThe Company\u2019s growth plans include efforts to increase revenue from emerging markets through both organic growth and acquisitions. Local business practices in these regions may not comply with U.S. laws, local laws or other laws applicable to the Company. When investigating potential acquisitions, the Company seeks to identify historical practices of target companies that \n19\nwould create liability or other exposures for the Company were they to continue post-completion or as a successor to the target. Where such practices are discovered, the Company assesses the risk to determine whether it is prepared to proceed with the transaction. In assessing the risk, the Company looks at, among other factors, the nature of the violation, the potential liability, including any fines or penalties that might be incurred, the ability to avoid, minimize or obtain indemnity for the risks, and the likelihood that the Company would be able to ensure that any such practices are discontinued following completion of the acquisition through implementation of its own policies and procedures. Due diligence and risk assessment are, however, imperfect processes, and it is possible that the Company will not discover problematic practices until after completion, or that the Company will underestimate the risks associated with historical activities. Should that occur, the Company may incur fees, fines, penalties, injury to its reputation or other damage that could negatively impact the Company's earnings.\nLegal, Tax, Regulatory and Compliance Risks \nThe Company\u2019s brands are important assets of its businesses and violation of its trademark rights by imitators, or the failure of its licensees or vendors to comply with the Company\u2019s product quality, manufacturing requirements, marketing standards, and other requirements could negatively impact revenues and brand reputation. Any inability to protect the Company's other intellectual property rights could also reduce the value of its products and services or diminish its competitiveness. \nThe Company considers its intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, and licenses held, to be a significant part and valuable aspect of its business. The Company attempts to protect its intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements.\nThe Company\u2019s trademarks have a reputation for quality and value and are important to the Company's success and competitive position. Unauthorized use of the Company\u2019s trademark rights may not only erode sales of the Company\u2019s products, but may also cause significant damage to its brand name and reputation, interfere with its ability to effectively represent the Company to its customers, contractors, suppliers, and/or licensees, and increase litigation costs. Similarly, failure by licensees or vendors to adhere to the Company\u2019s standards of quality and other contractual requirements could result in loss of revenue, increased litigation, and/or damage to the Company\u2019s reputation and business. There can be no assurance that the Company\u2019s ongoing efforts to protect its brand and trademark rights and ensure compliance with its licensing and vendor agreements will prevent all violations.\nIn addition, the Company's ability to compete could be negatively impacted by its failure to obtain and adequately protect its intellectual property and preserve its associated intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and licenses, as well as its products and any new features of its products or processes. The Company's patent applications may not be approved and any patents owned could be challenged, invalidated or designed around by third parties. In addition, the Company's patents may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide meaningful protection or commercial advantage.\nThe Company is exposed to risks related to cybersecurity.\n \nThe Company\u2019s operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of information relating to its business operations, as well as confidential and sensitive information about its customers and employees maintained in the Company\u2019s computer systems and networks, certain products and services, and in the computer systems and networks of its third-party vendors. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving as data thieves and hackers have become increasingly sophisticated and carry out direct large-scale, complex attacks against a company or through vendor software supply chain compromises. In particular, the Company is increasingly relying on its digital technology to support its operations as it manages the impact of COVID-19, including supporting remote-work protocols for a substantial number of the Company\u2019s employees in regions impacted by the spread of COVID-19 and future, ongoing hybrid-work protocols, which can increase cyber risks. The Company is not able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any resulting material security breach or data loss. In addition, it is not always possible to deter misconduct by employees or third-party vendors.\nBreaches of the Company\u2019s technology systems, or those of the Company\u2019s vendors, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, \u201cphishing\u201d attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, vendor software supply chain compromises, physical breaches or other actions, have and may result in manipulation or corruption of sensitive data, material interruptions or malfunctions in the Company\u2019s or such vendors\u2019 websites, applications, data processing, and certain products and services, or disruption of other business operations. Furthermore, any such breaches could compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information held by the Company (including information about the Company\u2019s business, employees or customers), as \n20\nwell as sensitive personally identifiable information, the disclosure of which could lead to identity theft. Breaches of the Company\u2019s products that rely on technology and internet connectivity can expose the Company to product and other liability risk and reputational harm. Measures that the Company takes to avoid, detect, mitigate or recover from material incidents, including implementing and conducting training on insider trading policies for the Company\u2019s employees and maintaining contractual obligations for the Company\u2019s third-party vendors, can be expensive, and may be insufficient, circumvented, or may become ineffective.\nThe Company has invested and continues to invest in risk management and information security and data privacy measures in order to protect its systems and data, including employee training, organizational investments, incident response plans, table top exercises and technical defenses. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated global cyber threats. Despite the Company\u2019s best efforts, it is not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. Recent well-publicized security breaches at other companies have led to enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cyber-attacks, and may in the future result in heightened cybersecurity requirements, including additional regulatory expectations for oversight of vendors and service providers. Any material breaches of cybersecurity, including the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data, or media reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to the Company\u2019s systems, products and services or those of the Company\u2019s third parties could cause the Company to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, fines, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard the Company\u2019s customers\u2019 information, or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by the Company. The report, rumor or assumption regarding a potential breach may have similar results, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on the Company\u2019s business, operating results and financial condition.\nThe Company is exposed to risks related to compliance with data privacy laws.\n \n \nTo conduct its operations, the Company regularly moves data across national borders, and consequently is subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the United States and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. The scope of the laws that may be applicable to the Company is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. For example, the European Union\u2019s General Data Protection Regulation (\u201cGDPR\u201d), which became effective in May 2018, greatly increased the jurisdictional reach of European Union law and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches. Similarly, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (\u201cCCPA\u201d), which became effective in January 2020, provided, among other things, a new private right of action for data breaches, required companies that process information on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, and provided consumers with additional rights. The California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, which will become effective on January 1, 2023, amends and expands the CCPA, creating new industry requirements, consumer privacy rights and enforcement mechanisms. Virginia and Colorado have also passed robust privacy laws that will come into effect on January 1 and July 1, 2023, respectively. The Company's reputation and brand and its ability to attract new customers could also be adversely impacted if the Company fails, or is perceived to have failed, to properly respond to security breaches of its or third party\u2019s information technology systems. Such failure to properly respond could also result in similar exposure to liability. \nAdditionally, other countries have enacted or are enacting data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. In many cases, these laws and regulations apply not only to transfers between unrelated third parties but also to transfers between the Company and its subsidiaries. \nAll of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. Privacy laws that may be implemented in the future, and court decisions impacting activities across borders, including the Schrems II decision invalidating the EU - U.S. Privacy Shield, will continue to require changes to certain business practices, thereby increasing costs, or may result in negative publicity, require significant management time and attention, and may subject the Company to remedies that may harm its business, including fines or demands or orders that the Company modify or cease existing business practices.\nSignificant judgment and certain estimates are required in determining the Company\u2019s worldwide provision for income taxes. Future tax law changes and audit results may materially increase the Company\u2019s prospective income tax expense. \nThe Company is subject to income taxation in the U.S. as well as numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the Company\u2019s worldwide income tax provision and accordingly there are many transactions and computations for which the final income tax determination is uncertain. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments, and which may not accurately \n21\nanticipate actual outcomes. The Company periodically assesses its liabilities and contingencies for all tax years still subject to audit based on the most currently available information, which involves inherent uncertainty. The Company is routinely audited by income tax authorities in many tax jurisdictions. Although management believes the recorded tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate outcome of any audit (or related litigation) could differ materially from amounts reflected in the Company\u2019s income tax accruals. Additionally, the global income tax provision can be materially impacted due to foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar since a significant amount of the Company\u2019s earnings are generated outside the United States. Lastly, it is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a material impact on the Company\u2019s worldwide income tax provision, cash tax liability, and effective tax rate beginning with the period that such legislation becomes enacted.\nClimate change and climate change legislation or regulations may adversely affect the Company's business. \nThe effects of climate change, such as severe weather, including droughts and water scarcity, could impact the Company\u2019s business. The effects of climate change could also disrupt the Company\u2019s operations by impacting the availability and costs of materials needed for manufacturing and could increase insurance and other operating costs. There may be operational risk due to the significant impact climate change could pose to employees\u2019 lives, the Company\u2019s supply chain, or electrical power availability from climate-related weather events. The Company also face risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as its ability to successfully adopt new technology or to comply with more stringent and increasingly complex environmental regulations or requirements for the Company's manufacturing facilities and business operations, increased prices related to freight and shipping costs and other permitting requirements. \nThere continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. Increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in more international, regional and/or federal requirements or other stakeholder expectations that could mandate more restrictive or expansive standards, more prescriptive reporting of environmental, social and governance metrics than the voluntary commitments the Company adopted, or require related changes on a more accelerated time frame than the Company anticipates. A number of governmental bodies have finalized, proposed or are contemplating legislative and regulatory changes in response to the potential effect of climate change. Such legislation or regulation has and potentially could include provisions for a \u201ccap and trade\u201d system of allowances and credits or a carbon tax or require increased measurement of metrics and disclosure, among other provisions. The Company currently purchases renewable energy certificates (\u201cRECs\u201d) to mitigate the impact of carbon tax and is also assessing expanding its use of solar panels as an alternative energy source. If carbon tax legislation is changed or adopted, the Company may not be able to mitigate the future impact of carbon tax through the purchase of RECs and the use of solar panels or other measures. The Company may also face reputational risks and risks to the Company's investor confidence and market share if the Company is unable to make progress on the Company's voluntary environmental goals or is unable to keep apace with the progress made by the Company's peers. If environmental laws or regulations are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements on the Company, they may have a material adverse effect on the Company\u2019s business, access to credit, capital expenditures, operating results and financial condition.\nThe Company\u2019s failure to continue to successfully avoid, manage, defend, litigate and accrue for claims and litigation could negatively impact its results of operations or cash flows.\nThe Company is exposed to and becomes involved in various litigation matters arising out of the ordinary routine conduct of its business, including, from time to time, actual or threatened litigation relating to such items as commercial transactions, product liability, workers compensation, arrangements between the Company and its distributors, franchisees or vendors, intellectual property claims and regulatory actions.\nIn addition, the Company is subject to environmental laws in each jurisdiction in which business is conducted. Some of the Company\u2019s products incorporate substances that are regulated in some jurisdictions in which it conducts manufacturing operations. The Company has been and could be in the future subject to liability if it does not comply with these regulations. In addition, the Company is currently, and may in the future be held responsible for remedial investigations and clean-up costs resulting from the discharge of hazardous substances into the environment, including sites that have never been owned or operated by the Company but at which it has been identified as a potentially responsible party under federal and state environmental laws and regulations. Changes in environmental and other laws and regulations in both domestic and foreign jurisdictions could adversely affect the Company\u2019s operations due to increased costs of compliance and potential liability for non-compliance.\nThe Company manufactures products, configures and installs security systems and performs various services that create exposure to product and professional liability claims and litigation. The failure of the Company\u2019s products, systems and services to be properly manufactured, configured, installed, designed or delivered, resulting in personal injuries, property damage or business interruption could subject the Company to claims for damages. The Company has and is currently \n22\ndefending product liability claims, some of which have resulted in settlements or monetary judgments against the Company. The costs associated with defending ongoing or future product liability claims and payment of damages could be substantial. The Company\u2019s reputation could also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful.\nThere can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to successfully avoid, manage and defend such matters. In addition, given the inherent uncertainties in evaluating certain exposures, actual costs to be incurred in future periods may vary from the Company\u2019s estimates for such contingent liabilities.\nThe Company\u2019s products could be recalled. \nThe Company maintains an awareness of and responsibility for the potential health and safety impacts on its customers. The Company's product development processes include tollgates for product safety review, and extensive testing is conducted on product safety. Safety reviews are performed at various product development milestones, including a review of product labeling and marking to ensure safety and operational hazards are identified for the customer.   \nDespite safety and quality reviews, the Consumer Product Safety Commission or other applicable regulatory bodies may require, or the Company may voluntarily institute, the recall, repair or replacement of the Company\u2019s products if those products are found not to be in compliance with applicable standards or regulations. A recall could increase the Company's costs and adversely impact its reputation.\nThe Company\u2019s sales to government customers exposes it to business volatility and risks, including government budgeting cycles and appropriations, procurement regulations, governmental policy shifts, early termination of contracts, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties. \nThe Company derives a portion of its revenues from contracts with the U.S. government, state and local governments and foreign governments. Government contractors must comply with specific procurement regulations and other requirements. These requirements, although customary in government contracts, could impact the Company\u2019s performance and compliance costs, including limiting or delaying the Company\u2019s ability to share information with its business partners, customers and investors, which may negatively impact the Company\u2019s business and reputation. \nThe U.S. government may demand contract terms that are less favorable than standard arrangements with private sector customers and may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with the Company. For example, the U.S. government may have contract clauses that permit it to terminate any of the Company\u2019s government contracts and subcontracts at its convenience, and procurement regulations permit termination for default based on the Company\u2019s performance. In addition, changes in U.S. government budgetary priorities could lead to changes in the procurement environment, affecting availability of government contracting or funding opportunities. Changes in government procurement policy, priorities, regulations, technology initiatives and requirements, and/or contract award criteria may negatively impact the Company\u2019s potential for growth in the government sector. Changes in government cybersecurity and system requirements could negatively impact the Company\u2019s eligibility for the award of future contracts, negatively impacting the Company\u2019s business and reputation. \nGovernment contracts laws and regulations impose certain risks, and contracts are generally subject to audits, investigations and approval of policies, procedures and internal controls for compliance with procurement regulations and applicable law. If violations of law are found, they could result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business. Each of these factors could negatively impact the Company\u2019s business, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation.\nOther Risks\nThe Company\u2019s results of operations and earnings may not meet guidance or expectations.\nThe Company\u2019s results of operations and earnings may not meet guidance or expectations. The Company may provide public guidance on expected results of operations for future periods. This guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties described in this Form 10-K and in the Company\u2019s other public filings and public statements, and is based necessarily on assumptions the Company makes at the time it provides such guidance. The Company\u2019s guidance may not always be accurate. The Company may also choose to withdraw guidan\nc\ne, as it did in response to the uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic, or lower guidance in future periods. If, in the future, the Company\u2019s results of operations for a particular period do not meet its guidance or the expectations of investment analysts, the Company \n23\nreduces its guidance for future periods, or the Company withdraws guidance, the market price of the Company\u2019s common stock could decline significantly.\nThe Company has identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated, the Company\u2019s failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in its financial statements and a failure to meet its reporting and financial obligations, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company\u2019s financial condition and the trading price of its common stock.\nSubsequent to the filing of its 2020 Form 10-K, the Company received comments from the SEC Staff regarding its accounting for equity units issued in May 2017 and November 2019 (the \u201cEquity Units\u201d). Upon further reflection of the comments received by the Staff and the nature of the Equity Units, the Company determined that errors were made in its original accounting conclusions resulting from material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting for such instruments. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company\u2019s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.\nAs discussed in I\ntem 9A. Controls and Procedures\n of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company\u2019s management has evaluated its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and its disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that they were not effective as of January 1, 2022.\nThe Company is committed to remediating its material weaknesses as promptly as possible. Management is in the process of implementing its remediation plan. However, there can be no assurance as to when the material weaknesses will be remediated or that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future. If the Company is unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, its ability to record, process and report financial information timely and accurately could be adversely affected, which could subject the Company to litigation or investigations, require management resources, increase costs, negatively affect investor confidence and adversely impact its stock price.", "item1a": ">Item 1A. Risk Factors\n in \nPart I\n of this Form 10-K for further discussion of the risks associated with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Failure to maintain strong investment grade rating levels could adversely affect the Company\u2019s cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets, but would not have an adverse effect on the Company\u2019s ability to access its existing committed credit facilities. \nCash and cash equivalents totaled $142 million and $1.242 billion as of January\u00a01, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively, which was primarily held in the U.S. \n40\nAs a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (\"Act\"), the Company's tax liability related to the one-time transition tax associated with unremitted foreign earnings and profits totaled $296 million at January\u00a01, 2022. The Act permits a U.S. company to elect to pay the net tax liability interest-free over a period of up to eight years. See the Contractual Obligations table below for the estimated amounts due by period. The Company has considered the implications of paying the required one-time transition tax, and believes it will not have a material impact on its liquidity.\nIn October 2021, the Company increased its commercial paper program from $3.0 billion to $3.5 billion, which includes Euro denominated borrowings in addition to U.S. Dollars. As of January\u00a01, 2022, the Company had\n $2.2\u00a0billion of \nborrowings outstanding. As of January\u00a02, 2021, the Company had no borrowings outstanding, Refer to \nNote I, Financial Instruments,\n for further discussion.\nIn September 2021, the Company amended and restated its existing a five-year $2.0 billion committed credit facilit\ny with the concurrent execution of a new\n five year $2.5\u00a0billion co\nmmitted credit facility (the \"5-year Credit Agreement\"). Borrowings under the 5-Year Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars, Euros or Pounds Sterling. A sub-limit amount of $814.3 million is designated for swing line advances which may be drawn in Euros pursuant to the terms of the 5-Year Credit Agreement. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the\n borrowing and specific terms of the 5-Year Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the 5-Year Credit Agreement by the earlier of September 8, 2026 or upon termination. The 5-Year Credit Agreement is designated to be a liquidity back-stop for the Company's $3.5 billion U.S. Dollar and Euro commercial paper program. As of January\u00a01, 2022 and January\u00a02, 2021, the Company had not drawn on its five-year committed credit facility.\nIn September 2021, the Company terminated its 364-day $1.0 billion credit facility and concurrently executed a new 364-Day $1.0 billion committed credit facility (the \"364-Day Credit Agreement\"). Borrowings under the 364-Day Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars or Euros and bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and pursuant to the terms of the 364-Day Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the 364-Day Credit Agreement by the earlier \nof September 7, 2022 or u\npon termination. The Company may, however, convert all advances outstanding upon termination into a term loan that shall be repaid in full no later than the first anniversary of the termination date provided that the Company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. The 364-Day Credit Agreement serves as part of the liquidity back-stop for the Compan\ny\u2019s $3.5 billion U\n.S. Dollar and Euro commercial paper program. As of January\u00a01, 2022 and January\u00a02, 2021, the Company had not drawn on this 364-Day committed credit facility.\nIn November 2021, the Company executed a second 364-Day $1.0 billion committed credit facility (the \"Second 364-Day Credit Agreement\"). Borrowings under the Second 364-Day Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars and Euros and bear interest at a base rate plus an applicable margin determined at the time of the borrowing. The Company must repay all advances under the Second 364-Day Credit Agreement by the earlier of November 15, 2022 or upon termination. The Company may, however, convert all advances outstanding upon termination into a term loan that shall be repaid in full no later than the first anniversary of the termination date provided that the Company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. As of January\u00a01, 2022, the Company had not drawn on this 364-Day committed credit facility.\nIn January 2022, the Company executed a third 364-Day $2.5 billion committed credit facility (the \"Third 364-Day Credit Agreement\"). Borrowings under the Third 364-Day Credit Agreement shall be made in U.S. Dollars and bear interest at a base rate plus an applicable margin determined at the time of the borrowing. The Company must repay all advances under the Third 364-Day Credit Agreement by the earlier of January 25, 2023 or upon termination. The Company may, however, convert all advances outstanding upon termination into a term loan that shall be repaid in full no later than the first anniversary of the termination date provided that the Company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. The Company has not drawn on this 364-Day committed credit facility.\nIn addition, the Company has other short-term lines of credit that are primarily uncommitted, with numerous banks, aggregating $354 million, of which approximately $263 million was available at January\u00a01, 2022. Short-term arrangements are reviewed annually for renewal.\nAt January\u00a01, 2022, the aggregate amount of committed and uncommitted lines of credit, long-term and short-term, was approximat\nely $4.9 billion. A\nt January\u00a01, 2022, $2.2 billion was recorded as short-term borrowings. In addition, $91 million of the short-term credit lines was utilized primarily pertaining to outstanding letters of credit for which there are no required or reported debt balances. The weighted-average interest rates on U.S. dollar denominated short-term borrowings for 2021 and 2020 were 0.1% and 1.3%, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on Euro denominated short-term borrowings for 2021 and 2020 were negative 0.5% and 0.2%, respectively.\n41\nIn the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company assumed $103.0 million and $4.3 million of debt in connection with the MTD and Excel acquisitions, respectively.\nIn November 2020, the Company issued $750.0\u00a0million of senior unsecured term notes maturing November 15, 2050 (\"2050 Term Notes\"). The 2050 Term Notes will accrue interest at a fixed rate of 2.75% per annum, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears, and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company's existing and future unsecured unsubordinated debt. The Company received total net proceeds from this offering of approximately $740\u00a0million, net of underwriting expenses and other fees associated with the transaction. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including repayment of other borrowings.\nContemporaneously with the issuance of the 2050 Term Notes, the Company redeemed the 3.4% senior unsecured term notes due 2021 (\u201c2021 Term Notes\u201d) and the 2.9% senior unsecured term notes due 2022 (\u201c2022 Term Notes\u201d) for approximately $1.2\u00a0billion representing the outstanding principal amounts, accrued and unpaid interest, and a make-whole premium. The Company recognized a net pre-tax loss of $47\u00a0million from the extinguishment, which was comprised of the $49\u00a0million make-whole premium payment and a $2\u00a0million loss related to the write-off of deferred financing fees, partially offset by a $4\u00a0million gain relating to the write-off of unamortized fair value swap terminations. The Company also recognized a pre-tax loss of $20\u00a0million relating to the unamortized loss on cash flow swap terminations related to the 2022 Term Notes. Refer to \nNote I, Financial Instruments\n, for further discussion.\nIn February 2020, the Company issued $750 million of senior unsecured term notes maturing March 15, 2030 (\"2030 Term Notes\") and $750.0 million of fixed-to-fixed reset rate junior subordinated debentures maturing March 15, 2060 (\u201c2060 Junior Subordinated Debentures\u201d). The 2030 Term Notes accrue interest at a fixed rate of 2.3% per annum, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears, and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company's existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated debt. The 2060 Junior Subordinated Debentures bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.0% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, up to but excluding March 15, 2025. From and including March 15, 2025, the interest rate will be reset for each subsequent five-year reset period equal to the Five-Year Treasury Rate plus 2.657%.  The Five-Year Treasury Rate is based on the average yields on actively traded U.S. treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for five-year maturities.  On each five-year reset date, the 2060 Junior Subordinated Debentures can be called at par value. The 2060 Junior Subordinated Debentures are unsecured and rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to all of the Company\u2019s existing and future senior debt. The Company received total net proceeds from these offerings of approximately $1.5 billion, net of underwriting expenses and other fees associated with the transactions. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes, including acquisition funding.\nIn November 2019, the Company issued 7,500,000 Equity Units with a total notional value of $750 million (\"2019 Equity Units\"). Each unit has a stated amount of $100 and initially consists of a three-year forward stock purchase contract (\"2022 Purchase Contracts\") for the purchase of a variable number of shares of common stock, on November 15, 2022, for a price of $100, and a 10% beneficial ownership interest in one share of 0% Series D Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, without par, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (\"Series D Preferred Stock\"). The Company received approximately $735 million in cash proceeds from the 2019 Equity Units, net of offering expenses and underwriting costs and commissions, and issued 750,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The proceeds were used, together with cash on hand, to redeem the 2052 Junior Subordinated Debentures in December 2019. The Company also used $19 million of the proceeds to enter into capped call transactions utilized to hedge potential economic dilution. On and after November 15, 2022, the Series D Preferred Stock may be converted into common stock at the option of the holder. At the election of the Company, upon conversion, the Company may deliver cash, common stock, or a combination thereof. On or after December 22, 2022, the Company may elect to redeem for cash, all or any portion of the outstanding shares of the Series D Preferred Stock at a redemption price equal to 100% of the liquidation preference, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends. If the Company calls the Series D Preferred Stock for redemption, holders may convert their shares immediately preceding the redemption date. Upon a successful remarketing of the Series D Preferred Stock (the \"Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock\"), the Company will receive additional cash proceeds of $750 million and issue shares of Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock. The Company pays the holders of the 2022 Purchase Contracts quarterly contract adjustment payments, which commenced February 15, 2020. As of January\u00a01, 2022, the present value of the contract adjustment payments was approximately \n$38 million\n.\nIn March 2018, the Company purchased from a financial institution \u201cat-the-money\u201d capped call options with an approximate term of three years, on 3.2 million shares of its common stock (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments) for an aggregate premium of $57 million. In February 2020, the Company net-share settled 0.6 million of the 3.2 million capped options on its common stock and received 61,767 shares using an average reference price of $162.26 per common share. On June 9, 2020, the Company amended the 2018 capped call options to align with and offset the potential economic dilution associated with the common shares issuable upon conversion of the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock, as further discussed below. Subsequent to the amendment, the capped call options had an initial lower strike price of $148.34 and an upper strike price of $165.00, \n42\nwhich was approximately 30% higher than the closing price of the Company's common stock on June 9, 2020. During the second quarter of 2021, the Company net share settled the remaining capped call options on its common stock and received \n344,004 shares using an average reference price of $209.80\n per common share. \nIn May 2017, the Company issued 7,500,000 Equity Units with a total notional value of $750 million (\"2017 Equity Units\"). Each unit had a stated amount of $100 and initially consisted of a three-year forward stock purchase contract (\"2020 Purchase Contracts\") for the purchase of a variable number of shares of common stock, on May 15, 2020, for a price of $100, and a 10% beneficial ownership interest in one share of 0% Series C Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, without par, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (\"Series C Preferred Stock\"). The Company received approximately $727 million in cash proceeds from the 2017 Equity Units, net of underwriting costs and commissions, before offering expenses, and issued 750,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of short-term borrowings. The Company also used $25 million of the proceeds to enter into capped call transactions utilized to hedge potential economic dilution. \nIn May 2020, the Company generated cash proceeds of $750 million from the successful remarketing of the Series C Preferred Stock (the \"Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock\"), as described more fully in \nNote J, Capital Stock\n. Upon completion of the remarketing, the holders of the 2017 Equity Units received 5,463,750 common shares and the Company issued 750,000 shares of Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock. Holders of the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends, if declared by the Board of Directors, at an initial fixed rate equal to 5.0% per annum of the $1,000 per share liquidation preference (equivalent to $50.00 per annum per share). In connection with the remarketing, the conversion rate was reset to 6.7352 shares of the Company's common stock, whic\nh was \nequivalent to a conversion price of approximately $148.47 per share. Beginning on May 15, 2020, the holders have the option to convert the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock into common stock. At the election of the Company, upon conversion, the Company may deliver cash, common stock, or a combination thereof. The Company did not have the right to redeem the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock prior to May 15, 2021. On April 28, 2021, the Company informed holders that it would redeem all outstanding shares of the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock on June 3, 2021 \n(the \n\u201c\nRedemption date\n\u201d\n) at $1,002.50 per share in cash (\n\u201c\nRedemption price\n\u201d)\n, which was equal to 100% of the liquidation preference of a share of Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock, plus accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. If a holder elected to convert its shares of Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock prior to the Redemption Date, the Company elected a combination settlement with a specified cash amount of $1,000 per share. In June 2021, the Company redeemed the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock and settled all conversions, paying $750\u00a0million in cash and issuing 1,469,055 common shares.\nIn March 2015, the Company entered into a forward share purchase contract with a financial institution counterparty for 3,645,510 shares of common stock. The contract obligates the Company to pay $350 million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract. In February 2020, the Company amended the settlement date to April 2022, or earlier at the Company's option.\nRefer to \nNote\u00a0H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements\n, and \nNote J, Capital Stock\n, for further discussion regarding the Company's debt and equity arrangements.\n43\nContractual Obligations:\n\u00a0The following table summarizes the Company\u2019s significant contractual obligations and commitments that impact its liquidity:\nPayments Due by Period\n(Millions of Dollars)\nTotal\n2022\n2023-2024\n2025-2026\nThereafter\nLong-term debt (a)\n$\n4,408\u00a0\n$\n1\u00a0\n$\n2\u00a0\n$\n555\u00a0\n$\n3,850\u00a0\nInterest payments on long-term debt (b)\n3,241\u00a0\n165\u00a0\n330\u00a0\n330\u00a0\n2,416\u00a0\nShort-term borrowings\n2,241\u00a0\n2,241\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nLease obligations (c)\n577\u00a0\n146\u00a0\n198\u00a0\n120\u00a0\n113\u00a0\nInventory purchase commitments (d)\n802\u00a0\n799\u00a0\n3\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nDeferred compensation\n30\u00a0\n1\u00a0\n1\u00a0\n1\u00a0\n27\u00a0\nMarketing commitments (e)\n77\u00a0\n54\u00a0\n23\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nForward stock purchase contract (f)\n350\u00a0\n350\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nPension funding obligations (g)\n41\u00a0\n41\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nContract adjustment fees (h)\n39\u00a0\n39\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nU.S. income tax (i)\n296\u00a0\n33\u00a0\n151\u00a0\n112\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nSupplier agreement (j)\n78\u00a0\n78\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal contractual cash obligations\n$\n12,180\u00a0\n$\n3,948\u00a0\n$\n708\u00a0\n$\n1,118\u00a0\n$\n6,406\u00a0\n\u00a0\n(a)\nFuture payments on long-term debt encompass all payments related to aggregate debt maturities, excluding certain fair value adjustments included in long-term debt, as discussed further in \nNote\u00a0H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements.\n(b)\nFuture interest payments on long-term debt reflect the applicable interest rate in effect at January\u00a01, 2022\n. \n(c)\nFuture lease obligations in the table above include $81 million for discontinued operations, $25\u00a0million in 2022, $19\u00a0million in 2023, $14\u00a0million in 2024, $10\u00a0million in 2025, $6\u00a0million in 2026, and $7 million thereafter. \n(d)\nInventory purchase commitments primarily consist of open purchase orders to purchase raw materials, components, and sourced products.\n(e)\nFuture marketing commitments in the table above include $1.0\u00a0million in 2022 attributable to discontinued operations. \n(f)\nIn March 2015, the Company entered into a forward share purchase contract with a financial institution counterparty which obligates the Company to pay $350 million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract.\u00a0In February 2020, the Company amended the settlement date to April 2022, or earlier at the Company's option. See \nNote J, Capital Stock,\n for further discussion.\n(g)\nThis amount principally represents contributions either required by regulations or laws or, with respect to unfunded plans, necessary to fund current benefits. The Company has not presented estimated pension and post-retirement funding beyond 2022 as funding can vary significantly from year to year based upon changes in the fair value of the plan assets, actuarial assumptions, and curtailment/settlement actions.\n(h)\nThese amounts represent future contract adjustment payments to holders of the Company's 2022 Purchase Contracts. See \nNote J, Capital Stock,\n for further discussion.\n(i)\nIncome tax liability for the one-time deemed repatriation tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits. \n(j)\nPrepayment to vendor to support dedicated production of key material.\nTo the extent the Company can reliably determine when payments will occur, the related amounts will be included in the table above. However, due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential future cash flows associated with the contingent consideration liability related to the Craftsman acquisition and the unrecognized tax liabilities of $289 million and $548 million, respectively, at January\u00a01, 2022, the Company is unable to make a reliable estimate of when (if at all) these amounts may be paid. Refer to \nNote M, Fair Value Measurements,\n for further discussion.\nPayments of the above contractual obligations (with the exception of payments related to debt principal, the forward stock purchase contract, contract adjustment fees, and tax obligations) will typically generate a cash tax benefit such that the net cash outflow will be lower than the gross amounts summarized above.\n44\nOther Significant Commercial Commitments:\nAmount of Commitment Expirations Per Period\n(Millions of Dollars)\nTotal\n2022\n2023-2024\n2025-2026\nThereafter\nU.S. lines of credit\n$\n4,500\u00a0\n$\n2,000\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n2,500\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\nShort-term borrowings, long-term debt and lines of credit are explained in detail within \nNote\u00a0H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements\n.\nMARKET RISK \nMarket risk is the potential economic loss that may result from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments, currencies, commodities and other items traded in global markets. The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, stock prices, bond prices and commodity prices, amongst others.\nExposure to foreign currency risk results because the Company, through its global businesses, enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies. The Company\u2019s predominant currency exposures are related to the Euro, Canadian Dollar, British Pound, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real, Chinese Renminbi and the Taiwan Dollar. Certain cross-currency trade flows arising from both trade and affiliate sales and purchases are consolidated and netted prior to obtaining risk protection through the use of various derivative financial instruments which may include: purchased basket options, purchased options, collars, cross-currency swaps and currency forwards. The Company is thus able to capitalize on its global positioning by taking advantage of naturally offsetting exposures and portfolio efficiencies to reduce the cost of purchasing derivative protection. At times, the Company also enters into foreign exchange derivative contracts to reduce the earnings and cash flow impacts of non-functional currency denominated receivables and payables, primarily for affiliate transactions. Gains and losses from these hedging instruments offset the gains or losses on the underlying net exposures. Management determines the nature and extent of currency hedging activities, and in certain cases, may elect to allow certain currency exposures to remain un-hedged. The Company may also enter into cross-currency swaps and forward contracts to hedge the net investments in certain subsidiaries and better match the cash flows of operations to debt service requirements. Management estimates the foreign currency impact from its derivative financial instruments outstanding at the end of 2021 would have been an incremental pre-tax loss of approximately $30 million based on a hypothetical 10% adverse movement in all net derivative currency positions. The Company follows risk management policies in executing derivative financial instrument transactions, and does not use such instruments for speculative purposes. The Company generally does not hedge the translation of its non-U.S.\u00a0dollar earnings in foreign subsidiaries, but may choose to do so in certain instances in future periods.\nAs mentioned above, the Company routinely has cross-border trade and affiliate flows that cause an impact on earnings from foreign exchange rate movements. The Company is also exposed to currency fluctuation volatility from the translation of foreign earnings into U.S.\u00a0dollars and the economic impact of foreign currency volatility on monetary assets held in foreign currencies. It is more difficult to quantify the transactional effects from currency fluctuations than the translational effects. Aside from the use of derivative instruments, which may be used to mitigate some of the exposure, transactional effects can potentially be influenced by actions the Company may take. For example, if an exposure occurs from a European entity sourcing product from a U.S.\u00a0supplier it may be possible to change to a European supplier. Management estimates the combined translational and transactional impact, on pre-tax earnings, of a 10% overall movement in exchange rates is approximately $209 million, or approximately $1.18 per diluted share. In 2021, translational and transactional foreign currency fluctuations negatively impacted pre-tax earnings from continuing operations by approximately $17 million, or approximately $0.10 per diluted share. \nThe Company\u2019s exposure to interest rate risk results from its outstanding debt and derivative obligations, short-term investments, and derivative financial instruments employed in the management of its debt portfolio. The debt portfolio including both trade and affiliate debt, is managed to achieve capital structure targets and reduce the overall cost of borrowing by using a combination of fixed and floating rate debt as well as interest rate swaps, and cross-currency swaps.\nThe Company\u2019s primary exposure to interest rate risk comes from its commercial paper program in which the pricing is partially based on short-term U.S. interest rates. At January\u00a01, 2022, the impact of a hypothetical 10% increase in the interest rates associated with the Company\u2019s commercial paper borrowings would have an immaterial effect on the Company\u2019s financial position and results of operations.\nThe Company has exposure to commodity prices in many businesses, particularly brass, nickel, resin, aluminum, copper, zinc, steel, and energy used in the production of finished goods. Generally, commodity price exposures are not hedged with derivative financial instruments, but instead are actively managed through customer product and service pricing actions, procurement-driven cost reduction initiatives and other productivity improvement projects. \n45\nThe Company has $136 million of liabilities as of January\u00a01, 2022 pertaining to unfunded defined contribution plans for certain U.S.\u00a0employees for which there is mark-to-market exposure.\nThe assets held by the Company\u2019s defined benefit plans are exposed to fluctuations in the market value of securities, primarily global stocks and fixed-income securities. The funding obligations for these plans would increase in the event of adverse changes in the plan asset values, although such funding would occur over a period of many years. In 2021, 2020, and 2019, investment returns on pension plan assets resulted in increases of $81 million, $280 million, and \n$323\u00a0million\n, respectively. The Company expects funding obligations on its defined benefit plans to be approximately $41 million in 2022. The Company employs diversified asset allocations to help mitigate this risk. Management has worked to minimize this exposure by freezing and terminating defined benefit plans where appropriate.\nThe Company has access to financial resources and borrowing capabilities around the world. There are no inst\nruments within the debt structure that would accelerate payment requirements solely due to a change in credit rating.\nThe Company\u2019s existing credit facilities and sources of liquidity, including operating cash flows, are considered more than adequate to conduct business as normal. Accordingly, based on present conditions and past history, management believes it is unlikely that operations will be materially affected by any potential deterioration of the general credit markets that may occur. The Company believes that its strong financial position, operating cash flows, committed long-term credit facilities and borrowing capacity, and ability to access equity markets, provide the financial flexibility necessary to continue its record of annual dividend payments, to invest in the routine needs of its businesses, to make strategic acquisitions and to fund other initiatives encompassed by its growth strategy and maintain its strong investment grade credit ratings.\nOTHER MATTERS\nEmployee Stock Ownership Plan (\"ESOP\")\n \n\u2014 \nAs detailed in \nNote\u00a0L, Employee Benefit Plans\n, the Company has an ESOP under which the ongoing U.S.\u00a0Core and 401(k) defined contribution plans have been funded. Overall ESOP expense was affected by the market value of the Company\u2019s stock on the monthly dates when shares were released, among other factors. The Company\u2019s net ESOP activity resulted in expense of $59.1 million and $4.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, and income of $5.1 million in 2019\n. U.S. defined contribution retirement plan expense increased in 2021 as all remaining unallocated shares in the ESOP were released in the first quarter of 2020. In addition, employer contributions to the plan were suspended for the last three quarters of 2020. \nCRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES\u00a0\u2014\n Preparation of the Company\u2019s Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements are described in \nNote\u00a0A, Significant Accounting Policies\n. Management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the Consolidated Financial Statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters with inherent uncertainty. The most significant areas involving management estimates are described below. Actual results in these areas could differ from management\u2019s estimates.\nGOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS\u00a0\u2014 The Company acquires businesses in purchase transactions that result in the recognition of goodwill and intangible assets. The determination of the value of intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (\"ASC\") 350-20, \nGoodwill\n, acquired goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are subject to impairment testing at least annually or when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate it is more likely than not an impairment exists. Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized and are tested for impairment when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. Goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying net assets of acquired businesses. At January\u00a01, 2022, the Company reported $8.784 billion of goodwill, $2.525 billion of indefinite-lived trade names and $2.175 billion of net definite-lived intangibles. \nManagement tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment as defined in ASC\u00a0280, \nSegment Reporting\n, or one level below an operating segment (component level) as determined by the availability of discrete financial information that is regularly reviewed by operating segment management or an aggregate of component levels of an operating segment having similar economic characteristics. If the carrying value of a reporting unit (including the value of goodwill) is greater than its estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded for the amount that the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeded its fair value.\nAs required by the Company\u2019s policy, goodwill was tested for impairment in the third quarter of 2021. In accordance with Accounting Standards Update (\"ASU\") 2011-08, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): \nTesting Goodwill for Impairment\n, companies are permitted to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the \n46\nfair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. Impairment tests are completed separately with respect to the goodwill of each of the Company\u2019s reporting units. For its annual impairment testing performed in the third quarter of 2021, the Company applied the qualitative assessment for two of its reporting units, while performing the quantitative test for three of its reporting units. Based on the results of the Company\u2019s annual impairment testing, it was determined that the fair value of each of its reporting units is substantially in excess of its carrying amount.\nIn performing the qualitative assessments, the Company identified and considered the significance of relevant key factors, events, and circumstances that could affect the fair value of each reporting unit. These factors include external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, as well as entity-specific factors, such as actual and planned financial performance. The Company also assessed changes in each reporting unit's fair value and carrying value since the most recent date a fair value measurement was performed. As a result of the qualitative assessments performed, the Company concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of these reporting units exceeded its respective carrying value and therefore, no additional quantitative impairment testing was performed.\nWith respect to the quantitative tests, the Company assessed the fair values of the three reporting units based on a discounted cash flow valuation model. The key assumptions applied to the cash flow projections were discount rates, which ranged from 7.0% to 8.0%, near-term revenue growth rates over the next six years, which represented cumulative annual growth rates ranging from approximately 4% to 7%, and perpetual growth rates of 3%. These assumptions contemplated business, market and overall economic conditions. Based on the results of this testing, the Company determined that the fair value for each of these reporting units exceeded its carrying amount by in excess of 50%. Furthermore, management performed sensitivity analyses on the estimated fair values from the discounted cash flow valuation models utilizing more conservative assumptions that reflect reasonably likely future changes in the discount rate and perpetual growth rate. The discount rate was increased by 100\u00a0basis points with no impairment indicated. The perpetual growth rate was decreased by 150\u00a0basis points with no impairment indicated. \nThe Company also tested its indefinite-lived trade names for impairment during the third quarter of 2021 utilizing a discounted cash flow model. The key assumptions used included discount rates, royalty rates, and perpetual growth rates applied to the projected sales. The Company determined that the fair values of its indefinite-lived trade names exceeded their respective carrying amounts.\nIn the event that future operating results of any of the Company's reporting units or indefinite-lived trade names do not meet current expectations, management, based upon conditions at the time, would consider taking restructuring or other strategic actions, as necessary, to maximize revenue growth and profitability. A thorough analysis of all the facts and circumstances existi\nng at that time would need to be performed to determine if recording an impairment loss would be appropriate.\nDEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS\u00a0\u2014 The valuation of pension and other postretirement benefits costs and obligations is dependent on various assumptions. These assumptions, which are updated annually, include discount rates, expected return on plan assets, future salary increase rates, and health care cost trend rates. The Company considers current market conditions, including interest rates, to establish these assumptions. Discount rates are developed considering the yields available on high-quality fixed income investments with maturities corresponding to the duration of the related benefit obligations. The Company\u2019s weighted-average discount rates used to determine benefit obligations at January\u00a01, 2022 for the United States and international pension plans were 2.80% and 1.78%, respectively. The Company\u2019s weighted-average discount rates used to determine benefit obligations at January\u00a02, 2021 for the United States and international pension plans were 2.39% and 1.31%, respectively. As discussed further in \nNote\u00a0L, Employee Benefit Plans\n, the Company develops the expected return on plan assets considering various factors, which include its targeted asset allocation percentages, historic returns, and expected future returns. The Company\u2019s expected rate of return assumptions for the United States and international pension plans were 4.75% and 3.25%, respectively, at January\u00a01, 2022. The Company will us\ne a 4.07% we\nighted-average expected rate of return assumption to determine the 2022 net periodic benefit cost. A 25 basis point reduction in the expected rate of return assumption would increase 2022 net periodic benefit cost by approximately $6\u00a0million on a pre-tax basis.\nThe Company believes that the assumptions used are appropriate; however, differences in actual experience or changes in the assumptions may materially affect the Company\u2019s financial position or results of operations. To the extent that actual (newly measured) results differ from the actuarial assumptions, the difference is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, and, if in excess of a specified corridor, amortized over future periods. The expected return on plan assets is determined using the expected rate of return and the fair value of plan assets. Accordingly, market fluctuations in the fair value of plan assets can affect the net periodic benefit cost in the following year. The projected benefit obligation for defined benefit plans exceeded the fair value of plan assets by $432 million at January\u00a01, 2022. A 25 basis point reduction in the discount rate would have increased the projected benefit obligation by approximately $101\u00a0million at January\u00a01, 2022. The primary Black\u00a0& Decker U.S. pension and post employment benefit plans were curtailed in late 2010, as well as the only material Black\u00a0& Decker \n47\ninternational plan, and in their place the Company implemented defined contribution benefit plans. The vast majority of the projected benefit obligation pertains to plans that have been frozen; the remaining defined benefit plans that are not frozen are predominantly small domestic union plans and those that are statutorily mandated in certain international jurisdictions. The Company recognized approximately $8 million of defined benefit plan income in 2021, which may fluctuate in future years depending upon various factors including future discount rates and actual returns on plan assets.\nENVIRONMENTAL\u00a0\u2014 The Company incurs costs related to environmental issues as a result of various laws and regulations governing current operations as well as the remediation of previously contaminated sites. The Company\u2019s policy is to accrue environmental investigatory and remediation costs for identified sites when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The amount of liability recorded is based on an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to each individual site and includes such factors as existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites. The liabilities recorded do not take into account any claims for recoveries from insurance or third parties. As assessments and remediation progress at individual sites, the amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available.\nAs of January\u00a01, 2022, the Company had reserves of $159 million for remediation activities associated with Company-owned properties as well as for Superfund sites, for losses that are probable and estimable. The range of environmental remediation costs that is reasonably possible is $94 million to $229 million which is subject to change in the near term. The Company may be liable for environmental remediation of sites it no longer owns. Liabilities have been recorded on those sites in accordance with this policy.\nINCOME TAXES\u00a0\u2014 The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC 740, \nIncome Taxes\n, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Any changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.\nThe Company records net deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized. In making this determination, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing temporary differences, estimates of future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and the realizability of net operating loss carryforwards. In the event that it is determined that an asset is not more likely that not to be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded against the asset. Valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can be impacted by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. In the event the Company were to determine that it would not be able to realize all or a portion of its deferred tax assets in the future, the unrealizable amount would be charged to earnings in the period in which that determination is made. Conversely, if the Company were to determine that it would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net carrying amounts, it would decrease the recorded valuation allowance through a favorable adjustment to earnings in the period that the determination was made.\nThe Company records uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740, which requires a two-step process. First, management determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and second, for those tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold, management recognizes the largest amount of the tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related taxing authority. The Company maintains an accounting policy of recording interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of Income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.\nThe Company is subject to income tax in a number of locations, including many state and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required when calculating the worldwide provision for income taxes. Many factors are considered when evaluating and estimating the Company's tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments, and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized benefit with respect to certain of the Company's unrecognized tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve\u00a0months. These changes may be the result of settlements of ongoing audits, litigation, or other proceedings with taxing authorities. The Company periodically assesses its liabilities and contingencies for all tax years still subject to audit based on the most current available information, which involves inherent uncertainty.\nAdditional information regarding income taxes is available in \nNote\u00a0Q, Income Taxes.\n48\nCAUTIONARY STATEMENTS UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION \nREFORM ACT OF 1995 \nThis document contains \u201cforward-looking statements\u201d within the meaning of Section\u00a027A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section\u00a021E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are \u201cforward-looking statements\u201d for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including any projections or guidance of earnings, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may include, among others, the words \u201cmay,\u201d \u201cwill,\u201d \u201cestimate,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201ccontinue,\u201d \u201cbelieve,\u201d \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201canticipate\u201d or any other similar words.\nAlthough the Company believes that the expectations reflected in any of its forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of its forward-looking statements. The Company's future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. \nImportant factors that could cause the Company's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in its forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: (i) successfully developing, marketing and achieving sales from new products and services and the continued acceptance of current products and services; (ii) macroeconomic factors, including global and regional business conditions (such as Brexit), commodity prices, inflation and deflation, and currency exchange rates; (iii) laws, regulations and governmental policies affecting the Company's activities in the countries where it does business, including those related to tariffs, taxation, data privacy, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, government contracts and trade controls such as section 301 tariffs and section 232 steel and aluminum tariffs; (iv) the economic, political, cultural and legal environment of emerging markets, particularly Latin America, Russia, China and Turkey; (v) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or divestitures; (vi) pricing pressure and other changes within competitive markets; (vii) availability and price of raw materials, component parts, freight, energy, labor and sourced finished goods; (viii) the impact the tightened credit markets and change to LIBOR and other benchmark rates may have on the Company or its customers or suppliers; (ix) the extent to which the Company has to write off accounts receivable or assets or experiences supply chain disruptions in connection with bankruptcy filings by customers or suppliers; (x) the Company's ability to identify and effectively execute productivity improvements and cost reductions; (xi) potential business and distribution disruptions, including those related to physical security threats, information technology or cyber-attacks, epidemics, pandemics, sanctions, political unrest, war, terrorism or natural disasters; (xii) the continued consolidation of customers, particularly in consumer channels and the Company\u2019s continued reliance on significant customers; (xiii) managing franchisee relationships; (xiv) the impact of poor weather conditions and climate change; (xv) maintaining or improving production rates in the Company's manufacturing facilities, responding to significant changes in customer preferences, product demand and fulfilling demand for new and existing products, and learning, adapting and integrating new technologies into products, services and processes; (xvi) changes in the competitive landscape in the Company's markets; (xvii) the Company's non-U.S. operations, including sales to non-U.S. customers; (xviii) the impact from demand changes within world-wide markets associated with homebuilding and remodeling; (xix) potential adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/or government investigations; (xx) the incurrence of debt and changes in the Company's ability to obtain debt on commercially reasonable terms and at competitive rates; (xxi) substantial pension and other postretirement benefit obligations; (xxii) potential regulatory liabilities, including environmental, privacy, data breach, workers compensation and product liabilities; (xxiii) attracting and retaining key employees, managing a workforce in many jurisdictions, work stoppages or other labor disruptions; (xxiv) the Company's ability to keep abreast with the pace of technological change; (xxv) changes in accounting estimates; (xxvi) the Company\u2019s ability to protect its intellectual property rights and associated reputational impacts; (xxvii) the continued adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and an indeterminate recovery period; (xxviii) the possibility that the Company does not achieve the intended financial benefits from the acquisition of MTD; (xxix) the failure to consummate, or a delay in the consummation of, the Security sale transaction for various reasons (including but not limited to failure to receive, or delay in receiving, required regulatory approvals and meet customary closing conditions); (xxx) the failure to undertake or complete, or a delay in the timing of, the share repurchase program; and (xxxi) failure to realize the expected benefits of the Company's capital allocation strategy and share repurchase program.\nAdditional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under the heading \u201cRisk Factors,\u201d \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\u201d and in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes.\n49\nForward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date hereof, and forward-looking statements in documents attached that are incorporated by reference speak only as of the date of those documents. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement or to report any events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.\n50", "item7": ">Item\u00a07\n and in \nNote I, Financial Instruments\n, of the \nNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements\n in \nItem\u00a08\n.\nITEM\u00a08.\u00a0FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA\nSee Item\u00a015 for an index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule. Such Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule are incorporated herein by reference.\nITEM\u00a09. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE\nNone.\n51\nITEM\u00a09A.\u00a0CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES\nMaterial Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting\nThe management of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the \"Company\") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as that term is defined under Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the \u201cExchange Act\u201d). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the President and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control\u00a0\u2014 Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on that assessment, the Chief Executive Officer and the President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of its financial reporting and the preparation of its financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America as of January 1, 2022 due to the material weaknesses in internal control described below.\nA material weakness, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company\u2019s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.\nSubsequent to the filing of its 2020 Form 10-K, the Company received comments from the SEC Staff regarding its accounting for equity units issued in May 2017 and November 2019 (the \u201cEquity Units\u201d). Upon further reflection of the comments received by the Staff and the nature of the Equity Units, the Company determined that errors were made in its original accounting conclusions resulting from material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting for such instruments. The Company determined the errors were the result of the following deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting:\n1.\nThe design of its control to consider all the relevant authoritative accounting guidance for financial instruments with debt- and equity-like features; and\n2.\nThe design of its control to consider financial instruments with debt- and equity-like features in the calculation of earnings per share.\nThe Company assessed whether there was a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement would not have been prevented or detected on a timely basis as a result of the above control deficiencies. The first control deficiency could result in a determination that there are two units of account in which the forward stock purchase contracts, when evaluated separately as freestanding instruments, would be precluded from equity classification. As a result, the asset or liability related to the forward stock purchase contracts would be subject to mark-to-market accounting, which would be significantly influenced by factors outside of the Company\u2019s control, including fluctuations in its share price. The second control deficiency resulted in material errors in the calculation of diluted earnings per share previously disclosed in the Company\u2019s historical financial statements. Based on these factors, the Company concluded that the deficiencies noted above each rise to the level of a material weakness.\nRemediation of Material Weaknesses\nThe Company acknowledges that its management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and assessing the effectiveness of its internal controls. The Company is committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment and implementing measures to ensure that the control deficiencies identified above are remediated as soon as possible. Management is in the process of implementing its remediation plan, which includes steps to design and implement new controls and expand education and training related to the accounting considerations for complex financing transactions. The Company will consider the material weakness remediated after the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and management has concluded, through testing, that the controls are operating effectively.\nEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures\nThe Company\u2019s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.\n52\nDuring the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company acquired the remaining 80 percent ownership stake in MTD Holdings Inc. (\"MTD\") and Excel Industries (\"Excel\") for approximately $1.5\u00a0billion and $374\u00a0million, respectfully. Since Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. has not yet fully incorporated the internal controls and procedures of MTD and Excel into Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, management excluded these businesses from its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of January\u00a01, 2022. MTD accounted for 5% of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.'s total assets as of January\u00a01, 2022 and 1% of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.'s net sales for the year then ended. Excel accounted less than 1% of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.'s total assets as of January\u00a01, 2022 and less than 1% of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.'s net sales for the year then ended.\nOther than those items noted above, there has been no change in the Company\u2019s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended January 1, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company\u2019s internal control over financial reporting. \nRefer to Management\u2019s Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting on page 63.\nITEM\u00a09B.\u00a0OTHER INFORMATION\nNone.\n53\nPART\u00a0III\nITEM\u00a010.\u00a0DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE REGISTRANT\nThe information required by this Item, except for certain information with respect to the Company\u2019s Code of Ethics, the identification of the executive officers of the Company and any material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company\u2019s Board of Directors, as set forth below, is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the section of the Company\u2019s definitive proxy statement (which will be filed pursuant to Regulation\u00a014A under the Exchange Act within 120\u00a0days after the close of the Company\u2019s fiscal year) under the headings \u201cInformation Concerning Nominees for Election as Directors,\u201d and \u201cBoard of Directors\".\nAvailable on the Company's website at http://www.stanleyblackanddecker.com under the \u201cWho We Are\u201d heading is the Code of Business Ethics applicable to all of its directors, officers, including the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer, and Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and employees worldwide. The Company intends to post on its website required information regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, the Code of Business Ethics that applies to the Company's Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers within four business days after any such amendment or waiver.\n54\nThe following is a list of the executive officers of the Company as of February\u00a022, 2022: \n\u00a0\nName\u00a0and\u00a0Age\nOffice\nDate\u00a0Elected\u00a0to\nOffice\nJames M. Loree (63)\nChief Executive Officer since August 2016. President & Chief Operating Officer (2013); Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (2009); Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer (1999).\n7/19/1999\nDonald Allan, Jr. (57)\nPresident & Chief Financial Officer since April 2021. Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (2016); Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (2010); Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (2009); Vice President & Corporate Controller (2002); Corporate Controller (2000); Assistant Controller (1999).\n10/24/2006\nJanet M. Link (52)\nSenior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since July 2017. Executive Vice President, General Counsel, JC Penney Company, Inc. (2015); Vice President, Deputy General Counsel, JC Penney Company, Inc. (2014); Vice President, Deputy General Counsel, Clear Channel Companies (2013).\n7/19/2017\nJaime A. Ramirez (54)\nExecutive Vice President & President, Global Tools & Storage since July 2020. Senior Vice President & Chief Operating Officer, Tools & Storage (2019); Senior Vice President & President, Global Emerging Markets (2012); President, Construction & DIY, Latin America (2010); Vice President and General Manager\u00a0- Latin America, Power Tools & Accessories, The Black & Decker Corporation (2008); Vice President and General Manager\u00a0- Andean Region The Black & Decker Corporation (2007).\n3/12/2010\nJohn H. Wyatt (63)\nSenior Vice President & President, Stanley Outdoor since January 2021. Senior Vice President & President, Stanley Outdoor and Aerospace (2020); President, Stanley Engineered Fastening (2016); President, Sales & Marketing - Global Tools & Storage (2015); President, Construction & DIY, Europe and ANZ (2012); President, Construction & DIY, EMEA (2010); President-Europe, Middle East, and Africa, Power Tools and Accessories, The Black & Decker Corporation (2008); Vice President-Consumer Products (Europe, Middle East and Africa), The Black & Decker Corporation (2006).\n3/12/2010\nRobert H. Raff (55)\nHead of Outdoor Integration since July 2021. President, Stanley Security  (2016); President, Stanley Electronic Security North America (2015); President, North America Sales, Construction & DIY (2010); President, Stanley National Hardware (2007); Vice President of Latin America, Construction & DIY (2005); General Manager, Construction & DIY (2002).\n4/19/2018\nGraham N. Robinson (53)\nSenior Vice President & President, Stanley Industrial since April 2020. President, Honeywell Industrial Safety (Honeywell International) (2018); President, Honeywell Sensing and Internet of Things (Honeywell International) (2016); Chief Marketing Officer and Vice President, Global Strategy & Marketing, Automation and Control Solutions (Honeywell International) (2014).\n4/17/2020\nStephen Subasic (53)\nSenior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2021. Vice President, Human Resources & Corporate Talent Management (2019); Vice President, Human Resources, Global Tools & Storage (2015); Vice President, Human Resources, Construction & DIY (2011). \n2/18/2021\n55\nITEM\u00a011.\u00a0EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION\nThe information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the sections entitled \"Compensation Discussion & Analysis\" and \u201c2021 Executive Compensation\u201d of the Company\u2019s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation\u00a014A under the Exchange Act within 120\u00a0days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form\u00a010-K.\nITEM\u00a012. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS\nThe information required by Item\u00a0403 of Regulation\u00a0S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the sections entitled \"Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners,\" \"Security Ownership of Directors and Officers,\" \"Compensation Discussion & Analysis\" and \u201c2021 Executive Compensation\u201d of the Company\u2019s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation\u00a014A under the Exchange Act within 120\u00a0days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form\u00a010-K.\nEQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION\nCompensation plans under which the Company\u2019s equity securities are authorized for issuance at January\u00a01, 2022 follow:\n\u00a0\n(A)\n(B)\n(C)\nPlan Category\nNumber of\u00a0securities\u00a0to\u00a0be\nissued\u00a0upon\u00a0exercise\u00a0of\noutstanding\u00a0options\u00a0and\u00a0stock awards\n\u00a0\nWeighted-average\u00a0exercise\nprice of outstanding options\n\u00a0\nNumber of securities\nremaining available for\nfuture issuance under equity\ncompensation plans\n(excluding securities\nreflected in column (A))\n\u00a0\nEquity compensation plans approved by security holders\n7,561,496\u00a0\n(1)\n$\n151.46\u00a0\n(2)\n6,648,660\u00a0\n(3)\nEquity compensation plans not approved by security holders \n(4)\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\nTotal\n7,561,496\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n$\n151.46\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n6,648,660\u00a0\n\u00a0\n(1)\nConsists of 5,573,672 shares underlying outstanding stock options (whether vested or unvested) with a weighted-average exercise price of $151.46 and a weighted-average term of 7.04 years; 1,877,887 shares underlying time-vesting restricted stock units that have not yet vested and the maximum number of shares that will be issued pursuant to outstanding performance awards if all established goals are met; and 109,937 of shares earned but related to which participants elected deferral of delivery. All stock-based compensation plans are discussed in \nNote J, Capital Stock\n, of the \nNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements\n in \nItem\u00a08\n.\n(2)\nThere is no cost to the recipient for shares issued pursuant to time-vesting restricted stock units or performance awards. Because there is no strike price applicable to these stock awards they are excluded from the weighted-average exercise price which pertains solely to outstanding stock options.\n(3)\nConsists of 1,388,655 of shares available for purchase under the employee stock purchase plan (\"ESPP\") at the election of employees and 5,260,005 securities available for future grants by the Board of Directors under stock-based compensation plans. On January 22, 2018, the Board of Directors adopted the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (the \"2018 Plan\") and authorized the issuance of 16,750,000 shares of the Company's common stock in connection with the awards pursuant to the 2018 Plan. No further awards will be issued under the Company's 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan.\n(4)\nU.S. non-highly compensated employees are eligible to contribute from 1% to 25% of their salary to a qualified tax deferred savings plan as described in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan (\"ESOP\") section of \nNote\u00a0L, Employee Benefit Plans, \nof the\n Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements \nin\n Item 8. \nThe Company contributes an amount equal to one half of the employee contribution up to the first 7% of salary.\u00a0There is a non-qualified tax deferred savings plan for highly compensated salaried employees which mirrors certain qualified plan provisions, but was not specifically approved by security holders.\u00a0 Eligible highly compensated salaried U.S. employees are eligible to contribute from 1% to 50% of their salary to the non-qualified tax deferred savings plan.\u00a0The same matching arrangement was provided for highly compensated salaried employees in the non-qualified plan, to the extent the match was not fully met in the qualified plan, except that the arrangement for these employees is outside of the ESOP, and is not funded in advance of distributions. Effective January 1, 2019, the Company, at its discretion, will determine whether matching and core contributions will be made for the non-qualified tax deferred savings plan for a particular year. If the Company decides to make matching contributions for a year, it will make contributions, in an amount determined at its discretion, that may constitute part or all of or more than the matching contributions that would have been made pursuant to the provisions of the Stanley Black & Decker Supplemental Retirement Account Plan that were \n56\nin effect prior to 2019. For both qualified and non-qualified plans, the investment of the employee\u2019s contribution and the Company\u2019s matching contribution is controlled by the employee and may include an election to invest in Company stock. Shares of the Company\u2019s common stock may be issued at the time of a distribution from the qualified plan. The number of securities remaining available for issuance under the plans at January\u00a01, 2022 is not determinable, since the plans do not authorize a maximum number of securities.\n57\nITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE\nThe information required by Items\u00a0404 and 407(a) of Regulation\u00a0S-K is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the sections entitled \"Corporate Governance,\" \"Director Independence\" and \"Related Person Transactions\" of the Company\u2019s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation\u00a014A under the Exchange Act within 120\u00a0days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form\u00a010-K.\nITEM\u00a014. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES\nThe information required by Item\u00a09(e) of Schedule\u00a014A is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the section entitled \u201cFees of Independent Auditors\u201d of the Company\u2019s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation\u00a014A under the Exchange Act within 120\u00a0days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on\u00a0Form\u00a010-K.\nPART\u00a0IV\nITEM\u00a015. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE\n(a)\u00a0Index to documents filed as part of this report:\n1.\u00a0and 2. Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule.\nThe response to this portion of Item\u00a015 is submitted as a separate section of this report beginning with an index thereto on page\u00a059.\n3.\u00a0Exhibits\nSee Exhibit\u00a0Index in this Form\u00a010-K on page\u00a0128.\n(b)\u00a0See Exhibit\u00a0Index in this Form\u00a010-K on page\u00a0128.\n(c)\u00a0The response in this portion of Item\u00a015 is submitted as a separate section of this Form\u00a010-K with an index thereto beginning on page\u00a059.\n58\nFORM\u00a010-K\nITEM\u00a015(a) (1)\u00a0AND (2)\nSTANLEY BLACK\u00a0& DECKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES\nINDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE\n\u00a0\nSchedule\u00a0II\u00a0\u2014 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts is included in Item\u00a015 (page\u00a062).\nManagement\u2019s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (page\u00a063).\nReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 000\n42\n)\u00a0\u2014 Financial Statement Opinion (page\u00a064).\nReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm\u00a0\u00a0\u2014 Internal Control Opinion (page\u00a067).\nConsolidated Statements of Operations\u00a0\u2014 fiscal years ended January 1, 2022, January 2, 2021, and December 28, 2019  (page\u00a069).\nConsolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income \u2014 fiscal years ended January 1, 2022, January 2, 2021, and December 28, 2019 (page\u00a070).\nConsolidated Balance Sheets\u00a0\u2014 January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 (page\u00a071).\nConsolidated Statements of Cash Flows\u00a0\u2014 fiscal years ended January 1, 2022, January 2, 2021, and  December 28, 2019 (page\u00a072).\nConsolidated Statements of Changes in Shareowners\u2019 Equity\u00a0\u2014 fiscal years ended January 1, 2022, January 2, 2021, and December 28, 2019 (page\u00a074).\nNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (page\u00a075).\nSelected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) (page\u00a0126).\nConsent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Exhibit\u00a023).\nAll other schedules are omitted because either they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto.\n59\nITEM\u00a016.\u00a0FORM 10-K SUMMARY\nNot applicable.\n60\nSIGNATURES\nPursuant to the requirements of Section\u00a013 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.\nSTANLEY BLACK\u00a0& DECKER, INC.\nBy:\n/s/ James M. Loree\nJames M. Loree, Chief Executive Officer\nDate:\nFebruary 22, 2022\nPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.\nSignature\n\u00a0\u00a0\nTitle\n\u00a0\u00a0\nDate\n\u00a0\n/s/ James M. Loree\n\u00a0\u00a0\nChief\u00a0Executive\u00a0Officer\n\u00a0\u00a0\nFebruary 22, 2022\n\u00a0\u00a0\nJames M. Loree\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n/s/ Donald Allan, Jr.\n\u00a0\u00a0\nPresident\u00a0and\u00a0Chief\u00a0Financial\u00a0Officer\n\u00a0\u00a0\nFebruary 22, 2022\n\u00a0\u00a0\nDonald Allan, Jr.\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n/s/ Jocelyn S. Belisle\n\u00a0\u00a0\nVice President and Chief Accounting Officer\n\u00a0\u00a0\nFebruary 22, 2022\n\u00a0\u00a0\nJocelyn S. Belisle\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n*\n\u00a0\u00a0\nDirector\n\u00a0\u00a0\nFebruary 22, 2022\nAndrea J. Ayers\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n*\n\u00a0\u00a0\nDirector\n\u00a0\u00a0\nFebruary 22, 2022\n\u00a0\u00a0\nGeorge W. Buckley\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n*\n\u00a0\u00a0\nDirector\nFebruary 22, 2022\n\u00a0\u00a0\nPatrick D. Campbell\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n*\n\u00a0\u00a0\nDirector\n\u00a0\u00a0\nFebruary 22, 2022\n\u00a0\u00a0\nCarlos M. Cardoso\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n*\n\u00a0\u00a0\nDirector\n\u00a0\u00a0\nFebruary 22, 2022\n\u00a0\u00a0\nRobert B. Coutts\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n*\n\u00a0\u00a0\nDirector\n\u00a0\u00a0\nFebruary 22, 2022\nDebra A. Crew\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n*\n\u00a0\u00a0\nDirector\n\u00a0\u00a0\nFebruary 22, 2022\n\u00a0\u00a0\nMichael D. Hankin\n\u00a0\u00a0\n\u00a0\u00a0\n*\nDirector\nFebruary 22, 2022\nJane M. Palmieri\n*\nDirector\nFebruary 22, 2022\nMojdeh Poul\n*\nDirector\nFebruary 22, 2022\nIrving Tan\n*By:\u00a0\n/s/ Janet M. Link\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\nJanet M. Link\n(As Attorney-in-Fact)\n61\nSchedule\u00a0II\u00a0\u2014 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts\nStanley Black\u00a0& Decker, Inc. and Subsidiaries\nFiscal years ended January\u00a01, 2022, January\u00a02, 2021, and December\u00a028, 2019 \n(Millions of Dollars)\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nADDITIONS\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nBeginning\nBalance\nCharged\u00a0To\nCosts And\nExpenses\nCharged\nTo Other\nAccounts (b)\n(a)\nDeductions\nEnding\nBalance\nAllowance for Credit Losses:\nYear Ended 2021\n$\n110.9\n\u00a0\n$\n3.9\n\u00a0\n$\n3.9\n\u00a0\n$\n(\n15.6\n)\n$\n103.1\n\u00a0\nYear Ended 2020\n$\n94.1\n\u00a0\n$\n29.0\n\u00a0\n$\n8.5\n\u00a0\n$\n(\n20.7\n)\n$\n110.9\n\u00a0\nYear Ended 2019\n$\n81.1\n\u00a0\n$\n26.3\n\u00a0\n$\n(\n4.8\n)\n$\n(\n8.5\n)\n$\n94.1\n\u00a0\nTax Valuation Allowance:\nYear Ended 2021 (c)\n$\n1,001.9\n\u00a0\n$\n190.7\n\u00a0\n$\n61.1\n\u00a0\n$\n(\n186.5\n)\n$\n1,067.2\n\u00a0\nYear Ended 2020\n$\n1,006.4\n\u00a0\n$\n296.9\n\u00a0\n$\n(\n18.2\n)\n$\n(\n283.2\n)\n$\n1,001.9\n\u00a0\nYear Ended 2019\n$\n573.6\n\u00a0\n$\n452.1\n\u00a0\n$\n1.2\n\u00a0\n$\n(\n20.5\n)\n$\n1,006.4\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n(a)\nWith respect to the allowance for credit losses, deductions represent amounts charged-off less recoveries of accounts previously charged-off.\n(b)\nAmounts represent the impact of foreign currency translation, acquisitions and net transfers to/from other accounts.\n(c)\nRefer to \nNote Q, Income Taxes\n, of the \nNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements\n in \nItem 8\n for further discussion.\nThe prior year amounts in the table above have been recast to exclude the amounts relating to businesses classified as discontinued operations. Refer to \nNote T, Divestitures\n, of the \nNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements\n in ", "item7a": ">ITEM\u00a07A.\u00a0QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK\nThe Company incorporates by reference the material captioned \u201cMarket Risk\u201d in ", "companyName": "STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC", "cusip": "854502101"}