{"item1": ">Item 1. \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Business\nGeneral Corporate Overview\nThe Charles Schwab Corporation (CSC) is a savings and loan holding company. CSC engages, through its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as Schwab or the Company), in wealth management, securities brokerage, banking, asset management, custody, and financial advisory services. At December\u00a031, 2021, Schwab had $8.14 trillion\u00a0in client assets,\u00a033.2 million active brokerage accounts, 2.2 million corporate retirement plan participants, and 1.6 million banking accounts.\nPrincipal business subsidiaries of CSC include the following:\n\u2022\nCharles Schwab & Co., Inc. (CS&Co), incorporated in 1971, a securities broker-dealer;\n\u2022\nTD Ameritrade, Inc., an introducing securities broker-dealer;\n\u2022\nTD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc. (TDAC), a securities broker-dealer that provides trade execution and clearing services to TD Ameritrade, Inc.; \n\u2022\nCharles Schwab Bank, SSB (CSB), our principal banking entity; and\n\u2022\nCharles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. (CSIM), the investment advisor\u00a0for Schwab\u2019s proprietary mutual funds (Schwab\u00a0Funds\n\u00ae\n) and for Schwab\u2019s exchange-traded funds (Schwab ETFs\n\u2122\n).\nUnless otherwise indicated, the terms \u201cSchwab,\u201d \u201cthe Company,\u201d \u201cwe,\u201d \u201cus,\u201d or \u201cour\u201d mean CSC together with its consolidated subsidiaries.\nSchwab provides financial services to individuals and institutional clients through two segments \u2013 Investor Services and Advisor Services. The Investor Services segment provides retail brokerage, investment advisory, and banking and trust services to individual investors, and retirement plan services, as well as other corporate brokerage services, to businesses and their employees. The Advisor Services segment provides custodial, trading, banking and trust, and support services, as well as retirement business services, to independent registered investment advisors (RIAs), independent retirement advisors, and recordkeepers. These services are further described in the segment discussion below.\nEffective January 1, 2021, CSC changed the designation of its corporate headquarters from San Francisco, California to Westlake, Texas. The Company maintains a nationwide presence across a network of branches and operations centers, and our Westlake location provides a centrally located hub for the Company.\nBusiness Strategy and Competitive Environment \nSchwab was founded on the belief that all Americans deserve access to a better investing experience. Although much has changed in the intervening years, our purpose remains clear \u2013 to champion every client\u2019s goals with passion and integrity. Guided by this purpose and our vision of creating the most trusted leader in investment services, management has adopted a strategy described as \u201cThrough Clients\u2019 Eyes.\u201d\nThis strategy emphasizes placing clients\u2019 perspectives, needs, and desires at the forefront. Because investing plays a fundamental role in building financial security, we strive to deliver a better investing experience for our clients \u2013 individual investors and the people and institutions who serve them \u2013 by disrupting longstanding industry practices on their behalf and providing superior service. We also aim to offer a broad range of products and solutions to meet client needs with a focus on transparency, value, and trust. In addition, management works to couple Schwab\u2019s scale and resources with ongoing expense discipline to keep costs low and ensure that products and solutions are affordable as well as responsive to client needs. In combination, these are the key elements of our \u201cno trade-offs\u201d approach to serving investors. We believe that following this strategy is the best way to maximize our market valuation and stockholder returns over time.\nManagement estimates that investable wealth in the United States (U.S.) (consisting of assets in defined contribution, retail wealth management and brokerage, and registered investment advisor channels, along with bank deposits) currently exceeds $70\u00a0trillion, which means the Company\u2019s $8.14\u00a0trillion in client assets leaves substantial opportunity for growth. Our strategy is based on the principle that developing trusted relationships will translate into more assets from both new and \n- 1 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nexisting clients, ultimately driving more revenue, and along with expense discipline and thoughtful capital management, will generate earnings growth and build long-term stockholder value.\nWithin Investor Services, our competition in serving individual investors spans brokerage, wealth management, and asset management firms, as well as banks and trust companies. In the Advisor Services arena, we compete with institutional custodians, traditional and discount brokers, banks, and trust companies.\nAcross both segments, our key competitive advantages are:\n\u2022\nScale and Size of the Business \u2013\u00a0As one of the largest investment services firms in the U.S., we are able to spread operating costs and amortize new investments over a large base of clients, and harness the resources to evolve capabilities to meet client needs.\n\u2022\nOperating Efficiency \u2013 Coupled with scale, our operating efficiency and sharing of infrastructure across different businesses creates a cost advantage that enables us to competitively price products and services while profitably serving clients of various sizes across multiple channels.\n\u2022\nOperating Structure \u2013 Providing bank and asset management services to broker-dealer clients helps serve a wider array of needs, thereby deepening relationships, enhancing the stability of client assets, and enabling diversified revenue streams. \n\u2022\nBrand and Corporate Reputation \u2013 In an industry dependent on trust, Schwab\u2019s reputation and brand across multiple constituents enable us to attract clients and employees while credibly introducing new products to the market.\n\u2022\nService Culture \u2013 Delivering a great client experience earns the trust and loyalty of clients and increases the likelihood that those clients will refer others.\n\u2022\nWillingness to Disrupt \u2013 Management\u2019s willingness to challenge the status quo, including our own business practices, to benefit clients fosters innovation and continuous improvement, which helps to attract more clients and assets.\nBusiness and Asset Acquisitions\nAcquisition of TD Ameritrade\nEffective October 6, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (TDA Holding) and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively referred to as \u201cTD Ameritrade\u201d or \u201cTDA\u201d). TD Ameritrade provides securities brokerage services, including trade execution, clearing services, and margin lending, through its broker-dealer subsidiaries; and futures and foreign exchange trade execution services through its futures commission merchant (FCM) and forex dealer member (FDM) subsidiary. \nTDA provides services to individual retail investors and to RIAs predominantly through the Internet, a national branch network, and relationships with RIAs. TD Ameritrade\u2019s sources of net revenues primarily consist of trading revenue, bank deposit account fees, net interest revenue, and asset management and administration fees. \n\u2022\nTDA\u2019s trading revenue includes commissions earned on trades of certain securities and derivatives, as well as order flow revenue. \n\u2022\nBank deposit account fees are earned through an insured deposit account agreement with TD Bank USA, National Association and TD Bank, National Association (together, the TD Depository Institutions), as well as bank deposit account sweep agreements with other third-party depository institutions, whereby uninvested cash held within eligible brokerage client accounts is swept into deposit accounts at the TD Depository Institutions and other third-party depository institutions. \n\u2022\nTDA\u2019s net interest revenue is generated primarily through margin lending, securities lending activity, as well as segregated and operating cash and investments. Interest-bearing liabilities primarily consist of interest-bearing payables to brokerage clients and long-term debt.\n\u2022\nTDA\u2019s asset management and administration fee revenue includes revenues earned on client assets invested in money market funds, other mutual funds, and certain investment programs. TDA\u2019s asset management and administration fees also include referral and asset-based program fees on its client assets managed by independent RIAs utilizing TDA\u2019s trading and investing platforms.\n- 2 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nIntegration Overview\nThe acquisition of TD Ameritrade significantly increases our scale to help support the Company\u2019s ongoing efforts to enhance the client experience, provide deeper resources for individual investors as well as RIAs, and continue to improve our operating efficiency. At the time the acquisition closed, TDA had approximately $1.6 trillion in client assets and approximately 14.5 million brokerage accounts. We are actively combining the respective strengths of Schwab and TD Ameritrade and investing in enhanced client experience capabilities to further our financial success for the benefit of clients, employees, and stockholders. \nWe expect to transition TDA clients to Schwab within 30 to 36 months from the October 6, 2020 date of acquisition. The Company has made significant progress in its efforts to reduce overlapping or redundant roles across the two firms and has largely completed the rationalization of CS&Co and TD Ameritrade, Inc. branch locations. These and other integration activities such as preparation for client transitions are expected to continue throughout the integration process. CS&Co, as well as TD Ameritrade, Inc. and TDAC, will continue to operate as separate broker-dealers to serve their respective clients while integration work continues. \nThroughout the integration, the Company plans to generally adopt Schwab platforms and systems, though we\u2019re committed to leveraging material advantages in TD Ameritrade\u2019s platforms when appropriate, as exemplified by our retention of TD Ameritrade\u2019s thinkorswim\n\u00ae\n and thinkpipes\n\u00ae\n trading platforms, education, and tools into our offerings for retail and RIA clients. We are also retaining TD Ameritrade Institutional\u2019s customizable portfolio rebalancing solution iRebal\n\u00ae\n as part of our offering for independent advisor clients. \nIDA Agreement\nConcurrently with the execution of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 24, 2019, as amended (the Merger Agreement), CSC entered into an amended and restated insured deposit account agreement with the TD Depository Institutions (the IDA agreement). In accordance with the IDA agreement, which became effective October 6, 2020, cash held in eligible brokerage client accounts is swept off-balance sheet to deposit accounts at the TD Depository Institutions. Schwab provides recordkeeping and support services to the TD Depository Institutions with respect to the deposit accounts for which Schwab receives an aggregate monthly fee. Under the IDA agreement, the service fee on client cash deposits held at the TD Depository Institutions was reduced, relative to TD Ameritrade\u2019s agreement prior to acquisition, by 40%, from 25\u00a0basis points to 15\u00a0basis points for the life of the agreement. Prior to our acquisition, under TDA\u2019s prior insured deposit account agreement with the TD Depository Institutions, TDA had floors in place which enabled it to carve-out up to $20\u00a0billion of floating-rate investments from the applicable service fee during specified low-rate environments. Pursuant to the IDA agreement, the 15\u00a0basis point service fee now applies across all designated fixed and floating IDA balances.\nSee \u201cPart II \u2013 Item\u00a08 \u2013 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2013 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements\u201d (Item\u00a08) \u2013 Note 3 for more information on the TD Ameritrade acquisition. See also \u201cPart II \u2013 Item 7 \u2013 Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Item 7) \u2013 Capital Management\u201d and Item 8 \u2013 Note 15 for additional information on the IDA agreement.\nAcquisition of Assets of USAA\u2019s Investment Management Company and Other Acquisitions\nOn May 26, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of the assets of USAA\u2019s Investment Management Company (USAA-IMCO). Along with the asset purchase agreement, the companies entered into a long-term referral agreement that makes Schwab the exclusive provider of wealth management and investment brokerage services for USAA members. The USAA-IMCO acquisition has added scale to the Company\u2019s operations through the addition of 1.1\u00a0million brokerage and managed portfolio accounts with approximately $80 billion in client assets at the acquisition date. The transaction also provides Schwab the opportunity to further expand our client base by serving USAA\u2019s members through the long-term referral agreement. See Item\u00a08 \u2013 Note 3 for more information on the USAA-IMCO acquisition.\nDuring 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of technology and intellectual property of Motif, a financial technology company. The Motif assets help us build on our existing capabilities and help accelerate our development of thematic and direct index investing for Schwab\u2019s retail investors and RIA clients. Also during 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of Wasmer, Schroeder & Company, LLC (Wasmer Schroeder), which adds established strategies and new separately managed account offerings to our fixed income lineup.\n- 3 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nProducts and Services\nSchwab offers a broad range of products and services through intuitive end-to-end solutions, including robust digital capabilities, to address our clients\u2019 varying investment and financial needs. Examples of these offerings include the following:\n\u2022\nBrokerage \u2013 an array of full-feature brokerage accounts with equity and fixed income trading, margin lending, options trading, futures and forex trading, and cash management capabilities including third-party certificates of deposit;\n\u2022\nMutual funds \u2013 third-party mutual funds through the Mutual Fund Marketplace\n\u00ae\n, including non-transaction fee mutual funds through the Mutual Fund OneSource\n\u00ae\n service, which also includes proprietary mutual funds, plus mutual fund trading and clearing services to broker-dealers;\n\u2022\nExchange-traded funds (ETFs) \u2013 an extensive offering of ETFs, including both proprietary and third-party ETFs; \n\u2022\nAdvice solutions \u2013 managed portfolios of both proprietary and third-party mutual funds and ETFs, separately managed accounts, customized personal advice for tailored portfolios, specialized planning, and full-time portfolio management;\n\u2022\nBanking \u2013 checking and savings accounts, first lien residential real estate mortgage loans (First Mortgages), home equity lines of credit (HELOCs), and pledged asset lines (PALs); and\n\u2022\nTrust \u2013 trust custody services, personal trust reporting services, and administrative trustee services.\nThese investing products and services are made available through two business segments \u2013 Investor Services and Advisor Services. Schwab\u2019s major sources of revenues are generated by both of the reportable segments, based on their respective levels of client assets and activity. Revenue is attributable to a reportable segment based on which segment has the primary responsibility for serving the client. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Item\u00a08 \u2013 Note 2. \nInvestor Services\nCharles Schwab initially founded the Company over 40 years ago to provide individual investors with access to the financial markets at a highly competitive cost. The Company has expanded offerings over time in response to client needs, aiming to provide a compelling and often disruptive solution in the marketplace. The Investor Services segment includes the Retail Investor, Stock Plan Services, Retirement Plan Services, Compliance Solutions, Mutual Fund Clearing Services, and Off-Platform Sales business units. \nThrough the Retail Investor business unit,\u00a0we offer individual investors access to a broad set of products, tools, education, trading, and advisory solutions. We provide advice and guidance through various relationship models. And we offer award-winning and 24/7 service to all our clients, regardless of asset levels, via a multi-channel service delivery model, which includes online, mobile, telephone, and branch support.\nWe believe in the power of investing and the importance of planning in helping clients achieve their financial goals. At the core of our offer is our broad set of relationship models that help personalize the investing journey for our clients and offer them the choice of where, when, and how they do business with us. Financial Consultants, Active Trader Financial Consultants, and Wealth Consultants in Schwab\u2019s branches and regional centers focus on building client relationships. We also have a range of roles to support clients with a broad set of specialized needs, including financial planning, managed investing, estate management, equity compensation and lending. Additionally, we have teams focused on supporting the advice and education needs of all our clients irrespective of asset levels at Schwab.\nOur advisory solutions span a broad range of discretionary and non-discretionary choices, with minimum investments starting as low as $5,000, making it accessible to a broad set of investors. Our premier advisory solution, Schwab Private Client\u2122, features a personal advice relationship with a designated Private Client Advisor, supported by a team of investment professionals who provide individualized service, a customized investment strategy developed in collaboration with the client, and ongoing guidance and execution. We also offer referrals to an independent RIA in the Schwab Advisor Network\n\u00ae\n. These RIAs provide personalized portfolio management, financial planning, and wealth management solutions. For clients seeking a relationship in which investment decisions are fully delegated to a financial professional, Schwab offers several alternatives. We provide investors access to professional investment management in a diversified account that is invested exclusively in either mutual funds or ETFs through the Schwab Managed Portfolios\u2122 and the Windhaven Investment Management\n\u00ae\n Strategies, or equity securities and ETFs through the ThomasPartners Investment Management\n\u00ae\n Strategies. Through our acquisition of Wasmer Schroeder in 2020, more than 20\u00a0fixed income strategies and new separately \n- 4 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nmanaged account offerings have been made available to retail clients beginning in 2021, including two positive impact strategies and a multi-sector income strategy. The positive impact strategies utilize socially responsible investing, or a general investing strategy that considers not only traditional measures of risk and return, but environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG) factors as well. We also refer investors who want to utilize a specific third-party money manager to direct a portion of their investment assets to the Schwab Managed Account\n\u2122\n program. Schwab Intelligent Portfolios\n\u00ae\n, available since 2015, are for clients who are looking to have their assets professionally managed via a fully automated online investment advisory service. Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Premium\n\u00ae\n, a hybrid advisory service, offers clients an advisory service which combines unlimited guidance provided by a C\nERTIFIED\n F\nINANCIAL\n P\nLANNER\n\u2122\n and our robo-advice technology to make financial and investment planning more accessible to investors. Schwab Intelligent Income\n\u00ae\n is a low-cost solution designed to offer a simple, modern way to generate income from existing investment portfolios.\nClients of TD Ameritrade also have access to a suite of programs designed to meet their specific investment advisory needs. TDA\u2019s Selective Portfolios offers a broader range of goal-oriented portfolios made up of mutual funds and ETFs, through a combination of automated technology and professional insights. TDA\u2019s Personalized Portfolios offers clients tailored portfolios, supported by a team of investment professionals. Finally, TDA\u2019s AdvisorDirect\n\u00ae\n referral program provides clients with an introduction to an independent RIA that can assist in developing customized investment strategies around their unique goals.\nFurther, given our belief in the importance of financial planning, we offer a broad set of planning capabilities addressing a variety of planning needs. Our solutions include simple, free digital retirement calculators, our complimentary Digital Schwab\n\u00ae\n Plan available to all Schwab clients, as well as more complex planning solutions that are delivered by a Schwab representative who takes into account a client\u2019s personal and financial goals to build a tailored financial plan.\nTo meet the specific needs of clients who actively trade, Schwab offers integrated web- and software-based trading platforms, real-time market data, options trading, premium stock and futures research, and multi-channel access, as well as sophisticated account and trade management features, risk management and decision support tools, and dedicated personal support. For example, clients that trade more actively can use these channels to access highly competitive pricing, expert tools, and extensive service capabilities \u2013 including experienced, knowledgeable teams of trading specialists, and integrated product offerings. TD Ameritrade offers clients the robust thinkorswim\n\u00ae\n trading platform designed for the specialized needs of active traders, the Trading Learning Center to help build client knowledge through sequenced courses, the TDA Network, in-house financial network programming, and a trading community platform allowing traders to share ideas.\nFor U.S. clients wishing to invest in foreign equities, Schwab offers a suite of global investing capabilities, including online access to certain foreign equity markets with the ability to trade in their local currencies. In addition, Schwab serves both foreign investors and non-English-speaking U.S. clients who wish to trade or invest in U.S. dollar-based securities.\nWe also offer clients a range of self-service education and support tools, providing quick and efficient access to a broad lineup of information, research, tools, and administrative services, which clients can access according to their needs. Educational tools include workshops, webcasts, podcasts, interactive courses, and online information about investing, from which Schwab does not earn revenue. Since 2020, we\u2019ve maintained virtual events to engage with retail and institutional clients amidst an unprecedented climate. Additionally, we provide various online research and analysis tools that are designed to help clients achieve better investment outcomes. As an example of analysis tools available to clients, Schwab Equity Ratings\n\u00ae\n is a quantitative model-based stock rating system that provides all clients with ratings on approximately 3,000 stocks, assigning each equity a single grade: A, B, C, D, or F. Schwab Equity Ratings International\n\u00ae\n, an international ranking methodology, covers stocks of approximately 4,000\u00a0foreign companies. Another example of expanding access to investing includes Schwab Stock Slices\u2122, a service which enables investors to purchase a single stock slice, or up to 10\u00a0different stock slices at once, from the S&P 500\n\u00ae \ncommission-free through our online channels.\nWe also offer equity compensation plan sponsors full-service recordkeeping for stock plans, stock options, restricted stock, performance shares, stock appreciation rights, and a full range of participant support services through our Stock Plan Services business unit. Specialized services for executive transactions and reporting, grant acceptance tracking, and other services are offered to employers to meet the needs of administering the reporting and compliance aspects of an equity compensation plan. \nOur Retirement Plan Services business unit offers a bundled 401(k) retirement plan product that provides retirement plan sponsors with extensive investment options, trustee or custodial services, and participant-level recordkeeping. Retirement plan design features, which increase plan efficiency and achieve employer goals, are also offered, such as automatic \n- 5 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nenrollment, automatic fund mapping at conversion, and automatic contribution increases. In addition to an open architecture investment platform, we offer access to low cost index mutual funds and ETFs. Individuals investing for retirement through 401(k) plans can take advantage of bundled offerings of multiple investment choices, education, and third-party advice. This third-party advice service is delivered online, by phone, or in person, including recommendations based on the core investment fund choices in their retirement plan and specific recommended savings rates. Services also include support for Roth 401(k) accounts, profit sharing, defined benefit plans, non-qualified plans, and Schwab Personal Choice Retirement Account\n\u00ae\n, a self-directed brokerage offering for retirement plans administered by Retirement Business Services within our Advisor Services segment.\nLastly, the Mutual Fund Clearing Services business unit provides open-end mutual fund trading, settlement, and related transactional services to banks, brokerage firms, and trust companies, and the Off-Platform Sales business unit offers proprietary mutual funds, ETFs, and collective trust funds (CTFs) outside the Company and not on the Schwab platform. They are included within the Investor Services segment given their leveraging of the products and services offered to individual investors. \nAdvisor Services\nMore than thirty years ago, Schwab supported a small group of entrepreneurial advisors who challenged the industry by creating independent firms. Through the Advisor Services segment, Schwab has become one of the largest providers of custodial, trading, banking, and support services to RIAs and their clients. We also provide retirement business services to independent retirement advisors and recordkeepers. Management believes that we can maintain our market position primarily through the efforts of our sales, support, technology, and business consulting service teams, which are dedicated to helping RIAs grow, compete, and succeed in serving their clients. In addition to focusing on superior service, we utilize technology to provide RIAs with a highly-developed, scalable platform for administering their clients\u2019 assets easily and efficiently. Advisor Services sponsors and hosts a variety of national, regional, local, and virtual events designed to help RIAs of all sizes and complexities identify and implement better ways to expand and efficiently manage their practices.\nRIAs who custody client accounts at Schwab may use proprietary software that provides them with up-to-date client account information as well as trading capabilities. The Advisor Services website is the core platform for RIAs to conduct daily business activities online with Schwab, including viewing and managing client account information and accessing news and market information. The website provides account servicing capabilities for RIAs, including account opening, money movement, transfer of assets, trading, checking status, and communicating with our service team. The site provides multi-year archiving of statements, trade confirms, and tax reports, along with document search capabilities. We also provide access to integrations with third-party platforms, which support a variety of advisor needs including client relationship management, portfolio management systems, trade order management, and financial planning. As an example, we offer Schwab Advisor Portfolio Connect\n\u00ae\n, a simplified portfolio management solution that is available free of charge to advisors to manage Schwab accounts. It delivers core capabilities and features through an intuitive modern experience, without the need to download and reconcile data.\nThe Advisor Services website also provides interactive tools, educational content, and thought leadership for advisors turning independent. We offer a variety of services to help RIAs grow and manage their practices, including business, technology, and operations consulting on a range of topics critical to an RIA\u2019s success, as well as an annual RIA benchmarking study to help firms understand key business metrics relative to peers. We also offer an array of services to help advisors establish their own independent practices through a robust prospect consulting offer. To support them throughout their transition, we offer access to business start-up and transition consultants, technology engineers, and dedicated service teams.\nSchwab provides extensive educational materials, programs, and events to RIAs seeking to expand their knowledge of industry issues and trends, as well as sharpen their individual expertise and practice management skills. We conduct industry research on an ongoing basis, and hold a series of events and conferences every year to discuss topics of interest to RIAs, including business strategies and best practices. Schwab sponsors and hosts the annual IMPACT\n\u00ae\n conference, which provides a national forum for the Company, RIAs, and other industry participants to gather and share information and insights, as well as a multitude of smaller events across the country each year.\nRIAs and their clients have access to our broad range of products and services, including individual securities, mutual funds, ETFs, fixed income products, managed accounts, cash products, bank lending, and trust services. By functioning as the custodian, Schwab earns revenue associated with the underlying client assets, predominantly through net interest revenue and asset management and administration fees. In this capacity, we do not charge the RIA or end client a custody fee. \n- 6 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nFor RIAs on the TD Ameritrade Institutional platform, TD Ameritrade\u2019s thinkpipes\n\u00ae\n trading platform offers a multitude of features, including real-time charting and efficient trading and allocation. The Company is working to integrate thinkpipes into its ongoing offerings as well as TD Ameritrade Institutional\u2019s customizable portfolio rebalancing solution iRebal\n\u00ae\n as part of our offering for RIA clients.\nThe Advisor Services segment also includes the Retirement Business Services business unit. Retirement Business Services provides trust, custody, and retirement business services to independent retirement plan advisors and independent recordkeepers. Retirement plan assets are held at Charles Schwab Trust Bank (Trust Bank) or trusteed by a separate, independent trustee. The Company and independent retirement plan providers work together to serve plan sponsors, combining the consulting and administrative expertise of the administrator with our investment, technology, trust, and custodial services. Retirement Business Services also offers the Schwab Personal Choice Retirement Account\n\u00ae\n, a self-directed brokerage offering for retirement plans.\nSources of Net Revenues\nSchwab\u2019s largest sources of net revenues are net interest revenue, asset management and administration fees, trading revenue, and bank deposit account fees. These revenue streams are supported by the combination of bank, broker-dealer, and asset management operating subsidiaries, each of which brings specific capabilities that enable us to provide clients with the products and services they\u00a0are seeking. \nNet interest revenue is the difference between interest generated on interest-earning assets and interest paid on funding sources. Schwab\u2019s primary funding source for interest-earning assets is uninvested client cash balances held on our balance sheet as part of clients\u2019 overall relationship with the Company. Schwab\u2019s interest-earning assets are primarily comprised of high-quality fixed income securities, margin loans, and bank loans.\nThe majority of asset management and administration fees are earned from proprietary money market mutual funds, proprietary and third-party mutual funds and ETFs, and fee-based advisory solutions.\nTrading revenue includes commissions earned for executing trades for clients in certain individual equities, options, futures, fixed income securities, and certain third-party mutual funds and ETFs; order flow revenue; and principal transaction revenue earned primarily from actions to support client trading in fixed income securities. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, Schwab eliminated online trading commissions for U.S. and Canadian-listed stocks and ETFs, as well as the base charge on options. \nBank deposit account fees are primarily recognized pursuant to the Company\u2019s IDA agreement, as well as sweep agreements with other third-party depository institutions. Under these agreements, uninvested cash within eligible brokerage client accounts is swept off-balance sheet to deposit accounts at the TD Depository Institutions and other third-party depository institutions. Schwab provides recordkeeping and support services to the TD Depository Institutions and other third-party depository institutions for bank deposit account fees. \nRegulation\nAs a participant in the securities, banking and financial services industries, Schwab is subject to extensive regulation under both federal and state laws by governmental agencies, supervisory authorities, and self-regulatory organizations (SROs). We are also subject to oversight by regulatory bodies in other countries in which we operate. These regulations affect our business operations and impose capital, client protection, and market conduct requirements.\nHolding Company and Bank Regulation\nCSC is a savings and loan holding company and is regulated, supervised, and examined by the Federal Reserve. On March\u00a016, 2021, CSC\u2019s declaration electing to be treated as a Financial Holding Company (FHC) was deemed effective by the Federal Reserve. In addition to the activities that a savings and loan holding company that has not elected to be treated as an FHC is permitted to conduct, the Company may now also engage in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity (FHC Activities), including securities underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities, various insurance underwriting activities, and making merchant banking investments in non-financial companies.\nThe Federal Reserve has the authority to limit an FHC\u2019s ability to conduct otherwise permissible FHC Activities if the FHC or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet the applicable eligibility requirements, including requirements \n- 7 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nthat the FHC and each of its depository institution subsidiaries maintain their status as \u201cwell-capitalized\u201d and \u201cwell-managed.\u201d If the Federal Reserve finds that an FHC fails to meet these requirements, the FHC and its subsidiaries may not commence any new FHC Activity, either de novo or through an acquisition, without prior Federal Reserve approval. The Federal Reserve may also impose any additional limitations or conditions on the conduct or activities of the FHC or any of its subsidiaries as it deems appropriate. If the FHC still fails to satisfy the applicable eligibility requirements 180 days after the Federal Reserve\u2019s finding, the agency may require divestiture of all of the FHC\u2019s depository institution subsidiaries or, alternatively, the FHC may elect to cease all of its FHC Activities. In addition, if any depository institution controlled by an FHC fails to maintain at least a \u201cSatisfactory\u201d rating under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (CRA), the FHC and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in additional FHC Activities. \nAs a result of our election to be treated as an FHC and the election of our \ndepository institution subsidiaries \nto be deemed savings associations under the Home Owners\u2019 Loan Act (HOLA), such subsidiaries may be prohibited from making loans or other extensions of credit to any affiliate unless that affiliate engages only in activities permissible under section 4(c) of the Bank Holding Company Act (BHC).\nCSC\u2019s three depository institution subsidiaries are CSB, CSC\u2019s principal depository institution subsidiary, Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB (CSPB), and Trust Bank. On March 20, 2020, CSB and CSPB converted from federal savings associations headquartered in Henderson, Nevada to Texas-chartered savings banks headquartered in Westlake, Texas. Trust Bank is a Nevada-chartered savings bank headquartered in Henderson, Nevada. CSB and CSPB are currently regulated, supervised, and examined by the Federal Reserve, the Texas Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), and the FDIC. Trust Bank is currently regulated, supervised and examined by the Nevada Financial Institutions Division, the CFPB, and the FDIC. CSC, CSB, CSPB, and Trust Bank are also subject to regulation and various requirements and restrictions under state and other federal laws.\nThis regulatory framework is designed to protect depositors and consumers, the safety and soundness of depository institutions and their holding companies, and the stability of the banking system as a whole. This framework affects the activities and investments of CSC and its subsidiaries and gives the regulatory authorities broad discretion in connection with their supervisory, examination and enforcement activities and policies. Below is a discussion of significant regulations. \nRegulatory Capital and Liquidity Framework\nBanking organizations are subject to the regulatory capital rules issued by the Federal Reserve and other U.S. banking regulators, including the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) and the FDIC. In addition to minimum risk-based capital requirements, banking organizations must hold additional capital, referred to as buffers, to avoid being subject to limits on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. \nIn October 2019, the Federal Reserve, OCC, and FDIC jointly adopted a final rule which became effective on December 31, 2019 (interagency regulatory capital and liquidity rules) that revised the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements for large U.S. banking organizations with $100\u00a0billion or more in total consolidated assets. The rules established four risk-based categories for determining the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to these institutions based on their total assets, cross-jurisdictional activity, weighted short-term wholesale funding, nonbank assets, and off-balance sheet exposure. CSC is subject to the requirements under Category III based on its total consolidated assets of between $250\u00a0billion and less than $700 billion and having less than $75\u00a0billion in cross-jurisdictional activity. If the average of our total consolidated assets for the four most recent calendar quarters is $700 billion or more, or the average of our cross-jurisdictional activity for the four most recent calendar quarters is $75 billion or more, we will move into Category\u00a0II. As of December 31, 2021, CSC had total consolidated assets of approximately $670 billion and cross-jurisdictional activity of approximately $32 billion. \nCapital requirements for Category III banking organizations include the generally applicable risk-based capital and Tier 1 leverage ratio requirements (the \u201cstandardized approach\u201d framework), the minimum 3.0% supplementary leverage ratio, the countercyclical capital buffer, which is currently 0%, and for large bank holding companies, the stress capital buffer. As discussed below, starting in 2022, CSC, as a large savings and loan holding company will also become subject to the stress capital buffer requirement. Under the revised capital requirements, Category III organizations are not subject to the \u201cadvanced approaches\u201d regulatory capital framework and are permitted to opt out of including accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) in their regulatory capital calculations. CSC made this opt out election, and commencing with the first quarter of 2020, now excludes AOCI from its regulatory capital. Category II organizations are not permitted to opt out of including AOCI in their regulatory capital calculations and have additional requirements for calculating risk-based capital ratios and risk-weighted assets.\nAs revised by the interagency regulatory capital and liquidity rules, Category III banking organizations with less than \n- 8 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\n$75\u00a0billion in average weighted short-term wholesale funding and their depository institution subsidiaries with $10 billion or more in total consolidated assets are subject to a reduced liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) rule requiring them to hold high quality liquid assets (HQLA) in an amount equal to at least 85% of their projected net cash outflows over a prospective 30-calendar-day period of acute liquidity stress, calculated on each business day. If an institution\u2019s average weighted short-term wholesale funding over the four most recent quarters is $75 billion or more, it will be required to comply with the full LCR rule and hold HQLA in an amount equal to 100% of its projected 30-day net cash outflows and will also be subject to daily (instead of monthly) liquidity reporting. We exceeded the $75\u00a0billion threshold as of the quarter ended March 31, 2021, and became subject to daily liquidity reporting on July 1, 2021, and the full LCR rule on October 1, 2021.\nIn October 2020, the Federal Reserve, OCC, and FDIC jointly adopted a final net stable funding ratio (NSFR) rule to strengthen the resilience of large bank and savings and loan holding companies by requiring them to maintain a minimum level of stable funding based on the liquidity characteristics of the holding company\u2019s assets, commitments, and derivative exposures over a one-year time horizon. The requirement is expressed as a ratio of a banking entity\u2019s available stable funding (ASF) to its required stable funding (RSF). Category III banking organizations with less than $75 billion in average weighted short-term wholesale funding and their depository institution subsidiaries with $10 billion or more in total consolidated assets are required to maintain ASF in an amount at least equal to 85% of its RSF on an ongoing, daily basis. The final NSFR rule became effective on July 1, 2021, and banking entities subject to the rule will be required to publicly disclose their quarterly NSFRs on a semi-annual basis beginning with the first and second quarters of 2023. As a result of our average weighted short-term wholesale funding exceeding the\n \n$75 billion threshold, we became subject to daily reporting of the NSFR to the Federal Reserve on July 1, 2021, and became subject to the full (100%) NSFR on October 1, 2021. \nCertain banking organizations with trading assets and trading liabilities above thresholds are subject to the Market Risk Rule and must adjust their risk-based capital ratios to reflect a measure of market risk of their trading activities, perform calculations to measure market risk, including back-testing, and make regular quantitative and qualitative public disclosures. CSC will become subject to the rule later in 2022.\nCapital Stress Testing\nIn the final enhanced prudential standards rules adopted concurrently in October 2019 with the interagency regulatory capital and liquidity rules, the Federal Reserve revised the capital stress testing regime applicable to savings and loan holding companies and state-chartered member banks. Under the new Federal Reserve capital stress testing rules, savings and loan holding companies that are Category III banking organizations are required to conduct biennial company-run stress tests in even-numbered years beginning in 2020. In 2020, CSC conducted company-run stress tests, reported the results of its stress testing to the Federal Reserve, and voluntarily published a summary of its stress test results. A Category II banking organization is subject to annual company-run stress testing.\n \nIn its enhanced prudential standards rules, the Federal Reserve also made Category III savings and loan holding companies subject to an annual supervisory stress testing requirement in which the Federal Reserve conducts its own stress testing analysis to evaluate the ability of a holding company to absorb losses in specified economic and financial conditions over a nine-quarter planning horizon using such analytical techniques as the agency determines are appropriate. This supervisory stress testing requirement will go into effect for CSC beginning with the 2022 stress testing cycle. To implement this requirement, the Federal Reserve also expanded the reporting requirements applicable to savings and loan holding companies commencing in the second quarter of 2020. \nIn January 2021, the Federal Reserve adopted a new rule making savings and loan holding companies with total consolidated assets of $100 billion or more, including CSC, subject to an annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) process, which requires submission of an annual capital plan to the Federal Reserve. The rule also imposes a stress capital buffer requirement, floored at 2.5 percent of risk-weighted assets, that will replace CSC\u2019s current 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer. The capital plan requirement became effective for CSC with the 2022 CCAR cycle, and CSC\u2019s initial stress capital buffer requirement will be based on its 2022 CCAR stress testing results. \nAdditional Enhanced Prudential Standards\nIn addition to the revisions to the capital stress testing regime discussed above, the Federal Reserve\u2019s enhanced prudential standards rules also extended the applicability of certain additional enhanced prudential standards to large savings and loan holding companies, with the specific requirements tailored based on the same four-category framework utilized in the interagency regulatory capital and liquidity rules. These additional enhanced prudential standards, which have been \n- 9 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\napplicable to large U.S. bank holding companies under section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act), include: risk management and risk committee requirements; liquidity risk management, stress testing, and buffer requirements; and single counterparty credit limits. CSC was required to comply with the new risk management and risk committee requirements, as well as the new liquidity risk-management, stress testing, and buffer requirements commencing on January 1, 2021. The single counterparty credit limits went into effect for CSC on January 1, 2022.\nInsured Depository Institution Resolution Plans\nThe FDIC requires insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of $50\u00a0billion or more to submit to the FDIC periodic plans providing for their resolution by the FDIC in the event of failure (resolution plans or so-called \u201cliving wills\u201d) under the receivership and liquidation provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Under this requirement, CSB has been required to file with the FDIC a periodic resolution plan demonstrating how the bank could be resolved in an orderly and timely manner in the event of receivership such that the FDIC would be able to: ensure that the bank\u2019s depositors receive access to their deposits within one business day; maximize the net present value of the bank\u2019s assets when disposed of; and minimize losses incurred by the bank\u2019s creditors. In April 2019, the FDIC imposed a moratorium on resolution plan submissions. In January 2021, the FDIC announced that it would resume requiring resolution plan submissions for insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of $100 billion or more and in June 2021, the FDIC announced a modified resolution plan approach for these insured depository institutions which extends the submission frequency to a three-year cycle, streamlines content requirements, and places enhanced emphasis on engagement with firms. \nAs a savings and loan holding company, CSC is not subject to any separate holding company resolution plan requirement. \nConsumer Financial Protection\nThe CFPB has broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement authority for a wide range of federal consumer protection laws relating to financial products. The CFPB has examination and primary enforcement authority over depository institutions with $10\u00a0billion or more in consolidated total assets.\nDeposit Insurance Assessments\nThe FDIC\u2019s Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) provides insurance coverage for certain deposits, generally up to $250,000 per depositor per account ownership type, and is funded by quarterly assessments on insured depository institutions. The FDIC uses a risk-based deposit premium assessment system that, for large insured depository institutions with at least $10\u00a0billion in total consolidated assets, uses a scorecard method based on a number of factors, including the institution\u2019s regulatory ratings, asset quality and brokered deposits. The deposit insurance assessment base is calculated as average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity.\nBrokered Deposits\nIn December 2020, the FDIC adopted amendments to its brokered deposits rule to establish a new framework for determining whether deposits made through arrangements between third parties and depository institutions constitute brokered deposits and more specifically to clarify the circumstances under which broker-dealers that place deposits with depository institutions through brokerage sweep arrangements such as CS&Co and TDAC qualify for the \u201cprimary purpose exception\u201d from the definition of a deposit broker. Under the new framework, the FDIC established a new \u201c25\u00a0percent\u201d business relationship designated exception where a broker-dealer or other third party may qualify for the primary purpose exception by filing a notice with the FDIC indicating that less than 25 percent of its customer assets under administration for a particular business line are placed at depository institutions. The FDIC\u2019s brokered deposit rule amendments became effective on April 1, 2021. Under the new framework, funds swept by our broker-dealer subsidiaries to CSB and Schwab\u2019s other depository institution subsidiaries continue to qualify for the primary purpose exception.\n- 10 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nCommunity Reinvestment Act\nThe CRA requires the primary federal bank regulatory agency for each of Schwab\u2019s depository institution subsidiaries to assess the subsidiary\u2019s record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by the bank, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods and persons. Institutions are assigned one of four ratings (\u201coutstanding,\u201d \u201csatisfactory,\u201d \u201cneeds to improve,\u201d or \u201csubstantial noncompliance\u201d). The failure of an institution to receive at least a \u201csatisfactory\u201d rating could inhibit the institution or its holding company from undertaking certain activities, including acquisitions or opening branch offices. \nSource of Strength\nThe Dodd-Frank Act codified the Federal Reserve\u2019s long-held position that a depository institution holding company must serve as a source of financial strength for its subsidiary depository institutions, the so-called \u201csource of strength doctrine.\u201d In effect, the holding company may be compelled to commit resources to support the subsidiary in the event the subsidiary is in financial distress.\nVolcker Rule \nCSC and its subsidiaries are subject to the Volcker Rule, which generally prohibits proprietary trading or acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in, sponsoring, or having certain relationships with hedge funds and private equity funds, subject to certain exemptions, in each case as the applicable terms are defined in the Volcker Rule and the implementing regulations. \nBroker-Dealer, FCM, FDM, and Investment Advisor Regulation \nOur principal broker-dealer subsidiaries, CS&Co, TD Ameritrade, Inc., and TDAC, are each registered as a broker-dealer with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC or Commission), the fifty states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. CS&Co, TD Ameritrade, Inc., CSIM, and certain of our other subsidiaries are registered as investment advisors with the SEC. Charles Schwab Futures and Forex LLC (CSFF, formerly known as TD Ameritrade Futures & Forex LLC) is registered as an FCM and FDM with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). \nMuch of the regulation of broker-dealers has been delegated to SROs. Our principal broker-dealers are each members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (MSRB). In addition, CS&Co is a member of Nasdaq Stock Market, Cboe EDGX and MEMX, and TDAC is a member of NYSE Arca, Nasdaq Stock Market, Cboe EDGX and MEMX. In addition to the SEC, the primary regulators of our principal broker-dealers are FINRA and, for municipal securities, the MSRB. The National Futures Association (NFA) is the primary regulator for CSFF\u2019s futures, commodities, and forex trading activities.\nThe principal purpose of regulating these entities is the protection of clients and securities markets. The regulations cover all aspects of the securities business, including, among other things, sales and trading practices, publication of research, margin lending, uses and safekeeping of clients\u2019 funds and securities, capital adequacy, recordkeeping and reporting, fee arrangements, disclosure to clients, fiduciary duties, and the conduct of directors, officers, and employees.\nOur principal broker-dealer entities are subject to Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Uniform Net Capital Rule) and related SRO requirements. The CFTC and NFA also impose net capital requirements. The Uniform Net Capital Rule specifies minimum capital requirements intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers. CSC itself is not a registered broker-dealer and it is not subject to the Uniform Net Capital Rule. \nThe Uniform Net Capital Rule prohibits broker-dealers from paying cash dividends, making unsecured advances or loans or repaying subordinated loans if such payment would result in a net capital amount of less than 5% of aggregate debit balances or less than 120% of its minimum dollar requirement.\nIn addition to net capital requirements, as a self-clearing broker-dealer, CS&Co, and as a clearing broker-dealer, TDAC, are subject to cash deposit and collateral requirements with clearing houses, such as the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation and Options Clearing Corporation, which may fluctuate significantly from time to time based upon the nature and size of clients\u2019 trading activity and market volatility.\n- 11 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nAs a result of our operations in countries outside the U.S., we are also subject to rules and regulations issued by certain foreign authorities, including the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) in the United Kingdom, the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) in Hong Kong, and the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) in Singapore.\nFinancial Services Regulation\nBank Secrecy Act of 1970 and USA PATRIOT Act of 2001\nCSC and its subsidiaries that conduct financial services activities are subject to the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (BSA), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, which requires financial institutions to develop and implement programs reasonably designed to achieve compliance with these regulations. The BSA and USA PATRIOT Act include a variety of monitoring, recordkeeping and reporting requirements (such as currency transaction reporting and suspicious activity reporting), as well as identity verification and client due diligence requirements which are intended to detect, report and/or prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. In addition, CSC and various subsidiaries of the Company are subject to U.S. sanctions programs administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control.\nHuman Capital\n \nWe believe that hiring people who share our corporate purpose of helping clients achieve their financial goals is an essential element of executing our \u201cThrough Clients\u2019 Eyes\u201d strategy, and we seek to attract, retain, and motivate the talent Schwab needs to successfully serve our clients and grow our business. As of December\u00a031, 2021, Schwab had full-time, part-time, and temporary employees, and persons employed on a contract basis, that represented the equivalent of approximately 33,400 full-time employees. \nSchwab offers a compensation package that rewards both employee and company performance. The package encompasses an array of compensation components in addition to base pay including performance-based incentive pay, equity awards, recognition awards, and a range of health and wellness benefits. We also offer benefits and resources designed to help our employees achieve their financial goals, including a 401(k) plan, an employee stock purchase plan, financial planning consultations, and disability and life insurance options. In addition, Schwab offers programs to help with employee career growth including development and leadership programs as well as reimbursement for qualified business-related education and training. We also encourage and empower employees to volunteer in the communities where we live and work, offering paid time off for every employee to volunteer in his or her community. \nAs we move through the COVID-19 pandemic, we\u2019ve created a Workplace Flexibility Program (WFP) to provide managers and employees with greater flexibility with remote work options. The WFP is designed to balance the importance our employees place on workplace flexibility with the benefit of in-person interactions to train and learn from one another, build human connections, and maintain Schwab\u2019s culture as we serve our clients.\nWe know that through workplace diversity, we gain a wider range of perspectives and experiences, which supports our strategy and helps us better serve our clients. We focus on attracting a diversity of talent by maintaining a strong employer brand and expanding where and how we meet prospective employees. We recruit from underrepresented communities through targeted campus recruiting, scholarship programs, and partnerships with professional organizations. We also offer coaching programs for college students from underrepresented communities to help develop career skills and learn about internship and career opportunities at Schwab. For Schwab employees, we support a number of Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) which are employee-driven and provide support, leadership development opportunities, and connection to our diverse marketplace. Our ERGs are made up of employees who share characteristics or life experiences and are committed to enhancing diversity and inclusion at Schwab. Additionally, our leaders are explicitly responsible for creating an environment where all people can do their best work, and for fostering the development of high-performance teams that recognize the value of diverse perspectives, skills and backgrounds. We regularly request feedback from our employees through surveys.\nAvailable Information\nSchwab files annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. The SEC filings are available to the public over the internet on the SEC\u2019s website at \nhttps://www.sec.gov\n. \nOn our website, \nhttps://www.aboutschwab.com\n, we post the following filings after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: annual reports on Form\u00a010-K, quarterly reports on Form\u00a010-Q, current reports on Form\u00a08-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In \n- 12 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\naddition, the website also includes the Dodd-Frank Act stress test results, our regulatory capital disclosures based on Basel\u00a0III, and our quarterly average LCR.\nAll such filings are available free of charge either on our website or by request via email (\ninvestor.relations@schwab.com\n), or mail (Charles Schwab Investor Relations at 211\u00a0Main\u00a0Street, San Francisco, CA 94105).", "item1a": ">Item 1A. \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Risk Factors\nWe face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price and many of those risks are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The following discussion addresses those risks that management believes are the most significant, although there may be other risks that could arise, or may prove to be more significant than expected, that may affect our operations or financial results.\nFor a discussion of our risk management governance and processes, including operational risk, compliance risk, credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk, see Risk Management and Capital Management in Part II, Item\u00a07.\nEconomic and Market Risks\nThe challenging economic environment triggered by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has impacted and will continue to impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition.\nThe onset of the COVID\u201119 pandemic adversely impacted the economic environment and credit markets, leading to lower interest rates across the curve, heightened volatility in the financial markets, and market-driven credit spread movements in certain sectors within our portfolio of investment securities. Although certain economic conditions improved in 2021, the pandemic continues to evolve and certain impacts of the pandemic, including short-term interest rates, may continue to have a negative impact on our net interest revenue, bank deposit account fee revenue, and asset management and administration fees. Additionally, in March 2020, we experienced a significant increase in client cash balances held at our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries which caused our Tier 1 Leverage Ratio to decline into the buffer we maintain between our long-term operating objective and our regulatory requirement. We will continue to have limits on our ability to return excess capital to stockholders, including through share repurchases, until the ratio returns to higher levels. \nThe pandemic has also impacted our client service quality at times. Certain of our client service response and processing times increased as a result of very high levels of client engagement and our clients experienced and may continue to occasionally experience delays accessing and using our website and mobile applications. While we have focused on hiring additional client service employees, we, like many employers, continue to face challenges retaining and hiring employees. In addition, we recently experienced and may again experience staffing shortages at our call centers and branches due to the rapid spread of new variants of COVID-19. Many of our employees and those of our outsourced service providers are working remotely and this has at times contributed to the increase in response and processing times, particularly when we have experienced the temporary loss of services from some of our outsourced service providers. We consider service quality to be an important part of the client experience and our failure to meet client expectations could result in decreased client satisfaction. \nThese and other impacts of the COVID\u201119 pandemic have had and will likely continue to have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described elsewhere in this \u201cRisk Factors\u201d section. The extent to which the COVID\u201119 pandemic, or the emergence of another wide-spread health crisis, impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including the scope and duration of the outbreak, actions taken by governmental authorities to contain the financial and economic impact and the spread of the outbreak, the effect on our clients, employees, and outsourced service providers, changes in credit quality and spreads, and reactions in the financial markets.\nDevelopments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business.\nOur business can be adversely affected by the general environment \u2013 economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments all play a role in client asset valuations, trading activity, interest rates, and overall investor engagement, and are outside of our control. Deterioration in the housing and credit markets, reduction in interest rates, and decreases in securities valuations negatively impact our results of operations and capital resources.\n- 13 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nThe monetary policies of the Federal Reserve, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States, have a significant effect on our operating results. Actions taken by the Federal Reserve, including changes in its target funds rate and balance sheet management, are difficu\nlt to predict and can affect our net interest revenue and bank deposit account fees. These policies could also have implications for clients\u2019 allocation to cash; higher or lower client cash balances have an impact on our capital requirements as well as liquidity implications if such changes in allocation are sudden\n.\nA significant change in client cash allocations could negatively impact our income.\nWe rely heavily on client cash balances to generate revenue. Cash awaiting investment in a portion of our client brokerage accounts is swept to our banking subsidiaries and those bank deposits are then used to extend loans to clients and purchase investment securities. We also sweep a portion of such cash to unconsolidated third-party financial institutions pursuant to the IDA agreement and agreements with other third-party financial institutions, through which we earn bank deposit account fees. A significant reduction in our clients\u2019 allocation to cash, a change in the allocation of that cash, or a transfer of cash away from the Company, could reduce our income. \nSignificant interest rate changes could affect our profitability.\nThe direction and level of interest rates are important factors in our earnings. A decline in interest rates may have a negative impact on our net interest revenue and our bank deposit account fee revenue. A low interest rate environment may also have a negative impact on our asset management and administration fee revenues when we have to waive a portion of our management fees for certain Schwab-sponsored money market mutual funds in order to continue providing a positive return to clients. The significant reduction in interest rates related to the COVID-19 pandemic has had, and will continue to have, a negative impact on our revenue related to interest rates and has caused us to waive management fees for certain funds.\nAlthough we believe we are positioned to benefit from a rising interest rate environment, a rise in interest rates may cause our funding costs to increase if market conditions or the competitive environment induces us to raise our interest rates to avoid losing deposits, or replace deposits with higher cost funding sources without offsetting increases in yields on interest-earning assets can reduce our net interest revenue.\nThe announced phase-out of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) could negatively impact our net interest revenue and will continue to require operational work.\nCertain securities in our investment portfolio, the floating rate loans we offered, and certain series of our outstanding preferred stock reference LIBOR as the benchmark rate to determine the applicable interest rate, payment amount or floating dividend rates. While we have substantially transitioned our financial models and systems away from LIBOR, in limited circumstances we still use LIBOR. When LIBOR is discontinued as announced, there will be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instruments. This could result in different financial performance for previously booked transactions. The calculation of interest rates under the replacement benchmarks could also impact our net interest revenue. LIBOR may also perform differently during the phase-out period than in the past which could result in lower interest payments and a reduction in the value of certain securities in our investment portfolio. In addition, further operational work will be required to transition our legacy loan portfolio to alternate reference rates that are consistent with the fallback language included in the contracts. See also Part II \u2013 Item 7. \u2013 Risk Management for additional information regarding the Company\u2019s consideration of the phase-out of LIBOR. \nCompliance Risks\nExtensive regulation of our businesses may subject us to significant penalties\n \nor limitations on business activities.\nAs a participant in the securities, banking, and financial services industries, we are subject to extensive regulation under federal, state, and foreign laws by governmental agencies, supervisory authorities and SROs. The costs and uncertainty related to complying with such regulations continue to increase. These regulations affect our business operations and impose capital, client prote\nction, and market conduct requirements on us as well as restrictions on the activities that we are allowed to conduct. We become subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny as we grow. \nRegulators have broad discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies and could prevent us from pursuing our business strategy. Regulators could also limit our ability to grow, including adding assets, launching new products, making acquisitions, and undertaking strategic investments. Our banking regulators could require CSC and/or our banking subsidiaries to hold more capital, increase liquidity, or limit their ability to pay dividends or CSC\u2019s ability to repurchase or redeem shares. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable legal requirements, there are a \n- 14 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nnumber of risks, particularly in areas where applicable laws or regulations may be unclear or where regulators could revise their previous guidance. Any enforcement actions or other proceedings brought by our regulators against us or our affiliates, officers or employees could result in fines, penalties, cease and desist orders, enforcement actions, suspension, disqualification or expulsion, or other disciplinary sanctions, including limitations on our business activities, any of which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.\nWhile we maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations, violations could occur. In addition, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though systems and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violations were in place at the time. There may be other negative consequences resulting from a finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities. Such a finding may also damage our reputation and our relationships with our regulators and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in our securities.\nLegislation or changes in rules and regulations could negatively affect our business and financial results.\nNew legislation, rules, regulations and guidance, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing federal, state, foreign and SRO rules, regulations and guidance, including changes relating to mutual funds, standards of conduct with clients, conflicts of interest, regulatory treatment of deposit accounts, and order routing practices and order-related revenues may directly affect our operations and profitability or our specific business lines. Our profitability could also be affected by rules and regulations that impact the business and financial communities generally, including changes to the laws governing taxation, electronic commerce, client privacy and security of client data. In addition, the rules and regulations could result in limitations on the lines of business we conduct, modifications to our business practices, more stringent capital and liquidity requirements, increased deposit insurance assessments or additional costs and could limit our ability to return capital to stockholders.\u00a0These changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes to our compliance, risk management, treasury and operations functions.\nFailure to meet capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines could affect our financial condition.\nCSC, together with its banking, broker-dealer, and FCM/FDM subsidiaries, must meet certain capital and liquidity standards, subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about the adequacy of our capital and our internal assessment of our capital needs. The Uniform Net Capital Rule limits the ability of our broker-dealer entities to transfer capital to CSC and other affiliates. New regulatory capital, liquidity, capital planning, and stress testing requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including paying dividends, stock repurchases, and redemptions, and may require us to increase our capital and/or liquidity or to limit our growth. Failure by either CSC or its banking subsidiaries to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a negative impact on us. In addition, failure by CSC or our banking subsidiaries to maintain a sufficient amount of capital to satisfy their capital conservation buffer and countercyclical capital buffer requirements would result in restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions and discretionary cash bonus payments to executive officers.\u00a0Any requirement that we increase our regulatory capital, replace certain capital instruments which presently qualify as Tier 1 Capital, or increase regulatory capital ratios or liquidity, could require us to liquidate assets, deleverage or otherwise change our business and/or investment plans, which may adversely affect our financial results. Issuing additional common stock would dilute the ownership of existing stockholders.\nIn January 2021, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule, effective with the 2022 CCAR cycle, making large savings and loan holding companies, including CSC, subject to the CCAR process, which requires submission of an annual capital plan. The plan must include a description of all planned capital actions, including dividends or stock repurchases, over a nine-quarter planning horizon beginning with the first quarter of the calendar year the capital plan is submitted. The rule also imposes a stress capital buffer requirement, floored at 2.5 percent of risk-weighted assets, that will replace CSC\u2019s current 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer for our risk-based capital ratios. The stress capital buffer will equal, as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets, the sum of (i) the difference between a firm\u2019s starting common equity Tier 1 capital ratio and the low point under the severely adverse scenario of the Federal Reserve\u2019s supervisory stress test plus (ii) the ratio of the firm\u2019s projected four quarters of common stock dividends for the fourth through seventh quarters of the planning horizon to risk-weighted assets as projected under CCAR. The imposition of a stress capital buffer requirement could change the way in which our minimum risk-based capital ratios are calculated and make us subject to progressively more stringent constraints on capital actions if we approach our minimum ratios. This could lead to restrictions on our ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to stockholders.\n- 15 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nIf the average of CSC\u2019s total consolidated assets for four consecutive calendar quarters reaches $700 billion, or if the average of cross-jurisdictional activity for four consecutive calendar quarters reaches $75 billion, CSC will become subject to more stringent Category II requirements, including annual stress testing, the advanced approaches framework, and the inability to opt out of including AOCI in regulatory capital calculations. At December 31, 2021, CSC had approximately $670 billion in total assets and cross-jurisdictional activity of approximately $32 billion. \nWe are subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings and may not be successful in defending against claims or proceedings.\nThe financial services industry faces significant litigation and regulatory risks. We are subject to claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, some of which include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. We are also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.\nLitigation and arbitration claims include those brought by our clients and the clients of third party advisors whose assets are custodied with us. Claims from clients of third party advisors may allege losses due to investment decisions made by the third party advisors or the advisors\u2019 misconduct. Litigation claims also include claims from third parties alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights (e.g., patents). Such litigation can require the expenditure of significant company resources. If we were found to have infringed on a third-party patent, or other intellectual property rights, we could incur substantial damages, and in some circumstances could be enjoined from using certain technology, or providing certain products or services.\nActions brought against us may result in settlements, awards, injunctions, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, including reputational harm. Even if we are successful in defending against these actions, the defense of such matters may result in us incurring significant expenses. A substantial judgment, settlement, fine, or penalty could be material to our operating results or cash flows for a particular future period, depending on our results for that period. In market downturns and periods of heightened volatility, the volume of legal claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial services companies have historically increased. \nOperational Risk\nSecurity breaches of our systems, or those of our clients or third parties, may subject us to significant liability and damage our reputation.\n \nOur business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. Information security risks for financial institutions are increasing, in part because of the use of the internet and mobile and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers and other external parties, including foreign state actors. Our systems and those of other financial institutions have been and will continue to be the target of cyber\u00a0attacks, malicious code, computer viruses, ransomware,\n \nand denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Data security breaches may also result from non-technical means, for example, employee misconduct.\nGiven the high volume of transactions that we process, the large number of clients, counterparties and third-party service providers with which we do business, including cloud service providers, and the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks, a cyber attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected. The extent of a particular cyber attack and the steps we may need to take to investigate the attack may not be immediately clear, and it may take a significant amount of time before an investigation is completed and full and reliable information about the attack is known. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack.\nSecurity breaches, including breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or clients, could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws and could subject us to significant liability or loss that may not be covered by insurance, actions by our regulators, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in our security measures \n- 16 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nwhich could harm our business. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures.\nWe also face risk related to external fraud involving the misappropriation and use of clients\u2019 user names, passwords or other personal information to gain access to our clients\u2019 financial accounts. This could occur from the compromise of clients\u2019 personal electronic devices or as a result of a data security breach at an unrelated company where clients\u2019 personal information is taken and then made available to fraudsters. Such risk has grown in recent years due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime and other external parties, including foreign state-sponsored parties. Losses reimbursed to clients under our guarantee against unauthorized account activity could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.\nTechnology and operational failures or errors could subject us to losses, litigation, regulatory actions, and reputational damage.\nWe must process, record and monitor a large number of transactions and our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. System interruptions, errors or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems and power failures and can have a significant impact on our business and operations. Our systems are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those used for asset management, capital planning and management, risk management, stress testing and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, cyber\u00a0attacks, terrorist attacks, natural disaster, extreme weather, power outage, capacity constraints, software flaws, events impacting key business partners and vendors, and similar events. For example, we and other financial institutions have been the target of various denial of service attacks that have, in certain circumstances, made websites, mobile applications and email unavailable for periods of time. Cloud technologies are critical to the operation of our systems and platforms and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing. Cloud service disruptions may lead to delays in accessing data that is important to our businesses and may hinder our clients\u2019 access to our platforms. It could take an extended period of time to restore full functionality to our technology or other operating systems in the event of an unforeseen occurrence, which could affect our ability to process and settle client transactions. Moreover, instances of fraud or other misconduct might also negatively impact our reputation and client confidence in the Company, in addition to any direct losses that might result from such instances. The ways that fraudulent activity is attempted is continuously evolving and while we monitor for new types of fraud, there may be a delay in recognizing the fraud is happening. Besides potential losses, shutting down the fraudulent activity often requires a balance with client experience. Despite our efforts to identify areas of risk, oversee operational areas involving risk, and implement policies and procedures designed to manage these risks, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer unexpected losses, reputational damage or regulatory action due to technology or other operational failures or errors, including those of our vendors or other third parties.\nWhile we devote substantial attention and resources to the reliability, capacity and scalability of our systems, extraordinary trading volumes, such as those that occurred in 2020 and the first quarter of 2021, could cause our computer systems to operate at unacceptably slow speeds or even fail, affecting our ability to process client transactions and potentially resulting in some clients\u2019 orders being executed at prices they did not anticipate. For example, certain of our client service response and processing times increased in 2020 as a result of very high levels of client engagement and our clients experienced delays accessing our systems during periods when there was an unusually high volume of client activity. Disruptions in service and slower system response times could result in substantial losses, decreased client satisfaction, reputational damage, and regulatory inquiries. We are also dependent on the integrity and performance of securities exchanges, clearing houses, market makers, dealers, and other intermediaries to which client orders are routed for execution and settlement. System failures and constraints and transaction errors at such intermediaries could result in delays and erroneous or unanticipated execution prices and cancelled orders, cause substantial losses for us and for our clients, and subject us to claims from our clients for damages, and cause reputational harm.\n\u00a0\nOur investment management operations may subject us to fiduciary or other legal liability for client losses.\nFund and trust management and administration are complex activities and include functions such as recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, compliance with investment restrictions, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, and required distributions to fund shareholders. Failure to properly perform operational tasks, or the misrepresentation of our services and products could subject us to regulatory sanctions, penalties or litigation and result in reputational damage, liability to clients, and the termination of investment management or administration agreements and the withdrawal of assets under our management.\n- 17 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nIn the management and administration of funds and client accounts, we use quantitative models and other tools and resources to support investment decisions and processes, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. Errors in the design, function, or underlying assumptions used in these models and tools, particularly if we fail to detect the errors over an extended period, could subject us to claims of a breach of fiduciary duty and potentially large liabilities for make-whole payments, litigation, and/or regulatory fines.\nWe rely on outsourced service providers to perform key functions.\nWe rely on external service providers to perform certain key technology, cloud infrastructure, processing, servicing, and support functions. These service providers face technology, operating, business, and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information, could cause us to incur losses and could harm our reputation. An interruption in or the cessation of service by any external service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties, natural disasters, extreme weather, power outage, public health crises, political developments or for any other reason, and our inability to make alternative arrangements in a timely manner could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services, and result in financial losses to us. As a result of certain stay at home restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we temporarily lost the services from some of our outsourced service providers which contributed to increased client service response and processing times. Switching to an alternative service provider may require a transition period and result in less efficient operations.\nWe rely on financial intermediaries to execute and settle client orders. \nWe rely on market makers, dealers, securities exchanges, clearing houses, and other financial intermediaries to execute and settle our clients\u2019 orders. The unwillingness or inability of any of these parties to perform their usual functions coupled with the unavailability of alternative arrangements could result in our clients\u2019 orders not getting executed or settled. This may be due to market volatility, uneconomic trading conditions, capacity constraints, financial constraints, system failures, unanticipated trading halts invoked by securities exchanges, market closures, or other reasons. Our inability to get client orders executed or settled because of the unwillingness or inability of these parties to perform their usual functions could result in client dissatisfaction and reputational harm and expose us to client claims for damages. \nLiquidity Risk\nA significant decrease in our liquidity could negatively affect our business as well as reduce client confidence in us.\nMaintaining adequate liquidity is crucial to our business operations, including transaction settlement, custody requirements, and lending commitments, among other liquidity needs. We meet our liquidity needs primarily from working capital and cash generated by client activity as well as external financing. Fluctuations in client cash or deposit balances, as well as market conditions or changes in regulatory treatment of client deposits, may affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs. A reduction in our liquidity position could reduce client confidence in us, which could result in the transfer of client assets and accounts, or could cause us to fail to satisfy our liquidity requirements, including the LCR. In addition, if our broker-dealer or depository institution subsidiaries fail to meet regulatory capital guidelines, regulators could limit the subsidiaries\u2019 operations or their ability to upstream funds to CSC, which could reduce CSC\u2019s liquidity and adversely affect its ability to repay debt, pay dividends on CSC\u2019s preferred stock, or return capital to common stockholders. In addition, CSC may need to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries.\nFactors which may adversely affect our liquidity position include CS&Co and TDAC having temporary liquidity demands due to timing differences between brokerage transaction settlements and the availability of segregated cash balances, fluctuations in cash held in banking or brokerage client accounts, a dramatic increase in our lending activities (including margin, mortgage-related, and personal lending), increased capital requirements, changes in regulatory guidance or interpretations, other regulatory changes, or a loss of market or client confidence in us resulting in unanticipated withdrawals of client funds. As a member firm of securities and derivatives clearing houses, we are required to deposit cash, stock and/or government securities for margin requirements and to clearing funds. The margin requirements may fluctuate significantly from time to time based upon the nature and size of clients\u2019 trading activity and market volatility. For example, as a result of recent market volatility the National Securities Clearing Corporation increased margin requirements for member firms and we were required to deposit additional funds. Clearing houses could also require additional funds from member firms if a clearing member defaults on its obligations to the clearing house in an amount larger than its own margin and clearing fund deposits.\n- 18 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nWhen available cash is not sufficient for our liquidity needs, we may seek external financing. During periods of disruptions in the credit and capital markets, potential sources of external financing could be reduced, and borrowing costs could increase. Although CSC, CS&Co, and TDAC maintain uncommitted, unsecured bank credit lines and CSC has a commercial paper issuance program, as well as a universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC which can be used to sell securities, financing may not be available on acceptable terms or at all due to market conditions or disruptions in the credit markets. In addition, a significant downgrade in the Company\u2019s credit ratings could increase its borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets.\nCredit Risk\nWe may suffer significant losses from our credit exposures.\nOur businesses are subject to the risk that a client, counterparty or issuer will fail to perform its contractual obligations, or that the value of collateral held to secure obligations will prove to be inadequate. While we have policies and procedures designed to manage this risk, the policies and procedures may not be fully effective. Our exposure mainly results from margin lending, clients\u2019 options and futures trading, securities lending, mortgage lending, pledged asset lending, our role as a counterparty in financial contracts and investing activities, and indirectly from the investing activities of certain of the proprietary funds we sponsor.\nWhen clients purchase securities on margin, borrow on lines of credit collateralized by securities, or trade options or futures, we are subject to the risk that clients may default on their obligations when the value of the securities and cash in their accounts falls below the amount of clients\u2019 indebtedness. Abrupt changes in securities valuations and the failure of clients to meet margin calls could result in substantial losses, especially if there is a lack of liquidity. As a result of our TD Ameritrade acquisition, our\n margin, options and futures business has materially increased and market liquidity may represent an increased risk.\nWe have exposure to credit risk associated with our investments.\u00a0Those investments are subject to price fluctuations. Loss of value of securities can negatively affect earnings if management determines that such loss of value has resulted from a credit loss. The evaluation of whether a credit loss exists is a matter of judgment, which includes the assessment of multiple factors. If management determines that a security\u2019s decline in fair value is the result of a credit loss, an allowance for credit losses on the security will be recorded and a corresponding loss will be recognized in current earnings. Even if a decline in fair value of a security is not determined to have resulted from a credit loss, if we were ever forced to sell the security sooner than intended prior to maturity due to liquidity needs, we would have to recognize any unrealized losses at that time. \nOur bank loans primarily consist of First Mortgages, HELOCs, and PALs. Increases in delinquency and default rates, housing and stock price declines, increases in the unemployment rate, and other economic factors, including from the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, can result in increases in allowances for credit losses and related credit loss expense, as well as write downs on such loans.\nHeightened credit exposures to specific counterparties or instruments can increase our risk of loss. Examples include:\n\u2022\nLarge positions in financial instruments collateralized by assets with similar economic characteristics or in securities of a single issuer or industry;\n\u2022\nMortgage loans and HELOCs to banking clients which are secured by properties in the same geographic region; and\n\u2022\nClient margins, options or futures, pledged assets, and securities lending activities collateralized by or linked to securities of a single issuer, index, or industry.\nWe sponsor a number of proprietary money market mutual funds and other proprietary funds. Although we have no obligation to do so, we may decide for competitive or other reasons to provide credit, liquidity or other support to our funds in the event of significant declines in valuation of fund holdings or significant redemption activity that exceeds available liquidity. Such support could cause us to take significant charges, could reduce our liquidity and, in certain situations, could, with respect to proprietary funds other than money market mutual funds, result in us having to consolidate one or more funds in our financial statements. If we choose not to provide credit, liquidity or other support in such a situation, we could suffer reputational damage and its business could be adversely affected.\n- 19 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nRisks Related to Our TD Ameritrade Acquisition\nWe may fail to realize the anticipated cost savings and other benefits of the TD Ameritrade acquisition, which could adversely affect the value of our stock.\nThe success of our TD Ameritrade acquisition will continue to depend, in significant part, on our ability to realize the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from integrating the businesses of Schwab and TD Ameritrade which is subject to certain risks. If we are not able to successfully combine the businesses of Schwab and TD Ameritrade within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated cost savings and other benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected, the combined business may not perform as expected and the value of our common stock may be adversely affected. \nIt is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key Schwab or TD Ameritrade employees, the loss of clients, the disruption of either company\u2019s or both companies\u2019 ongoing businesses or in unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated.\nMost of the integration planning and execution work is currently being done remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The inability to work in-person and on-site with information technology and management oversight has and will continue to make some of the integration work more challenging, particularly with regard to technology. We will need to continue to hire a significant number of technology personnel and contract staff and rely on a number of critical technology vendors in order to complete the integration work relating to technology platforms and systems within the target timeframe. In addition, we may experience delays in acquiring the technology and infrastructure components needed for the integration due to pandemic-related supply chain disruptions. We have to make certain assumptions for integration planning and subsequent changes to integration plans impact the timing and cost of the integration. For example, as a result of the higher levels of trading volumes that we recently experienced, we had to increase capacity from the original technology build-out plan. In addition, at times the attention of certain members of our management and other resources may be diverted from integration work to critical day-to-day business operations. We may also encounter challenges integrating TD Ameritrade technologies into Schwab platforms. Any of these factors could make timely achievement of integration milestones more challenging, particularly with regard to technology and systems.\n \nWe will continue to incur significant integration costs in connection with the integration of TD Ameritrade. \nWe will continue to incur significant non-recurring costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans with respect to combining the operations of Schwab and TD Ameritrade, including technology-related, workforce and facilities consolidation costs. We continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the two companies\u2019 businesses. \nWe may have difficulty attracting, motivating and retaining executives and other employees during the integration of TD Ameritrade.\nUncertainty about the effect of the TD Ameritrade integration on Schwab and TD Ameritrade employees may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate personnel. Employee retention may be particularly challenging during the integration process, as employees of Schwab and TD Ameritrade may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined business. If employees of Schwab or TD Ameritrade depart, the integration of the companies may be more difficult and the combined business may be harmed. Furthermore, we may have to incur significant costs in identifying, hiring and retaining replacements for departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent relating to the businesses of Schwab or TD Ameritrade, and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may be adversely affected. In addition, there could be disruptions to or distractions for the workforce and management associated with integrating employees into Schwab. \n- 20 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nThe TD Ameritrade acquisition may not be accretive to our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. \nBased on the anticipated synergies between Schwab and TD Ameritrade, we expect the acquisition to be accretive to our earnings per share in the third year following completion of the merger. However, future events and conditions could reduce or delay the accretion that is currently projected or result in the acquisition being dilutive to our earnings per share, including adverse changes in market conditions, additional transaction and integration related costs and other factors such as the failure to realize some or all of the benefits anticipated in the acquisition. Any dilution of, reduction in, or delay of any accretion to, our earnings per share could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline or grow at a reduced rate. \nOther Business Risks\nPotential strategic transactions could have a negative impact on our financial position.\nWe evaluate potential strategic transactions, including business combinations, acquisitions, and dispositions. Any such transaction could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The process of evaluating, negotiating, effecting, and integrating any such strategic transaction may divert management\u2019s attention from other business concerns, and might cause the loss of key clients, employees, and business partners. Moreover, integrating businesses and systems may result in unforeseen expenditures as well as numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to integrate operational, financial, and management information systems and management controls, integrate relationships with clients and business partners, and manage facilities and employees in different geographic areas. The integration process could result in the disruption of ongoing businesses or changes to inconsistent standards, controls, procedures and policies that could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, employees, outsourced service providers and vendors. In addition, an acquisition may cause us to assume liabilities or become subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings or require the amortization of a large amount of acquired intangible assets. Further, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from an acquisition in a timely manner or at all (including without limitation the recent acquisition of TD Ameritrade), and any future acquisition could be dilutive to our current stockholders\u2019 percentage ownership or to earnings per common share (EPS).\nOur acquisitions and dispositions are typically subject to closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the absence of material adverse changes in the business, operations or financial condition of the entity or part of an entity being acquired or sold. To the extent we enter into an agreement to buy or sell an entity or part of an entity, there can be no guarantee that the transaction will close when expected, or at all. If a material transaction does not close, our stock price could decline.\nOur industry is highly competitive and characterized by aggressive price competition.\nWe operate in a highly competitive environment with a broad array of competitors from large integrated banks to venture-capital backed private companies. We continually monitor our pricing in relation to competitors and periodically adjust interest rates on deposits and loans, fees for advisory services, expense ratios on mutual funds and ETFs, trade commission rates, and other pricing and incentives to sustain our competitive position. Increased price competition from other financial services firms to attract clients, such as reduced commissions, higher deposit rates, reduced mutual fund or ETF expense ratios, or the increased use of incentives, could impact our results of operations and financial condition.\nWe face competition in hiring and retaining qualified employees.\nThe market for qualified personnel in our business is highly competitive. At various times, different functions and roles are in especially high demand in the market, compelling us to pay more to attract talent. Recently, the challenge and cost for us to retain and hire talent has increased. In September 2021, we implemented a 5% salary increase for almost all of our employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain existing employees while managing compensation costs.\nWe need to continue to hire a significant number of technology personnel and contract staff to complete the TD Ameritrade integration work within the target timeframe. Demand for skilled technology professionals is high and we may experience delays in hiring the appropriate skilled resources.\n- 21 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nOur stock price has fluctuated historically, and may continue to fluctuate.\nOur stock price can be volatile. Among the factors that may affect the volatility of our stock price are the following:\n\u2022\nSpeculation in the investment community or the press about, or actual changes in, our competitive position, organizational structure, executive team, operations, financial condition, financial reporting and results, expense discipline, strategic transactions, progress on achieving the expected benefits from our TD Ameritrade acquisition, or ratings from third parties;\n\u2022\nThe announcement of new products, services, acquisitions, or dispositions by us or our competitors; \n\u2022\nIncreases or decreases in revenue or earnings, changes in earnings estimates by the investment community, and variations between estimated financial results and actual financial results; and\n\u2022\nSales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by large stockholders.\nChanges in the stock market generally, or as it concerns our industry, as well as geopolitical, corporate, regulatory, business, and economic factors may also affect our stock price.\nFuture sales of CSC\u2019s equity securities may adversely affect the market price of CSC\u2019s common stock and result in dilution.\nCSC\u2019s certificate of incorporation authorizes CSC\u2019s Board of Directors, among other things, to issue additional shares of common or preferred stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into equity securities, without stockholder approval.\nCSC may issue additional equity or convertible securities to raise additional capital or for other purposes. The issuance of any additional equity or convertible securities could be substantially dilutive to holders of CSC\u2019s common stock and may adversely affect the market price of CSC\u2019s common stock.\nOur ongoing relationships with TD Bank and its affiliates could have a negative impact on us. \nAlthough our acquisition of TD Ameritrade was structured such that completion of the merger would not result in CSC either (i) being deemed to be \u201ccontrolled\u201d by TD Bank (as that term is interpreted by the Federal Reserve under the BHC Act or HOLA) or (ii) being deemed to be in \u201ccontrol\u201d of any of TD Bank\u2019s depository institutions, changes in circumstances could trigger presumptions of control under the Federal Reserve\u2019s regulations. This could occur if TD Bank and its affiliates own more than 9.9% of Schwab common stock, as interpreted in accordance with the applicable rules of the Federal Reserve. While the Stockholder Agreement between CSC and TD Bank prohibits TD Bank and its affiliates from exceeding the 9.9% threshold, it could happen unintentionally. This presumption of control could also be triggered if the revenue generated to either us or to any of the TD Bank depository institutions exceeds a certain percentage. The Stockholder Agreement contains provisions to address such situations.\nUnder the IDA agreement, we are only permitted to reduce the deposit balances swept to the TD Depository Institutions by a set amount during each 12-month period, subject to certain limitations and adjustments including only moving IDA balances designated as floating-rate obligations and maintaining a minimum $50 billion IDA sweep balance through June 2031. The bank deposit account fee revenue that we earn related to the IDA agreement may be less than the net interest revenue that we could have earned if the deposit balances were swept to our banking subsidiaries rather than the TD Depository Institutions. When we are permitted to reduce the IDA balances, we can only move the balances to our banking subsidiaries if we have sufficient capital. In addition, in a low rate environment it is possible that the sweep arrangement fee computation could result in a negative amount that we would be required to pay the TD Depository Institutions,\n \nresulting in us having an expense rather than revenue. ", "item7": ">Item 7.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis\n \nof Financial Condition and Results of Operations\nFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS\n \nIn addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form\u00a010-K contains \u201cforward-looking statements\u201d within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are identified by words such as \u201cbelieve,\u201d \u201canticipate,\u201d \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201cplan,\u201d \u201cwill,\u201d \u201cmay,\u201d \u201cestimate,\u201d \u201cappear,\u201d \u201ccould,\u201d \u201cwould,\u201d \u201cexpand,\u201d\u00a0\u201caim,\u201d \u201cmaintain,\u201d \u201ccontinue,\u201d \u201cseek,\u201d and other similar expressions. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements.\nThese forward-looking statements, which reflect management\u2019s beliefs, objectives, and expectations as of the date hereof, are estimates based on the best judgment of Schwab\u2019s senior management. These statements relate to, among other things:\n\u2022\nMaximizing our market valuation and stockholder returns over time; our belief that developing trusted relationships will translate into more client assets which drives revenue and, along with expense discipline and thoughtful capital management, generates earnings growth and builds stockholder value; and maintaining our market position (see Business Strategy and Competitive Environment and Products and Services in Part I, Item\u00a01);\n\u2022\nExpected benefits from the TD Ameritrade and other recently completed acquisitions; and expected timing for the TD Ameritrade client conversion (see Business and Asset Acquisitions in Part I, Item 1; Overview \u2013 Business and Asset Acquisitions in Part II, Item 7; Business Acquisitions in Part II, Item 8 \u2013 Note 3; and Exit and Other Related Liabilities in Note 16); \n\u2022\nThe impact of legal proceedings and regulatory matters (see Legal Proceedings in Part I, Item 3; and Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8 \u2013 Note 15);\n\u2022\nDriving strategic priorities of scale and efficiency, win-win monetization and segmentation (see Overview in Part II, Item 7);\n\u2022\nCost estimates and timing related to the TD Ameritrade integration, including acquisition and integration-related costs and capital expenditures, cost synergies, and exit and other related costs (see Overview \u2013 Business and Asset Acquisitions in Part II, Item 7; Results of Operations \u2013 Total Expenses Excluding Interest; and Exit and Other Related Liabilities in Part II, Item 8 \u2013 Note 16);\n\u2022\nThe adjustment of rates paid on client-related liabilities; and money market fund fee waivers (see Results of Operations \u2013 Net Interest Revenue and Asset Management and Administration Fees in Part II, Item 7);\n\u2022\nCapital expenditures (see Results of Operations \u2013 Total Expenses Excluding Interest in Part II, Item 7);\n\u2022\nThe phase-out of the use of LIBOR (see Risk Management \u2013 Expected Phase-out of LIBOR in Part II, Item 7);\n\u2022\nSources of liquidity, capital, and level of dividends; and Tier 1 Leverage Ratio operating objective (see Liquidity Risk, Capital Management, Regulatory Capital Requirements, and Dividends in Part II, Item 7);\n\u2022\nThe migration of IDA balances to our balance sheet (see Capital Management \u2013 Regulatory Capital Requirements in Part II, Item 7; and Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8 \u2013 Note 15);\n\u2022\nThe expected impact of new accounting standards not yet adopted (see Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Part II, Item\u00a08 \u2013 Note 2); and\n\u2022\nThe likelihood of indemnification and guarantee payment obligations and clients failing to fulfill contractual obligations (see Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8 \u2013 Note 15 and Financial Instruments Subject to Off-Balance Sheet Credit Risk \u2013 Client Trade Settlement in Note 17).\nAchievement of the expressed beliefs, objectives and expectations described in these statements is subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expressed beliefs, objectives, and expectations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form\u00a010-K or, in the case of documents incorporated by reference, as of the date of those documents.\nImportant factors that may cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to:\n\u2022\nGeneral market conditions, including equity valuations, trading activity, the level of interest rates \u2013 which can impact money market fund fee waivers, and credit spreads;\n\u2022\nOur ability to attract and retain clients, develop trusted relationships,\u00a0and grow client assets;\n\u2022\nClient use of our advisory and lending solutions and other products and services;\n\u2022\nThe level of client assets, including cash balances;\n\u2022\nCompetitive pressure on pricing, including deposit rates;\n- 26 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\n\u2022\nClient sensitivity to rates;\n\u2022\nRegulatory guidance;\n\u2022\nCapital\u00a0and liquidity needs and management;\n\u2022\nOur ability to manage expenses;\n\u2022\nOur ability to attract and retain talent;\n\u2022\nOur ability to develop and launch new and enhanced products, services, and capabilities, as well as enhance our infrastructure, in a timely and successful manner;\n\u2022\nOur ability to monetize client assets;\n\u2022\nThe scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities to contain the spread of the virus and the economic impact;\n\u2022\nOur ability to support client activity levels;\n\u2022\nThe risk that expected cost synergies and other benefits from the TD Ameritrade and other recent acquisitions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected and that integration-related expenses may be higher than expected;\n\u2022\nThe ability to successfully implement integration strategies and plans relating to TD Ameritrade; \n\u2022\nThe timing and scope of integration-related and other technology projects;\n\u2022\nReal estate and workforce decisions;\n\u2022\nMigrations of BDA balances;\n\u2022\nPrepayment levels for mortgage-backed securities; \n\u2022\nClient cash allocations;\n\u2022\nLIBOR trends;\n\u2022\nAdverse developments in litigation or regulatory matters and any related charges; \n\u2022\nPotential breaches of contractual terms for which we have indemnification and guarantee obligations; and\n\u2022\nClient activity, including daily average trades; margin balances; and balance sheet cash.\nCertain of these factors, as well as general risk factors affecting the Company, are discussed in greater detail in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A.\n- 27 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nGLOSSARY OF TERMS\n \nActive brokerage accounts:\n Brokerage accounts with activity within the preceding 270 days. \nAccumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI): \nA component of stockholders\u2019 equity which primarily includes unrealized gains and losses on available for sale (AFS) securities. \nAsset-backed securities:\n Debt securities backed by financial assets such as loans or receivables.\nAssets receiving ongoing advisory services:\n Market value of all client assets custodied at the Company under the guidance of an independent advisor or enrolled in one of Schwab\u2019s advice solutions at the end of the reporting period. \nBank deposit account balances (BDA balances):\n Clients\u2019 uninvested cash balances held off-balance sheet in deposit accounts at unconsolidated third-party financial institutions, pursuant to the IDA agreement and agreements with other third-party financial institutions. Average BDA balances represent the daily average balance for the reporting period.\nBasel III:\n Global regulatory standards on bank capital adequacy and liquidity issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision.\nBasis point:\n One basis point equals 1/100\nth\n of 1%, or 0.01%.\nClient assets:\n The market value, as of the end of the reporting period, of all client assets in our custody, BDA balances, and proprietary products, which includes both cash and securities. Average client assets are the daily average client asset balance for the reporting period. \nClient cash as a percentage of client assets:\n Calculated as the value, at the end of the reporting period, of all money market fund balances, bank deposits, Schwab One\n\u00ae\n balances, BDA balances, and certain cash equivalents divided by client assets. \nCommon Equity Tier 1\n \n(CET1) Capital:\n The sum of common stock and related surplus net of treasury stock, retained earnings, AOCI, and qualifying minority interests, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. \nCommon Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio:\n The ratio of CET1 Capital to total risk-weighted assets as of the end of the period.\nCore net new client assets:\n Net new client assets before significant one-time inflows or outflows, such as acquisitions/divestitures or extraordinary flows (generally greater than $10\u00a0billion) relating to a specific client. These flows may span multiple reporting periods.\u00a0\nCustomer Protection Rule:\n Refers to Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.\nDaily Average Trades (DATs):\n Includes daily average revenue trades by clients, trades by clients in asset-based pricing relationships, and all commission-free trades.\nDebt to total capital ratio:\n Calculated as total debt divided by stockholders\u2019 equity and total debt.\nDelinquency roll rates:\n The rates at which loans transition through delinquency stages, ultimately resulting in a loss. Schwab considers a loan to be delinquent if it is 30 days or more past due.\nDodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act): \nRegulatory reform legislation containing numerous provisions which expanded prudential regulation of large financial services companies.\nDuration: \nDuration is typically used to measure the expected change in value of a financial instrument for a 1% change in interest rates, expressed in years.\n\u00a0\n- 28 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nFinal Regulatory Capital Rules:\n Refers to the regulatory capital rules issued by U.S. banking agencies which implemented Basel\u00a0III and relevant provisions of Dodd-Frank Act, which apply to savings and loan holding companies, as well as federal savings banks. \nFirst mortgages:\n Refers to first lien residential real estate mortgage loans.\nFull-time equivalent employees:\n Represents the total number of hours worked divided by a 40-hour work week for the following categories: full-time, part-time, and temporary employees and persons employed on a contract basis.\nHigh Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA):\n\u00a0HQLA is defined by the Federal Reserve, but includes assets that are actively traded and readily convertible to cash in times of stress. \nInsured Deposit Account (IDA) Agreement:\n The IDA agreement with the TD Depository Institutions.\nInterest-bearing liabilities:\n Primarily includes bank deposits, payables to brokerage clients, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt on which Schwab pays interest.\nInterest-earning assets:\n Primarily includes cash and cash equivalents, cash and investments segregated, receivables from brokerage clients, investment securities, and bank loans on which Schwab earns interest.\nInvestment grade:\n Defined as a rating equivalent to a Moody\u2019s Investors Service (Moody\u2019s) rating of \u201cBaa3\u201d or higher, or a Standard & Poor\u2019s Rating Group (Standard & Poor\u2019s) or Fitch Ratings, Ltd (Fitch) rating of \u201cBBB-\u201d or higher.\nLiquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR):\n\u00a0The ratio of HQLA to projected net cash outflows during a 30-day stress scenario.\nLoan-To-Value\n \n(LTV)\n \nratio:\n Calculated as the principal amount of a loan divided by the value of the collateral securing the loan.\nMargin loans:\n Money borrowed against the value of certain stocks, bonds, and mutual funds in a client portfolio. The borrowed money can be used to purchase additional securities or to meet short-term financial needs.\nMaster netting arrangement:\n An agreement between two counterparties that have multiple contracts with each other that provides for net settlement of all contracts through a single cash payment in the event of default or termination of any one contract.\nMortgage-backed securities:\n A type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or group of mortgages.\nNet interest margin:\n Net interest revenue (annualized for interim periods) divided by average interest-earning assets.\nNet new client assets:\n Total inflows of client cash and securities to Schwab less client outflows. Inflows include dividends and interest; outflows include commissions and fees. Capital gains distributions are excluded. \nNet Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR):\u00a0\nThe ratio of the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding.\nNew brokerage accounts:\n All brokerage accounts opened during the period, as well as any accounts added via acquisition. \nNonperforming assets:\n The total of nonaccrual loans and other real estate owned.\nOrder flow revenue:\n Net compensation received from markets and firms to which our broker-dealer subsidiaries send equity and options orders. The amount reflects rebates received for certain types of orders, less fees paid for orders where exchange fees or other charges apply.\nPledged Asset Line\n\u00ae\n (PAL):\n A non-purpose revolving line of credit from a banking subsidiary secured by eligible assets held in a separate pledged brokerage account maintained at CS&Co.\n- 29 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nReturn on average common stockholders\u2019 equity:\n Calculated as net income available to common stockholders (annualized for interim periods) divided by average common stockholders\u2019 equity.\nRisk-weighted assets:\n Computed by assigning specific risk-weightings to assets and off-balance sheet instruments for capital adequacy calculations.\nTier 1 Capital:\n The sum of CET1 Capital and additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and related surplus, less applicable adjustments and deductions.\nTier 1 Leverage Ratio:\n End-of-period Tier 1 Capital divided by adjusted average total consolidated assets for the period.\nTrading days:\n Days in which the markets/exchanges are open for the buying and selling of securities. Early market closures are counted as half-days.\nU.S. federal banking agencies:\n Refers to the Federal Reserve, the OCC, the FDIC, and the CFPB.\nUniform Net Capital Rule:\n Refers to Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which specifies minimum capital requirements that are intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers at all times.\n- 30 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nOVERVIEW\nManagement focuses on several client activity and financial metrics in evaluating Schwab\u2019s financial position and operating performance. We believe that metrics relating to net new and total client assets, as well as client cash levels and utilization of advisory services, offer perspective on our business momentum and client engagement. Data on new and total client brokerage accounts provides additional perspective on our ability to attract and retain new business. Total net revenue growth, pre-tax profit margin, EPS, return on average common stockholders\u2019 equity, and the Consolidated Tier 1 Leverage Ratio provide broad indicators of Schwab\u2019s overall financial health, operating efficiency, and ability to generate acceptable returns. Total expenses excluding interest as a percentage of average client assets is a measure of operating efficiency. \nOur consolidated financial statements include the results of operations and financial condition of TD Ameritrade beginning on October 6, 2020, as discussed below. Results for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020, and 2019 are as follows:\nGrowth Rate 1-Year 2020-2021\n2021\n2020\n2019\nClient Metrics\nNet new client assets\u00a0(in billions) \n(1)\n(74)%\n$\n516.2\u00a0\n$\n1,952.5\u00a0\n$\n222.8\u00a0\nCore net new client assets (in billions)\n98%\n$\n558.2\u00a0\n$\n281.9\u00a0\n$\n211.7\u00a0\nClient assets (in billions, at year end)\n22%\n$\n8,138.0\u00a0\n$\n6,691.7\u00a0\n$\n4,038.8\u00a0\nAverage client assets (in billions)\n64%\n$\n7,493.8\u00a0\n$\n4,579.0\u00a0\n$\n3,682.0\u00a0\nNew brokerage accounts (in thousands)\n (2)\n(61)%\n7,306\u00a0\n18,627\u00a0\n1,568\u00a0\nActive brokerage accounts (in thousands, at year end)\n12%\n33,165\u00a0\n29,629\u00a0\n12,333\u00a0\nAssets receiving ongoing advisory services (in billions, at year end)\n23%\n$\n4,064.4\u00a0\n$\n3,300.1\u00a0\n$\n2,106.8\u00a0\nClient cash as a percentage of client assets (at year end)\n10.9\u00a0\n%\n12.3\u00a0\n%\n11.3\u00a0\n%\nCompany Financial Information and Metrics\nTotal net revenues\n58%\n$\n18,520\u00a0\n$\n11,691\u00a0\n$\n10,721\u00a0\nTotal expenses excluding interest\n46%\n10,807\u00a0\n7,391\u00a0\n5,873\u00a0\nIncome before taxes on income\n79%\n7,713\u00a0\n4,300\u00a0\n4,848\u00a0\nTaxes on income\n86%\n1,858\u00a0\n1,001\u00a0\n1,144\u00a0\nNet income\n77%\n$\n5,855\u00a0\n$\n3,299\u00a0\n$\n3,704\u00a0\nPreferred stock dividends and other\n93%\n495\u00a0\n256\u00a0\n178\u00a0\nNet income available to common stockholders\n76%\n$\n5,360\u00a0\n$\n3,043\u00a0\n$\n3,526\u00a0\nEarnings per common share \u2014 diluted \n(3)\n33%\n$\n2.83\u00a0\n$\n2.12\u00a0\n$\n2.67\u00a0\nNet revenue growth from prior year\n58\u00a0\n%\n9\u00a0\n%\n6\u00a0\n%\nPre-tax profit margin\n41.6\u00a0\n%\n36.8\u00a0\n%\n45.2\u00a0\n%\nReturn on average common stockholders\u2019 equity\n11\u00a0\n%\n9\u00a0\n%\n19\u00a0\n%\nExpenses excluding interest as a percentage of average client assets\n0.14\u00a0\n%\n0.16\u00a0\n%\n0.16\u00a0\n%\nConsolidated Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (at year end)\n6.2\u00a0\n%\n6.3\u00a0\n%\n7.3\u00a0\n%\nNon-GAAP Financial Measures\n (4)\nAdjusted total expenses\n (5)\n$\n9,724\u00a0\n$\n6,759\u00a0\n$\n5,820\u00a0\nAdjusted diluted EPS \n(3)\n$\n3.25\u00a0\n$\n2.45\u00a0\n$\n2.70\u00a0\nReturn on tangible common equity\n22\u00a0\n%\n15\u00a0\n%\n21\u00a0\n%\n(1)\n 2021 includes outflows of $42.0 billion from certain mutual fund clearing services clients. 2020 includes inflows of $1.6 trillion related to the acquisition of TD Ameritrade, $79.9 billion related to the acquisition of the assets of USAA-IMCO, $8.5 billion related to the acquisition of Wasmer Schroeder, and $10.9\u00a0billion from a mutual fund clearing services client. 2019 includes inflows of $11.1 billion from certain mutual fund clearing services clients.\n(2) \n2020 includes 14.5 million new brokerage accounts related to the acquisition of TD Ameritrade and 1.1 million new brokerage accounts related to the acquisition of assets from USAA-IMCO.\n(3) \nIn connection with the acquisition of TD Ameritrade, Schwab issued approximately 586 million common shares to TD Ameritrade stockholders, increasing our weighted average common shares outstanding for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, compared to the year ended December\u00a031, 2019.\n(4) \nSee Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further details and a reconciliation of such measures to GAAP reported results.\n(5) \nAdjusted total expenses is a non-GAAP financial measure adjusting total expenses excluding interest. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures.\n- 31 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\n2021 Compared to 2020 \nSchwab delivered strong growth and financial performance in 2021, consistently executing on our \u201cThrough Clients\u2019 Eyes\u201d strategy throughout a fluctuating macroeconomic environment. Early in 2021 we saw strengthened investor optimism, fueled by an advancing economic recovery and signs of improvement in the COVID-19 pandemic. As the year progressed, debates increased over the pace of economic growth, the path of inflation, and the ultimate impact of multiple global market disruptions. After major equity indices rose throughout the first half of 2021, they were essentially flat during the summer months before ending the year at near-record levels. While short-term interest rates remained near zero throughout 2021, longer-term rates began to rise initially, then eased and rose again as the 10-year Treasury yield finally ended 2021 at 1.52%, up 59 basis points from year-end 2020.\nInvestors were actively engaged with the markets throughout 2021, including extraordinary trading volume in the first quarter, and client activity throughout the remainder of the year also generally exceeded the fourth quarter of 2020 when we included TD Ameritrade in our results for the first time. Asset gathering was strong throughout 2021, as core net new assets totaled $558.2\u00a0billion, representing an 8% annual organic growth rate from year-end 2020. We ended 2021 with $8.14 trillion in client assets and 33.2 million brokerage accounts, representing increases of 22% and 12%, respectively, from December 31, 2020. Even as we worked to support heightened levels of client activity during 2021, the Company continued to drive progress across our key strategic priorities of scale and efficiency, win-win monetization, and segmentation. We made significant progress on our integration of TD Ameritrade, and continue to expect to complete client conversion within 30 to 36 months from the October\u00a06, 2020 acquisition date. \nSchwab produced strong financial performance during 2021, reflecting consistent execution of our strategy, strong client engagement, and a generally supportive macroeconomic backdrop. Net income totaled $5.9 billion during 2021, increasing 77% from 2020, while diluted earnings per common share (EPS) amounted to $2.83, increasing 33% from the prior year. Adjusted diluted EPS \n(1)\n, which excludes acquisition and integration-related costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and related income tax effects, amounted to $3.25, increasing 33% from 2020. Our financial results were significantly impacted by the inclusion of TD Ameritrade for the full year of 2021.\nTotal net revenues increased 58% from 2020 to reach $18.5 billion in 2021, supported by growth across all of our major revenue streams. Net interest revenue totaled $8.0 billion in 2021, increasing 31% from 2020 primarily due to the inclusion of TD Ameritrade as well as significant growth in interest-earning assets, including rising investment portfolio balances and increased utilization of our range of lending products, partially offset by lower average yields. Asset management and administration fees grew 23% over the prior year to reach $4.3 billion due to the inclusion of TD Ameritrade as well as rising balances in advice solutions and both proprietary and third-party mutual funds and ETFs, partially offset by lower revenue on money market funds.\nTrading revenue was $4.2 billion in 2021, nearly three times the prior year total of $1.4 billion, as the full-year inclusion of TD Ameritrade and the overall strong trading environment drove a significant increase in DATs. Trading revenue was also helped in 2021 by a higher proportion of derivatives trades, which contributed to higher revenue per trade. A full year of bank deposit account fees totaled $1.3 billion in 2021. BDA balances totaled $158.6\u00a0billion at December 31, 2021, down 3% from the year-end 2020 balance of $163.5 billion, reflecting migrations to Schwab\u2019s balance sheet during 2021.\nTotal expenses excluding interest were $10.8 billion in 2021, increasing 46% from 2020 due to the full-year inclusion of TD Ameritrade\u2019s results as well as higher compensation and benefits expense, which was driven by additional headcount to support our expanding client base and a higher bonus accrual, as well as merit increases and a 5% employee salary increase we implemented at the end of the third quarter. During 2021, acquisition and integration-related costs were $468 million, increasing from $442 million in 2020, and amortization of acquired intangible assets totaled $615 million, rising from $190 million in 2020. Exclusive of these items, adjusted total expenses \n(1)\n were $9.7\u00a0billion in 2021, increasing 44% from 2020.\nReturn on average common stockholders\u2019 equity was 11% in 2021, growing from 9% in 2020, and return on tangible common equity \n(1)\n (ROTCE) was 22% in 2021, up from 15% in 2020. The increases in both return on average common stockholders\u2019 equity and ROTCE were primarily a result of significantly higher net income in 2021. \n(1)\n Adjusted diluted EPS, adjusted total expenses, and return on tangible common equity are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further details and a reconciliation of such measures to GAAP reported results.\n- 32 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nThe Company continued its consistent approach to balance sheet management in 2021, supporting overall growth and liquidity. Total balance sheet assets rose to $667.3 billion at December 31, 2021, increasing 22% from year-end 2020, driven primarily by client asset flows, as well as $10.6 billion in BDA balance migrations. We also added a net $10.2 billion to outstanding short-term borrowings and long-term debt for liquidity management purposes, and increased preferred stock by a net $2.3 billion to help support continued business growth. The Company\u2019s Tier 1 Leverage Ratio was 6.2% at year-end 2021. \nThough significantly heightened client activity levels during the first quarter of 2021 impacted our service quality at times, we took multiple actions to better deliver the service experience our clients deserve and rely on, including enhancing online self-service capabilities, streamlining our call-routing processes, and increasing hiring. Our efforts began yielding results early in the year, with significant improvement in client service levels by the end of the first quarter, and our service levels continued to be improved throughout the remainder of 2021 as client activity moderated.\n2020 Compared to 2019 \nThroughout the extraordinary macroeconomic environment that persisted during 2020, Schwab continued to execute on key strategic initiatives, and produced solid financial results. The impact of COVID-19, along with social and political turmoil, created an unprecedented combination of personal and macroeconomic challenges for our clients, employees, and stockholders. While working through these challenges, we progressed in advancing the Company\u2019s strategic goals to drive scale, monetization, and segmentation in ways that benefit our clients. Among the Company\u2019s key accomplishments in 2020 were the successful completion of the acquisition of TD Ameritrade and three other strategic acquisitions, as discussed below. \nThe COVID-19 pandemic\u2019s rapid escalation in early 2020 was accompanied by volatile equity markets and the Federal Reserve\u2019s further easing of monetary policy. As the year progressed, government aid packages and vaccine developments helped settle the markets, with the S&P 500\n\u00ae\n erasing its pandemic-related losses to finish up 16% for the year. Throughout 2020, client engagement with the financial markets greatly increased over the prior year, as client trading activity reached record levels. Core net new assets totaled $281.9 billion in 2020, representing our third consecutive year of over $200\u00a0billion. Total client assets reached $6.69 trillion spread across 29.6 million brokerage accounts, up 66% and 140%, respectively, from year-end 2019.\nAgainst this backdrop, Schwab\u2019s net income totaled $3.3 billion, down $405 million, or 11% from 2019, while the Company produced diluted EPS of $2.12, representing a decrease of 21% relative to 2019. Adjusted diluted EPS \n(1)\n amounted to $2.45 in 2020, down 9% from $2.70 in 2019. \nTotal net revenues reached $11.7 billion for the year, increasing 9% from 2019. During March 2020, the Federal Reserve acted to support the economy by cutting the Fed Funds rate from 1.75% to near zero and announcing significant asset purchase programs. Mortgage refinancing activity subsequently accelerated, and our net interest margin was impacted by both significantly lower interest rates and increased prepayments of mortgage-backed securities held in our investment portfolio. Strong growth in interest-earning assets via client inflows and allocation decisions, as well as our acquisitions of TD Ameritrade and assets of USAA-IMCO, helped limit the decrease in net interest revenue to 6%, resulting in a full-year 2020 total of $6.1\u00a0billion. \nGrowing balances in advisory solutions and a rebound in equity markets in 2020 helped drive an 8% increase in asset management and administration fees, which totaled $3.5 billion in 2020. Record client trading activity and the addition of TD Ameritrade in the fourth quarter contributed to an 88% increase in trading revenue, which reached $1.4 billion for the year, more than offsetting a full-year impact of the commission reductions implemented in the fourth quarter of 2019. With the TD Ameritrade acquisition, our fourth quarter 2020 results included bank deposit account fee revenue for the first time, which totaled $355 million for the period from October 6, through December 31, 2020.\nTotal expenses excluding interest increased 26% in 2020 to $7.4 billion, which included significant costs related to our acquisitions. With the completion of four acquisitions during the year, acquisition and integration-related costs totaled $442\u00a0million in 2020, representing a significant increase from the $26 million incurred in 2019. Amortization of acquired intangible assets also increased, totaling $190 million in 2020 compared with $27 million in 2019. Exclusive of these items, adjusted total expenses\u00a0\n(1)\n increased 16% from 2019. Return on average common stockholders\u2019 equity was 9% in 2020, down from 19% in 2019. ROTCE \n(1)\n was 15% in 2020, down from 21% in 2019. The 2020 decreases in both return on average common stockholders\u2019 equity and ROTCE were due to lower net income as well as significantly higher balances of common equity due to the TDA acquisition and higher AOCI in 2020, driven by unrealized gains in our AFS investment portfolio.\n(1)\n Adjusted diluted EPS, adjusted total expenses, and return on tangible common equity are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further details and a reconciliation of such measures to GAAP reported results.\n- 33 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nThroughout 2020, the Company maintained its disciplined approach to capital management, helping sustain significant balance sheet growth. Schwab\u2019s consolidated total assets ended 2020 at $549 billion, representing growth of $255 billion, or 87%, from year-end 2019, reflecting both our organic growth as well as the acquisitions of TD Ameritrade and the assets of USAA-IMCO. Through offerings in April and December, the Company issued preferred stock totaling approximately $5\u00a0billion in 2020, bringing total preferred stock to approximately $7.7 billion, or approximately 25% of Tier 1 Capital at December 31, 2020. The Company\u2019s Tier 1 Leverage Ratio was 6.3% at December 31, 2020.\nBusiness and Asset Acquisitions\nTD Ameritrade\n \nEffective October 6, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of TD Ameritrade. TD Ameritrade provides securities brokerage services, including trade execution, clearing services, and margin lending, through its broker-dealer subsidiaries; and futures and foreign exchange trade execution services through its FCM and FDM subsidiary. At the time of closing, TD Ameritrade had approximately $1.6 trillion in client assets and approximately 14.5 million brokerage accounts. TD Ameritrade\u2019s assets and liabilities were revalued and recorded at their estimated fair value as of the date of acquisition. \nThe Company expects to continue to incur significant acquisition and integration-related costs and integration-related capital expenditures throughout the integration process. Such costs have included, and are expected to continue to include, professional fees, such as legal, advisory, and accounting fees, compensation and benefits expenses for employees and contractors involved in the integration work, and costs for technology enhancements. The Company has also incurred exit and other related costs to attain anticipated synergies, which are primarily comprised of employee compensation and benefits such as severance pay, other termination benefits, and retention costs, as well as costs related to facility closures such as accelerated amortization and depreciation or impairments of assets in those locations. \nThe Company\u2019s estimates of the nature, amounts, and timing of recognition of acquisition and integration-related costs remain subject to change based on a number of factors, including the expected duration and complexity of the integration process and the continued uncertainty of the current economic environment. More specifically, factors that could cause variability in our expected acquisition and integration-related costs include the level of employee attrition, workforce redeployment from eliminated positions into open roles, changes in the levels of client activity, as well as increased real estate-related exit cost variability due to effects of the COVID-19 pandemic including changes in remote working trends.\nAs a result of the significant growth seen beginning in late 2020 and early 2021 across key client volume metrics, including the number of active brokerage accounts, DATs, and peak daily trades, the Company determined in 2021 to increase the scope of technology work related to the integration. In 2021, we commenced greater technology build-out to support the expanded volumes of our combined client base. Based on our current integration plans and expanded scope of technology work, the Company continues to expect to complete client conversion within 30 to 36 months from the October 6, 2020 acquisition date, and we expect to incur total acquisition and integration-related costs and capital expenditures of between $2.0 billion and $2.2\u00a0billion. \nAcquisition and integration-related costs, which are inclusive of related exit costs, totaled $468 million and $442 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the Company expects to incur acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $350-$400 million in 2022. Over the course of the integration, we continue to expect to realize annualized cost synergies of between $1.8 billion and $2.0 billion, and, through December 31, 2021, we have achieved approximately half of this amount on an annualized run-rate basis. The Company expects to have realized approximately 60% of our estimated annualized cost synergies by year-end 2022, with much of the remaining estimated cost synergies expected to be realized after the completion of client conversion and into 2024. Estimated timing and amounts of synergy realization are subject to change as we progress in the integration. See also Results of Operations \u2013 Total Expenses Excluding Interest, Non-GAAP Financial Measures, and Item 8 \u2013 Notes 3 and 16.\nAssets of USAA-IMCO and Other Acquisitions\nOn May 26, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of the assets of USAA-IMCO for $1.6\u00a0billion in cash. Along with the asset purchase agreement, the companies entered into a long-term referral agreement that makes Schwab the exclusive provider of wealth management and investment brokerage services for USAA members. The USAA-IMCO acquisition has added scale to the Company\u2019s operations through the addition of 1.1\u00a0million brokerage and managed portfolio accounts with approximately $80\u00a0billion in client assets at the acquisition date. The transaction also provides Schwab the opportunity to further expand our \n- 34 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nclient base by serving USAA\u2019s members through the long-term referral agreement. See Item 8 \u2013 Note 3 for more information on the USAA-IMCO acquisition.\nIn addition, during 2020 the Company completed its acquisition of technology and intellectual property of Motif, a financial technology company. The Motif assets help us build on our existing capabilities and help accelerate our development of thematic and direct index investing for Schwab\u2019s retail investors and RIA clients. Also during 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of Wasmer Schroeder, which adds established strategies and new separately managed account offerings to our existing fixed income lineup.\nRESULTS OF OPERATIONS\nTotal Net Revenues\nTotal net revenues of $18.5 billion and $11.7 billion for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively, represented growth of 58% and 9% from the prior periods. The increases in 2021 and 2020 were due primarily to our acquisition of TD Ameritrade, which contributed total net revenues of $7.6\u00a0billion in 2021 and $1.7\u00a0billion in 2020 from October 6, through December 31, 2020. \nYear Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nGrowth\u00a0Rate\n2020-2021\nAmount\n% of\nTotal\u00a0Net\nRevenues\nAmount\n% of\nTotal\u00a0Net\nRevenues\nAmount\n% of\nTotal\u00a0Net\nRevenues\nNet interest revenue\nInterest revenue\n30\u00a0\n%\n$\n8,506\u00a0\n46\u00a0\n%\n$\n6,531\u00a0\n56\u00a0\n%\n$\n7,580\u00a0\n71\u00a0\n%\nInterest expense\n14\u00a0\n%\n(476)\n(3)\n%\n(418)\n(4)\n%\n(1,064)\n(10)\n%\nNet interest revenue\n31\u00a0\n%\n8,030\u00a0\n43\u00a0\n%\n6,113\u00a0\n52\u00a0\n%\n6,516\u00a0\n61\u00a0\n%\nAsset management and administration fees\nMutual funds, ETFs, and collective trust funds \n\u00a0\u00a0(CTFs)\n11\u00a0\n%\n1,961\u00a0\n11\u00a0\n%\n1,770\u00a0\n15\u00a0\n%\n1,747\u00a0\n16\u00a0\n%\nAdvice solutions\n38\u00a0\n%\n1,993\u00a0\n11\u00a0\n%\n1,443\u00a0\n12\u00a0\n%\n1,198\u00a0\n11\u00a0\n%\nOther\n22\u00a0\n%\n320\u00a0\n1\u00a0\n%\n262\u00a0\n3\u00a0\n%\n266\u00a0\n3\u00a0\n%\nAsset management and administration fees\n23\u00a0\n%\n4,274\u00a0\n23\u00a0\n%\n3,475\u00a0\n30\u00a0\n%\n3,211\u00a0\n30\u00a0\n%\nTrading revenue\nCommissions\n177\u00a0\n%\n2,050\u00a0\n11\u00a0\n%\n739\u00a0\n6\u00a0\n%\n549\u00a0\n5\u00a0\n%\nOrder flow revenue\nN/M\n2,053\u00a0\n11\u00a0\n%\n621\u00a0\n6\u00a0\n%\n135\u00a0\n1\u00a0\n%\nPrincipal transactions\n(13)\n%\n49\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n56\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n68\u00a0\n1\u00a0\n%\nTrading revenue\n \n193\u00a0\n%\n4,152\u00a0\n22\u00a0\n%\n1,416\u00a0\n12\u00a0\n%\n752\u00a0\n7\u00a0\n%\nBank deposit account fees\nN/M\n1,315\u00a0\n7\u00a0\n%\n355\u00a0\n3\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nOther\n126\u00a0\n%\n749\u00a0\n5\u00a0\n%\n332\u00a0\n3\u00a0\n%\n242\u00a0\n2\u00a0\n%\nTotal net revenues\n58\u00a0\n%\n$\n18,520\u00a0\n100\u00a0\n%\n$\n11,691\u00a0\n100\u00a0\n%\n$\n10,721\u00a0\n100\u00a0\n%\nN/M Not meaningful. Percentage changes greater than 200% are presented as not meaningful.\nNet Interest Revenue\nSchwab\u2019s primary interest-earning assets include cash and cash equivalents; cash and investments segregated; margin loans, which constitute the majority of receivables from brokerage clients; investment securities; and bank loans. Revenue on interest-earning assets is affected by various factors, such as the composition of assets, prevailing interest rates and spreads at the time of origination or purchase, changes in interest rates on floating rate securities and loans, and changes in prepayment levels for mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and loans. Fees earned and expenses incurred on securities lending and borrowing activities are conducted by our broker-dealer subsidiaries using assets held in client brokerage accounts.\nSchwab\u2019s interest-bearing liabilities include bank deposits, payables to brokerage clients, short-term borrowings (e.g., Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances, commercial paper, secured borrowings by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, repurchase agreements), and long-term debt. Schwab deploys the funds from these sources into the assets outlined above. As Schwab builds its client base, we attract new client sweep cash, which is a primary driver of funding balance sheet growth. We do not use short-term, wholesale borrowings to support our long-term investment activity, but may use such funding for short-term liquidity purposes or to provide temporary funding. Non-interest-bearing funding sources include stockholders\u2019 equity, certain client cash balances, and other miscellaneous liabilities. \n- 35 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nThe Company\u2019s investment strategy is structured to produce an increase in net interest revenue when interest rates rise while attempting to moderate the decrease in net interest revenue when interest rates fall. In order to keep interest-rate sensitivity within established limits, management actively monitors and adjusts interest-rate sensitivity through changes in the balance sheet, primarily by adjusting the composition of our banking subsidiaries\u2019 investment portfolios. Schwab establishes the rates paid on client-related liabilities, and management expects that it will generally adjust the rates paid on these liabilities at some fraction of any movement in short-term rates. See also Risk Management \u2013 Interest Rate Risk Simulations.\nAs the U.S. economic recovery continued in 2021, interest rates remained historically low. Short-term rates remained near zero throughout 2021; longer-term interest rates began to rise early in the year, then remained largely unchanged before rising again in the fourth quarter. Elevated levels of prepayments on mortgage-backed securities persisted throughout the continued low interest rate environment in 2021 and resulted in accelerated reinvestment of the AFS portfolio; purchases of AFS securities totaled $171.7 billion. Schwab saw consistent strength in new client brokerage accounts and net new client assets throughout 2021, driving growth in Schwab\u2019s interest-earning assets. At the same time, client engagement in the equity markets increased and clients were net buyers of equity securities and other investment products, resulting in outflows of client cash and partially offsetting the growth in interest-earning assets.\nLate in the first quarter of 2020, the Federal Reserve cut the federal funds target overnight rate from 1.75% to near zero; on the longer end of the curve, the 10-year Treasury rate declined by over 120 basis points. Lower interest rates across maturities persisted from the end of the first quarter through the end of 2020, while credit spreads also compressed. Moreover, changes in the economic environment throughout 2020 resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic drove significantly higher levels of client cash sweep balances. As these balances rapidly accumulated in the first quarter of 2020, the Company initially placed a substantial amount in excess reserves held at the Federal Reserve, and subsequently deployed a significant amount of this cash build-up throughout 2020. AFS securities purchases in 2020 totaled $202.2\u00a0billion, and these purchases were made at rates below the average yield on the existing AFS portfolio due to the low interest rate environment.\nThe following table presents net interest revenue information corresponding to interest-earning assets and funding sources on the consolidated balance sheets:\nYear Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nAverage\nBalance\nInterest\nRevenue/\nExpense\nAverage\n\u00a0Yield/\nRate\nAverage\nBalance\nInterest Revenue/\nExpense\nAverage\n\u00a0Yield/\nRate\nAverage\nBalance\nInterest Revenue/\nExpense\nAverage\n\u00a0Yield/\nRate\nInterest-earning assets\nCash and cash equivalents\n$\n40,325\u00a0\n$\n40\u00a0\n0.10\u00a0\n%\n$\n39,052\u00a0\n$\n120\u00a0\n0.30\u00a0\n%\n$\n23,512\u00a0\n$\n518\u00a0\n2.17\u00a0\n%\nCash and investments segregated\n43,942\u00a0\n24\u00a0\n0.05\u00a0\n%\n34,100\u00a0\n141\u00a0\n0.41\u00a0\n%\n15,694\u00a0\n345\u00a0\n2.17\u00a0\n%\nReceivables from brokerage clients\n77,768\u00a0\n2,455\u00a0\n3.11\u00a0\n%\n28,058\u00a0\n848\u00a0\n2.97\u00a0\n%\n19,270\u00a0\n821\u00a0\n4.20\u00a0\n%\nAvailable for sale securities \n(1,2)\n357,122\u00a0\n4,641\u00a0\n1.30\u00a0\n%\n253,555\u00a0\n4,537\u00a0\n1.78\u00a0\n%\n58,181\u00a0\n1,560\u00a0\n2.67\u00a0\n%\nHeld to maturity securities \n(1,2)\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n134,708\u00a0\n3,591\u00a0\n2.65\u00a0\n%\nBank loans\n28,789\u00a0\n620\u00a0\n2.15\u00a0\n%\n20,932\u00a0\n545\u00a0\n2.60\u00a0\n%\n16,832\u00a0\n584\u00a0\n3.47\u00a0\n%\nTotal interest-earning assets\n547,946\u00a0\n7,780\u00a0\n1.41\u00a0\n%\n375,697\u00a0\n6,191\u00a0\n1.64\u00a0\n%\n268,197\u00a0\n7,419\u00a0\n2.75\u00a0\n%\nSecurities lending revenue\n720\u00a0\n334\u00a0\n147\u00a0\nOther interest revenue\n6\u00a0\n6\u00a0\n14\u00a0\nTotal interest-earning assets\n$\n547,946\u00a0\n$\n8,506\u00a0\n1.54\u00a0\n%\n$\n375,697\u00a0\n$\n6,531\u00a0\n1.73\u00a0\n%\n$\n268,197\u00a0\n$\n7,580\u00a0\n2.80\u00a0\n%\nFunding sources\nBank deposits\n$\n381,549\u00a0\n$\n54\u00a0\n0.01\u00a0\n%\n$\n291,206\u00a0\n$\n93\u00a0\n0.03\u00a0\n%\n$\n212,605\u00a0\n$\n700\u00a0\n0.33\u00a0\n%\nPayables to brokerage clients\n91,667\u00a0\n9\u00a0\n0.01\u00a0\n%\n46,347\u00a0\n12\u00a0\n0.02\u00a0\n%\n24,353\u00a0\n79\u00a0\n0.33\u00a0\n%\nShort-term borrowings \n(3)\n3,040\u00a0\n9\u00a0\n0.30\u00a0\n%\n89\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n0.20\u00a0\n%\n17\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n2.36\u00a0\n%\nLong-term debt\n17,704\u00a0\n384\u00a0\n2.17\u00a0\n%\n8,992\u00a0\n289\u00a0\n3.22\u00a0\n%\n7,199\u00a0\n258\u00a0\n3.58\u00a0\n%\nTotal interest-bearing liabilities\n493,960\u00a0\n456\u00a0\n0.09\u00a0\n%\n346,634\u00a0\n394\u00a0\n0.11\u00a0\n%\n244,174\u00a0\n1,037\u00a0\n0.42\u00a0\n%\nNon-interest-bearing funding sources\n53,986\u00a0\n29,063\u00a0\n24,023\u00a0\nSecurities lending expense\n24\u00a0\n33\u00a0\n38\u00a0\nOther interest expense\n(4)\n(9)\n(11)\nTotal funding sources\n$\n547,946\u00a0\n$\n476\u00a0\n0.09\u00a0\n%\n$\n375,697\u00a0\n$\n418\u00a0\n0.11\u00a0\n%\n$\n268,197\u00a0\n$\n1,064\u00a0\n0.39\u00a0\n%\nNet interest revenue\n$\n8,030\u00a0\n1.45\u00a0\n%\n$\n6,113\u00a0\n1.62\u00a0\n%\n$\n6,516\u00a0\n2.41\u00a0\n%\n(1)\n Amounts have been calculated based on amortized cost. Interest revenue on investment securities is presented net of related premium amortization.\n(2)\n On January 1, 2020, the Company transferred all of its investment securities designated as held to maturity (HTM) to the AFS category. See Item 8 \u2013 Note 6.\n(3)\n Interest revenue or expense was less than $500 thousand in the period or periods presented.\n- 36 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nNet interest revenue increased $1.9 billion or 31%, in 2021 from 2020, primarily due to the inclusion of TD Ameritrade as well as significant growth in overall interest-earning assets, including higher investment portfolio balances and margin lending, as well as growth in securities lending revenue and bank loans, partially offset by lower average yields. Accelerated premium amortization stemming from elevated prepayments of mortgage-related debt securities in the AFS portfolio continued in 2021 and partially offset the growth in net interest revenue. Net premium amortization of investment securities totaled $2.3 billion in 2021 and $1.6 billion in 2020. TD Ameritrade contributed total net interest revenue of $1.9\u00a0billion during the year ended December 31, 2021 and $443\u00a0million in 2020 from October 6, through December 31, 2020. \nAverage interest-earning assets for 2021 were higher by 46%, compared to 2020. This increase was largely due to higher bank deposits and payables to brokerage clients, which resulted from strong net new client asset inflows, continued heightened client cash allocations driven by the low interest rate environment, BDA balance migrations, and the inclusion of TD Ameritrade for all of 2021. \nOur net interest margin declined to 1.45% in 2021, from 1.62% in 2020. This decrease was driven primarily by lower overall yields received on interest-earning assets, in part due to purchases of investment securities in 2020 and 2021 at rates below the average yield on the AFS portfolio. This more than offset the benefit of increased securities lending revenue and higher margin utilization in 2021, which comprised 39% of net interest revenue during 2021, growing from 19% of net interest revenue in 2020. \nNet interest revenue decreased $403 million, or 6%, in 2020 from 2019, due primarily to lower average investment yields, partially offset by growth in interest-earning assets and our acquisition of TD Ameritrade. Accelerated premium amortization on debt securities in 2020 also contributed to the reduction in net interest revenue, as the decline in long-term interest rates in 2020 resulted in higher prepayments of mortgage-related debt securities. Average interest-earning assets for 2020 were higher by 40%, compared to 2019. This increase in average interest-earning assets was primarily driven by higher client cash balances in bank deposits and payables to brokerage clients, due to higher client cash allocations and our acquisitions of TD Ameritrade and assets of USAA-IMCO. TD Ameritrade contributed approximately $12.0 billion of average interest-earning assets and $9.6\u00a0billion of average interest-bearing liabilities to Schwab\u2019s full-year 2020 averages.\nOur net interest margin decreased to 1.62% in 2020, from 2.41% in 2019. This decrease was driven primarily by lower yields received on interest-earning assets due largely to the Federal Reserve\u2019s 2019 and 2020 interest rate reductions as well as higher premium amortization on mortgage-related debt securities. Due to the low interest rate environment, purchases of investment securities in 2020 were made at rates below the average yield on the existing AFS portfolio, which negatively impacted our net interest margin. \nAsset Management and Administration Fees\nAsset management and administration fees include mutual fund, ETF, and CTF service fees and fees for other asset-based financial services provided to individual and institutional clients. Schwab earns mutual fund, ETF, and CTF service fees for shareholder services, administration, and investment management provided to its proprietary funds, and recordkeeping and shareholder services provided to third-party funds. Asset management and administration fees are based upon the daily balances of client assets invested in these funds and do not include securities lending revenues earned by proprietary mutual funds, ETFs, and CTFs, as those amounts, net of program fees, are credited to the fund shareholders. Proprietary CTFs may, but generally do not, directly participate in securities lending. The fair values of client assets included in proprietary and third-party mutual funds, ETFs, and CTFs are based on quoted market prices and other observable market data.\nWe also earn asset management fees for advice solutions, which include managed portfolios, specialized strategies, and customized investment advice. Other asset management and administration fees include various asset-based fees such as trust fees, 401(k) recordkeeping fees, mutual fund clearing fees, and non-balance based service and transaction fees. Asset management and administration fees attributable to TD Ameritrade are primarily earned on client assets invested in money market mutual funds and other mutual funds, as well as advice solutions. \nAsset management and administration fees vary with changes in the balances of client assets due to market fluctuations and client activity. \n- 37 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nThe following table presents asset management and administration fees, average client assets, and average fee yields:\nYear Ended December 31,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nAverage\nClient\nAssets\nRevenue\nAverage\nFee\nAverage\nClient\nAssets\nRevenue\nAverage\nFee\nAverage\nClient\nAssets\nRevenue\nAverage\nFee\nSchwab money market funds before fee \n\u00a0\u00a0waivers\n$\n155,821\u00a0\n$\n457\u00a0\n0.29\u00a0\n%\n$\n200,119\u00a0\n$\n605\u00a0\n0.30\u00a0\n%\n$\n173,558\u00a0\n$\n525\u00a0\n0.30\u00a0\n%\nFee waivers\n(326)\n(127)\n\u2014\u00a0\nSchwab money market funds\n155,821\u00a0\n131\u00a0\n0.08\u00a0\n%\n200,119\u00a0\n478\u00a0\n0.24\u00a0\n%\n173,558\u00a0\n525\u00a0\n0.30\u00a0\n%\nSchwab equity and bond funds, ETFs, and \n\u00a0\u00a0CTFs\n423,999\u00a0\n380\u00a0\n0.09\u00a0\n%\n301,598\u00a0\n300\u00a0\n0.10\u00a0\n%\n267,213\u00a0\n298\u00a0\n0.11\u00a0\n%\nMutual Fund OneSource\n\u00ae\n and other non-\n\u00a0\u00a0transaction fee funds\n229,342\u00a0\n724\u00a0\n0.32\u00a0\n%\n192,464\u00a0\n599\u00a0\n0.31\u00a0\n%\n191,552\u00a0\n606\u00a0\n0.32\u00a0\n%\nOther third-party mutual funds and ETFs \n(1,2)\n898,248\u00a0\n726\u00a0\n0.08\u00a0\n%\n525,379\u00a0\n393\u00a0\n0.07\u00a0\n%\n478,037\u00a0\n318\u00a0\n0.07\u00a0\n%\nTotal mutual funds, ETFs, and CTFs \n(3)\n$\n1,707,410\u00a0\n1,961\u00a0\n0.11\u00a0\n%\n$\n1,219,560\u00a0\n1,770\u00a0\n0.15\u00a0\n%\n$\n1,110,360\u00a0\n1,747\u00a0\n0.16\u00a0\n%\nAdvice solutions \n(3)\nFee-based\n$\n452,503\u00a0\n1,993\u00a0\n0.44\u00a0\n%\n$\n306,010\u00a0\n1,443\u00a0\n0.47\u00a0\n%\n$\n246,888\u00a0\n1,198\u00a0\n0.49\u00a0\n%\nNon-fee-based\n89,911\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n73,161\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n70,191\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal advice solutions\n$\n542,414\u00a0\n1,993\u00a0\n0.37\u00a0\n%\n$\n379,171\u00a0\n1,443\u00a0\n0.38\u00a0\n%\n$\n317,079\u00a0\n1,198\u00a0\n0.38\u00a0\n%\nOther balance-based fees \n(4)\n614,787\u00a0\n259\u00a0\n0.04\u00a0\n%\n451,350\u00a0\n208\u00a0\n0.05\u00a0\n%\n432,613\u00a0\n216\u00a0\n0.05\u00a0\n%\nOther \n(5)\n61\u00a0\n54\u00a0\n50\u00a0\nTotal asset management and administration \n\u00a0\u00a0fees\n$\n4,274\u00a0\n$\n3,475\u00a0\n$\n3,211\u00a0\n(1)\n Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, Schwab ETF OneSource\nTM\n was discontinued as a result of the elimination of online trading commissions for U.S. and Canadian-listed ETFs.\n(2) \nBeginning in the fourth quarter of 2020, includes third-party money funds related to the acquisition of TD Ameritrade.\n(3) \nAverage client assets for advice solutions may also include the asset balances contained in the mutual fund and/or ETF categories listed above.\n(4) \nIncludes various asset-related fees, such as trust fees, 401(k) recordkeeping fees, and mutual fund clearing fees and other service fees.\n(5) \nIncludes miscellaneous service and transaction fees relating to mutual funds and ETFs that are not balance-based.\nAsset management and administration fees increased by $799 million, or 23%, in 2021 from 2020, due to the acquisition of TD Ameritrade, as well as additional growth in advice solutions and proprietary and third-party mutual funds and ETFs, which were due in part to strength in net new client assets and equity markets in 2021. These increases were partially offset by the effect of money market fund fee waivers due to lower portfolio yields as well as lower money market fund balances. Asset management and administration fees attributable to TD Ameritrade were $598\u00a0million in 2021 and $131\u00a0million from October 6, through December 31, 2020. The amount of fee waivers in coming quarters is dependent on a variety of factors, including the level of short-term interest rates and client preferences across our money market fund line-up. \nAsset management and administration fees increased by $264\u00a0million, or 8%, in 2020 from 2019, primarily due to higher balances in advice solutions, including managed account assets from USAA and TD Ameritrade, overall gains in equity markets, as well as higher purchased money market funds and other third-party mutual funds and ETFs, in 2020 relative to 2019. These increases were partially offset by the effect of money market fund fee waivers due to declining portfolio yields.\nThe following table presents a roll forward of client assets for the Schwab money market funds, Schwab equity and bond funds, ETFs, and CTFs, and Mutual Fund OneSource\n\u00ae\n and other non-transaction fee (NTF) funds. The following funds generated 29%, 40%, and 45% of the asset management and administration fees earned during 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively:\nSchwab Money\nSchwab Equity and\nMutual Fund OneSource\n\u00ae\nMarket Funds\nBond Funds, ETFs, and CTFs\nand Other NTF Funds\nYear Ended December 31,\n2021\n2020\n2019\n2021\n2020\n2019\n2021\n2020\n2019\nBalance at beginning of period\n$\n176,089\u00a0\n$\n200,826\u00a0\n$\n153,472\u00a0\n$\n341,689\u00a0\n$\n286,275\u00a0\n$\n209,471\u00a0\n$\n223,857\u00a0\n$\n202,068\u00a0\n$\n180,532\u00a0\nNet inflows (outflows)\n(29,621)\n(25,894)\n44,077\u00a0\n48,291\u00a0\n17,200\u00a0\n26,039\u00a0\n(15,760)\n(20,246)\n(19,930)\nNet market gains (losses) and other\n41\u00a0\n1,157\u00a0\n3,277\u00a0\n64,884\u00a0\n38,214\u00a0\n50,765\u00a0\n26,843\u00a0\n42,035\u00a0\n41,466\u00a0\nBalance at end of period\n$\n146,509\u00a0\n$\n176,089\u00a0\n$\n200,826\u00a0\n$\n454,864\u00a0\n$\n341,689\u00a0\n$\n286,275\u00a0\n$\n234,940\u00a0\n$\n223,857\u00a0\n$\n202,068\u00a0\n \n- 38 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nTrading Revenue\nTrading revenue includes commissions, order flow revenue, and principal transaction revenues. Commission revenue is affected by volume and mix of trades executed. Order flow revenue is comprised of rebate payments received from trade execution venues to which our broker-dealer subsidiaries send equity and option orders. Order flow revenue is affected by volume and mix of client trades, as well as pricing received from trade execution venues. Principal transaction revenue is recognized primarily as a result of accommodating clients\u2019 fixed income trading activity, and includes adjustments to the fair value of securities positions held to facilitate such client trading activity.\nThe following table presents trading revenue and related information:\nYear Ended December\u00a031,\nGrowth Rate\n2020-2021\n2021\n2020\n2019\nTrading Revenue\n193\u00a0\n%\n$\n4,152\u00a0\n$\n1,416\u00a0\n$\n752\u00a0\nClients' daily average trades (DATs) (in thousands)\n150\u00a0\n%\n6,507.0\u00a0\n2,602.6\u00a0\n748.9\u00a0\nNumber of trading days\n\u2014\u00a0\n251.5\u00a0\n252.0\u00a0\n250.5\u00a0\nRevenue per trade \n(1)\n18\u00a0\n%\n$\n2.54\u00a0\n$\n2.16\u00a0\n$\n4.01\u00a0\nNote: \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Effective October 7, 2019, CS&Co eliminated online trade commissions for U.S. and Canadian-listed stocks and ETFs, as well as the base charge on options. TD Ameritrade, Inc. also does not charge for these types of trades and does not have a base charge on options.\n(1)\n \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Revenue per trade is calculated as trading revenue divided by DATs multiplied by the number of trading days.\nTrading revenue increased $2.7 billion, or 193% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the acquisition of TD Ameritrade and heightened client engagement, which drove significantly higher DATs throughout 2021. This increased trading activity and a higher percentage of derivatives trades drove significant growth in commissions and order flow revenue. Overall, TD Ameritrade contributed $3.3\u00a0billion of trading revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with $667\u00a0million of trading revenue from October 6, 2020 through December 31, 2020.\nTrading revenue increased by $664\u00a0million, or 88%, in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the acquisition of TD Ameritrade. In addition, the Company saw a significant increase in DATs and higher order flow revenue in 2020, which were partially offset by the Company\u2019s October 2019 pricing actions. Order flow revenue increased by $486\u00a0million in 2020 compared to 2019. This increase in order flow revenue in 2020 was due to the acquisition of TD Ameritrade and a higher volume of trades throughout 2020 relative to 2019.\nBank Deposit Account Fees\nIn connection with our acquisition of TD Ameritrade, the Company began earning bank deposit account fee revenue beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020 pursuant to the IDA agreement and arrangements with other third-party banks. Bank deposit account fees are primarily affected by average BDA balances and the floating- and fixed-rate reference yields. Fees earned under the IDA agreement are affected by changes in interest rates and the composition of balances designated as fixed- and floating-rate. \nBank deposit account fees totaled $1.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 and $355 million from October 6, 2020 through December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31,\u00a02021 and the period of October 6, 2020 through December 31, 2020, the total average BDA balance was $158.4 billion\u00a0and $161.3 billion, respectively, of which approximately 80% was designated as fixed-rate obligation amounts and approximately 20% as floating-rate obligation amounts for both periods. \nDuring 2021, the Company transferred $10.6\u00a0billion of BDA balances to its balance sheet from the TD Depository Institutions and other third-party banks. Transfers of BDA balances to Schwab\u2019s balance sheet result in lower balances upon which bank deposit account fee revenue is earned but provide a source of funding to invest in interest-earning assets to increase net interest revenue. See also Capital Management and Item 8 \u2013 Note 15 for discussion of the IDA agreement and the potential to move IDA balances to Schwab\u2019s balance sheet. \nOther Revenue\nOther revenue includes exchange processing fees, certain service fees, software fees, and non-recurring gains. Other revenue increased $417\u00a0million, or 126%, in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to the full-year inclusion of TD Ameritrade\u2019s results in 2021. Other revenue attributable to TD Ameritrade totaled $462 million and $110 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. \n- 39 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nOther revenue increased $90 million, or 37%, in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to higher exchange processing fees resulting from higher trade volumes and the acquisition of TD Ameritrade.\nTotal Expenses Excluding Interest\nThe following table shows a comparison of total expenses excluding interest:\nGrowth Rate 2020-2021\n2021\n2020\n2019\nCompensation and benefits\nSalaries and wages\n31\u00a0\n%\n$\n3,161\u00a0\n$\n2,416\u00a0\n$\n1,958\u00a0\nIncentive compensation\n55\u00a0\n%\n1,443\u00a0\n932\u00a0\n804\u00a0\nEmployee benefits and other\n40\u00a0\n%\n846\u00a0\n606\u00a0\n558\u00a0\nTotal compensation and benefits\n38\u00a0\n%\n$\n5,450\u00a0\n$\n3,954\u00a0\n$\n3,320\u00a0\nProfessional services\n18\u00a0\n%\n994\u00a0\n843\u00a0\n702\u00a0\nOccupancy and equipment\n39\u00a0\n%\n976\u00a0\n703\u00a0\n559\u00a0\nAdvertising and market development\n49\u00a0\n%\n485\u00a0\n326\u00a0\n307\u00a0\nCommunications\n66\u00a0\n%\n587\u00a0\n353\u00a0\n253\u00a0\nDepreciation and amortization\n33\u00a0\n%\n549\u00a0\n414\u00a0\n322\u00a0\nAmortization of acquired intangible assets\nN/M\n615\u00a0\n190\u00a0\n27\u00a0\nRegulatory fees and assessments\n69\u00a0\n%\n275\u00a0\n163\u00a0\n122\u00a0\nOther\n97\u00a0\n%\n876\u00a0\n445\u00a0\n261\u00a0\nTotal expenses excluding interest\n46\u00a0\n%\n$\n10,807\u00a0\n$\n7,391\u00a0\n$\n5,873\u00a0\nExpenses as a percentage of total net revenues\nCompensation and benefits\n29\u00a0\n%\n34\u00a0\n%\n31\u00a0\n%\nAdvertising and market development\n3\u00a0\n%\n3\u00a0\n%\n3\u00a0\n%\nFull-time equivalent employees (in thousands)\nAt year end\n4\u00a0\n%\n33.4\n32.0\n19.7\nAverage\n36\u00a0\n%\n32.5\n23.9\n20.0\nN/M Not meaningful. Percentage changes greater than 200% are presented as not meaningful.\nTotal expenses excluding interest increased $3.4\u00a0billion, or 46%, in 2021 from 2020, and $1.5 billion, or 26%, in 2020 from 2019. Total expenses excluding interest included amounts from TD Ameritrade of $3.1 billion in 2021 and $943 million in 2020 from October 6, through December 31, 2020. Adjusted total expenses, which excludes acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets, increased $3.0 billion, or 44%, in 2021 from 2020 and $939\u00a0million, or 16%, in 2020 from 2019. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further details and a reconciliation of such measures to GAAP reported results. \nTotal compensation and benefits increased in 2021 from 2020 due to the inclusion of TD Ameritrade and growth in employee headcount. The 2021 increase reflected TDA\u2019s full-year contribution of $1.2 billion of compensation and benefits expense compared with $453 million in 2020. The increase in 2021 was also due to additional headcount to support our expanding client base and service levels amidst heightened client engagement, a higher bonus accrual, annual merit increases, as well as a 5% employee salary increase and other targeted compensation adjustments that went into effect in late 2021. Total compensation and benefits expense increased from 2020 to 2019, primarily due to an overall increase in employee headcount related to our acquisitions of TDA and USAA-IMCO. The increase in 2020 from 2019 also reflected the Company\u2019s payment of $1,000 to all non-officer employees in March 2020 to help them cover costs incurred due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Compensation and benefits included acquisition and integration-related costs of $283 million and $235 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. \nProfessional services expense increased in 2021 from 2020, primarily due to the inclusion of TDA\u2019s results of operations and overall growth in the business. The increase in 2020 from 2019 was primarily due to acquisition and integration-related costs in 2020 of $158 million. \nOccupancy and equipment expense increased in 2021 from 2020, primarily due the inclusion of TDA\u2019s results of operations, costs related to the integration of TD Ameritrade, and overall growth in the business. The increase in 2020 from 2019 was \n- 40 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nprimarily due to the inclusion of TDA\u2019s results of operations from October 6, 2020 forward, as well as an increase in technology equipment costs associated with higher client trade volumes and overall growth in the business.\nAdvertising and market development expense increased in 2021 from 2020, primarily due the inclusion of TDA\u2019s results of operations.\nCommunications expense increased in 2021 from 2020 primarily due to the inclusion of TDA\u2019s results of operations, as well as higher communications expense due to higher customer trade volumes and overall growth of the business. The increase in 2020 from 2019 was primarily due to the inclusion of TDA\u2019s results of operations from October 6, 2020 forward and higher news and quotation services expenses due to higher trade volumes. \nDepreciation and amortization expenses grew in 2021 from 2020, primarily from growth in fixed assets from the TDA acquisition. As a result of capital expenditures to support growth in the business and the integration of TD Ameritrade, 2021 also reflected higher amortization of purchased and internally developed software and higher depreciation of hardware, as well as higher depreciation of buildings. The growth in 2020 from 2019 was primarily due to higher amortization of purchased and internally developed software, higher depreciation and amortization of equipment, office facilities, and property recognized in the TDA acquisition, as well as higher depreciation of buildings and equipment related to the expansion of our U.S. campuses in 2019 and 2020. As a result of significant capital expenditures in 2021 and anticipated for 2022 as described below, the Company expects to recognize higher depreciation and amortization expense in 2022. The periods over which depreciation and amortization are recognized on these capitalized costs are based on the expected useful lives of the types of assets capitalized and when the assets are placed into service.\nAmortization of acquired intangible assets increased in 2021 from 2020 and in 2020 from 2019 as a result of the acquisitions completed during 2020. \nRegulatory fees and assessments increased in 2021 from 2020, primarily as result of the inclusion of TDA\u2019s results of operations and overall growth in the business, including higher FDIC assessments due to asset growth. The increase in 2020 from 2019 was primarily due to the inclusion of TDA\u2019s results of operations from October 6, 2020 forward, and higher FDIC insurance assessments and other regulatory assessments due to growth in assets and overall growth of the business in 2020. \nOther expenses increased in 2021 from 2020, primarily due to the inclusion of TDA\u2019s results of operations and a charge of approximately $200\u00a0million for a regulatory matter in 2021 (see Item 8 \u2013 Note 15), partially offset by certain lower clearing charges and exchange fees. The increase in 2020 from 2019 was primarily from the inclusion of TDA\u2019s results of operations from October 6, 2020 forward, and increases in processing fees and related expenses due to higher client trade volumes and market volatility. These increases were partially offset by lower travel and entertainment expense in 2020. Other expenses in 2020 included acquisition and integration-related costs of $30 million.\nCapital expenditures primarily include capitalized software costs, information technology and telecommunications equipment, and buildings. Total capital expenditures were $1.0 billion, $741 million, and $753 million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. The increase in capital expenditures in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to higher information technology and telecommunications equipment and higher capitalized software costs, partially offset by lower building expansion in 2021. The increases in spending in 2021 reflect investments made to support our TDA integration efforts and enhance our technological infrastructure to support greater capacity for our expanding client base. Capital expenditures decreased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to lower building expansion in 2020, largely offset by higher capitalized software costs. Capitalized software costs totaled $559\u00a0million, $453\u00a0million, and $188\u00a0million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Investments in information technology and telecommunications equipment were $340 million, $60 million, and $81 million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Investments in buildings were $102\u00a0million, $173\u00a0million, and $397\u00a0million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. \nCapital expenditures were 6% of total net revenues in 2021, within our estimated range for the year. In 2022, we will continue to invest to support the TDA integration and greater capacity for our expanding client base. We anticipate capital expenditures in 2022 will be approximately 4-5% of total net revenues. Our longer term expectation for capital expenditures remains in the range of 3-5% of total net revenues.\n- 41 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nTaxes on Income\nSchwab\u2019s effective income tax rate on income before taxes was 24.1% in 2021, 23.3% in 2020, and 23.6% in 2019. The increase in the effective tax rate in 2021 from 2020 was primarily related to non-recurring federal tax benefits recognized in 2020, including settlement of the IRS examination for tax years 2011-2014, the tax impact of a non-deductible regulatory matter charge in 2021 (see Item 8 \u2013 Note 15), and additional income tax expense from the filing of 2020 tax returns during 2021. Partially offsetting the increases in the effective tax rate from these items was an increase in equity compensation tax deduction benefits during 2021. The decrease in the effective tax rate in 2020 from 2019 was primarily due to federal and state tax benefits recognized during 2020, including settlement of the IRS examination of tax years 2011-2014, the expiration of the statute of limitations on certain federal and state uncertain tax positions, and tax benefits realized from the filing of state tax returns, as well as an increase in Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) benefits. Offsetting the decrease in the effective tax rate from these items was an increase in nondeductible acquisition costs and FDIC insurance premium disallowance, as well as a decrease in equity compensation tax deduction benefits. \nSegment Information\nRevenues and expenses are attributed to the two segments based on which segment services the client. Management evaluates the performance of the segments on a pre-tax basis. Segment assets and liabilities are not used for evaluating segment performance or in deciding how to allocate resources to segments. Net revenues in both segments are generated from the underlying client assets and trading activity; differences in the composition of net revenues between the segments are based on the composition of client assets, client trading frequency, and pricing unique to each. While both segments leverage the scale and efficiency of our platforms, segment expenses reflect the dynamics of serving millions of clients in Investor Services versus the thousands of RIAs on the Advisor Services platform.\nThe Company integrated its business and asset acquisitions during 2020 into its two existing reportable segments. Revenues and expenses from our acquisition of USAA-IMCO are allocated to Investor Services only; revenues and expenses from TD Ameritrade and our other 2020 acquisitions are attributed to both Investor Services and Advisor Services based on which segment services the client. See Item 8 \u2013 Note 3 for more information regarding acquisitions.\nFinancial information for our segments is presented in the following table:\nInvestor Services\nAdvisor Services\nTotal\nGrowth Rate\n2020-2021\n2021\n2020\n2019\nGrowth Rate\n2020-2021\n2021\n2020\n2019\nGrowth Rate\n2020-2021\n2021\n2020\n2019\nYear Ended December\u00a031,\nNet Revenues\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nNet interest revenue\n38%\n$\n6,052\u00a0\n$\n4,391\n$\n4,685\u00a0\n15%\n$\n1,978\u00a0\n$\n1,722\u00a0\n$\n1,831\u00a0\n31%\n$\n8,030\u00a0\n$\n6,113\u00a0\n$\n6,516\u00a0\nAsset management and \n\u00a0\u00a0administration fees\n23%\n3,130\u00a0\n2,544\n2,289\u00a0\n23%\n1,144\u00a0\n931\u00a0\n922\u00a0\n23%\n4,274\u00a0\n3,475\u00a0\n3,211\u00a0\nTrading revenue\nN/M\n3,753\u00a0\n1,156\n503\u00a0\n53%\n399\u00a0\n260\u00a0\n249\u00a0\n193%\n4,152\u00a0\n1,416\u00a0\n752\u00a0\nBank deposit account \n\u00a0\u00a0fees\nN/M\n964\u00a0\n255\n\u2014\u00a0\nN/M\n351\u00a0\n100\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nN/M\n1,315\u00a0\n355\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nOther\n115%\n562\u00a0\n262\n146\u00a0\n167%\n187\u00a0\n70\u00a0\n96\u00a0\n126%\n749\u00a0\n332\u00a0\n242\u00a0\nTotal net revenues\n68%\n14,461\u00a0\n8,608\n7,623\u00a0\n32%\n4,059\u00a0\n3,083\u00a0\n3,098\u00a0\n58%\n18,520\u00a0\n11,691\u00a0\n10,721\u00a0\nExpenses Excluding \n\u00a0\u00a0Interest\n50%\n8,289\u00a0\n5,529\n4,284\u00a0\n35%\n2,518\u00a0\n1,862\u00a0\n1,589\u00a0\n46%\n10,807\u00a0\n7,391\u00a0\n5,873\u00a0\nIncome before taxes \n\u00a0\u00a0on income\n100%\n$\n6,172\u00a0\n$\n3,079\n$\n3,339\u00a0\n26%\n$\n1,541\u00a0\n$\n1,221\u00a0\n$\n1,509\u00a0\n79%\n$\n7,713\u00a0\n$\n4,300\u00a0\n$\n4,848\u00a0\nNet new client assets\n\u00a0\u00a0(in billions) \n(1,2,3)\n(82)%\n$\n200.9\u00a0\n$\n1,106.4\n$\n115.6\u00a0\n(63)%\n$\n315.3\u00a0\n$\n846.1\u00a0\n$\n107.2\u00a0\n(74)%\n$\n516.2\u00a0\n$\n1,952.5\u00a0\n$\n222.8\u00a0\n(1) \nIn 2021, Investor Services includes outflows of $42.0 billion from mutual fund clearing services clients. \n(2)\n In 2020, Investor Services includes inflows of $890.7 billion related to the acquisition of TD Ameritrade and $79.9 billion related to the acquisition of assets of USAA-IMCO. Additionally, 2020 and 2019 include inflows of $10.9 billion and $11.1 billion, respectively, from certain mutual fund clearing services clients. \n(3)\n In 2020, Advisor Services includes inflows of $680.6 billion related to the acquisition of TD Ameritrade and $8.5 billion related to the acquisition of Wasmer Schroeder. \nN/M Not meaningful. Percentage changes greater than 200% are presented as not meaningful.\n- 42 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nSegment Net Revenues\nInvestor Services and Advisor Services total net revenues increased by 68% and 32%, respectively, in 2021 compared to 2020. Both segments experienced growth in all revenue line items, primarily due to the full-year inclusion of TD Ameritrade\u2019s results in 2021. In addition, net interest revenue increased for Advisor Services due to growth in interest-earning assets, partially offset by lower average yields. Growth in asset management and administration fees in Investor Services was supported by growth in advice solutions, and asset management and administration fees increased in both segments due to rising balances in proprietary and third-party mutual funds and ETFs, partially offset by money market fund fee waivers and lower money market fund balances. The increase in trading revenue for Investor Services was supported by heightened client trading activity. Bank deposit account fee revenue was earned at both segments for the full year in 2021 compared to only the fourth quarter of 2020, following the October 6, 2020 TD Ameritrade acquisition. \nInvestor Services total net revenues increased by 13% in 2020 from 2019, while Advisor Services total net revenues remained relatively consistent year-over-year. Investor Services\u2019 growth was primarily due to an increase in trading revenue, higher asset management and administration fees, and the initial recognition of bank deposit account fees in the fourth quarter of 2020, partially offset by lower net interest revenue. For Advisor Services, bank deposit account fees largely offset a decrease in net interest revenue, while trading revenue and asset management and administration fees were consistent with 2019. Trading revenue increased significantly in the Investor Services segment primarily due to the TD Ameritrade acquisition and higher trade volumes in 2020. Asset management and administration fees increased in 2020 for Investor Services primarily due to higher balances in advice solutions, including managed account assets from USAA and TD Ameritrade, as well as higher purchased money market funds and other third-party mutual funds and ETFs, partially offset by the effect of money fund fee waivers. Net interest revenue decreased for both segments primarily due to lower average investment yields, partially offset by growth in interest-earning assets. \nSegment Expenses Excluding Interest\nInvestor Services and Advisor Services total expenses excluding interest increased by 50% and 35%, respectively, in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the inclusion of a full year of TD Ameritrade\u2019s results of operations. In addition, both segments saw higher compensation and benefits expenses due to additional headcount increases to support our expanding client base and service levels amidst heightened client engagement, higher bonus accrual, as well as annual merit increases and a 5% employee salary increase that went into effect late in the third quarter. For Investor Services, total expenses excluding interest also increased due to a charge of approximately $200 million in 2021 for a regulatory matter (see Item 8 \u2013 Note 15). \nInvestor Services and Advisor Services total expenses excluding interest increased by 29% and 17%, respectively, in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the inclusion of TD Ameritrade\u2019s expenses from October 6, 2020 forward and acquisition and integration-related costs. Compensation and benefits increased in both segments primarily due to the acquisition of TDA and overall headcount growth to support our expanding client base, with Investor Services increasing more significantly due to greater headcount growth from the TDA acquisition and the hiring of approximately 400 former USAA employees in connection with the USAA-IMCO acquisition. Both segments also saw increases in professional services, depreciation and amortization, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and other expenses, primarily due to the inclusion of TDA\u2019s expenses from October 6, 2020 forward as well as acquisition and integration-related costs, with Investor Services\u2019 expenses increasing more significantly due to overall size of the segment\u2019s client base and greater client base growth from TDA.\nRISK MANAGEMENT\nSchwab\u2019s business activities expose it to a variety of risks, including operational, compliance, credit, market, and liquidity risks. The Company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. Despite our efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that Schwab will not suffer unexpected losses due to these risks.\nOur risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation controls; we use periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. The activities and governance that comprise the risk management process are described below.\n- 43 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nAs part of our integration of TD Ameritrade, the Company has aligned TD Ameritrade\u2019s risk management practices with Schwab\u2019s risk appetite. Our integration work included evaluating new or changed risks impacting the combined company, and taking action through various means. Though integration work continues, the Company\u2019s operations, inclusive of TD Ameritrade, remain consistent with our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework.\nCulture\nThe Board of Directors has approved an ERM framework that incorporates our purpose, vision, and values, which form the bedrock of our corporate culture and set the tone for the organization.\nWe designed the ERM Framework to enable a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered by Schwab in its business activities. The framework incorporates key concepts commensurate with the size, risk profile, complexity, and continuing growth of the Company. Risk appetite, which is defined as the amount of risk the Company is willing to accept in pursuit of its corporate strategy, is developed by executive management and approved by the Board of Directors.\nRisk Governance\nSenior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures under which specific business and control units are responsible for identifying, measuring, and controlling risks.\n \nThe Global Risk Committee, which is comprised of senior executives from each major business and control function, is responsible for the oversight of risk management. This includes identifying emerging risks, assessing risk management practices and the control environment, reinforcing business accountability for risk management, supervisory controls and regulatory compliance, supporting resource prioritization across the organization, and escalating significant issues to the Board of Directors.\nWe have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The risk metrics, with risk limits and tolerance levels, are established for key risk categories by the Global Risk Committee and its functional risk sub-committees.\nThe Chief Risk Officer regularly reports activities of the Global Risk Committee to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. The Board Risk Committee in turn assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to our risk management program, including approving risk appetite statements and related key risk appetite metrics and reviewing reports relating to risk issues from functional areas of corporate risk management, legal, and internal audit.\nFunctional risk sub-committees focusing on specific areas of risk report to the Global Risk Committee. These sub-committees include the:\n\u2022\nOperational Risk Oversight Committee \u2013 provides oversight of and approves operational risk management policies, risk tolerance levels, and operational risk governance processes, and includes sub-committees covering Information Security, Technology, Fraud, Third-Party Risk, Data, and Model Governance;\n\u2022\nCompliance Risk Committee \u2013 provides oversight of compliance risk management programs (inclusive of Anti-Money Laundering/Sanctions, Conduct, Fiduciary, and Privacy), policies, and risk tolerance levels providing an aggregate view of compliance risk exposure and employee conduct, including subcommittees covering Fiduciary and Conflicts of Interest Risk and International Compliance Risk;\n\u2022\nFinancial Risk Oversight Committee \u2013 provides oversight of and approves credit, market, liquidity, and capital risk policies, limits, and exposures; and\n\u2022\nNew Products and Services Risk Oversight Committee \u2013 provides oversight of, and approves corporate policy and procedures relating to, the risk governance of new products and services.\nSenior management has also created an Incentive Compensation Risk Oversight Committee, which establishes policy and reviews and approves the Annual Risk Assessment of incentive compensation plans, and reports directly to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. \nThe Company\u2019s finance, internal audit, legal, and corporate risk management departments assist management and the various risk committees in evaluating, testing, and monitoring risk management.\n- 44 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nIn addition, the Disclosure Committee is responsible for monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal quarter. The Disclosure Committee reports on this evaluation to the CEO and CFO prior to their certification required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.\nOperational Risk\nOperational risk arises due to potential inadequacies or failures related to people, internal processes, and systems, or from external events or relationships impacting the Company and/or any of its key business partners and third parties. While operational risk is inherent in all business activities, we rely on a system of internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep operational risk and operational losses within the Company\u2019s risk appetite. We have specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and use control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. Where appropriate, we manage the impact of operational loss and litigation expense through the purchase of insurance. The insurance program is specifically designed to address our key operational risks and to maintain compliance with local laws and regulation.\nSchwab\u2019s operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems. To the extent Schwab experiences business or system interruptions, errors or downtime (which could result from a variety of causes, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, technological failure, cyber\u00a0attacks, changes to systems, linkages with third-party systems, extreme weather, and power failures), our business and operations could be negatively impacted. To minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident regardless of duration, Schwab maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans and a well-established incident management program.\nInformation Security risk is the risk of unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, recording or destruction of the firm\u2019s information or systems. We have designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls and technologies to protect systems, client accounts and data. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement and other financial institutions to address potential threats. We use advanced monitoring systems to identify suspicious activity and deter unauthorized access by internal or external actors. We also maintain policies and procedures, which apply to employees, contractors, and third parties, regarding the standard of care expected with all data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-public client information. This includes limiting the number of employees who have access to clients\u2019 personal information and internal authentication measures enforced to protect against the unauthorized use of employee credentials. All employees who handle sensitive information are trained in privacy and security. Schwab\u2019s conduct and cybersecurity teams monitor activity looking for suspicious behavior. These capabilities allow us to identify and quickly act on attempted intrusions.\nFraud risk arises from attempted or actual theft of financial assets or other property of any client or the Company. Schwab is committed to protecting the Company\u2019s and its clients\u2019 assets from fraud and complying with all applicable laws and regulations to prevent, detect and report fraudulent activity. Schwab manages fraud risk through policies, procedures and controls. We also take affirmative steps to prevent and detect fraud and report, to appropriate authorities, any known or suspected acts of fraud in accordance with existing laws and requirements.\nSchwab also faces operational risk when we employ the services of various third parties, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. We manage the exposure to third-party risk and promote a culture of resiliency through internal policies, procedures and controls, and contractual provisions, control standards, ongoing monitoring of third-party performance, and appropriate testing with third-party service providers. \nModel risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. Models are owned by several business units throughout the organization, and are used for a variety of purposes. Model use includes, but is not limited to, calculating capital requirements for hypothetical stressful environments, estimating interest and credit risk for loans and other balance sheet assets, and providing guidance in the management of client portfolios. We have established a policy that aligns with Federal Reserve guidance on Model Risk Management SR11-7 to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use. All models are registered in a centralized database and classified into different risk ratings depending on their potential financial, reputational, or regulatory impact to the Company. The model risk rating determines the scope of model governance activities.\n- 45 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nIncentive Compensation risk is the potential for adverse consequences resulting from compensation plans that do not balance the execution of our strategy with risk and financial rewards, potentially encouraging imprudent risk-taking by employees. We have implemented risk management processes, including a policy, to identify, evaluate, assess, and manage risks associated with incentive compensation plans and the activities of certain employees, defined as Covered Employees, who have the authority to expose the Company to material amounts of risk.\nCompliance Risk\nSchwab faces compliance risk which is the potential exposure to legal or regulatory sanctions, fines or penalties, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from the failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, or other regulatory requirements. Among other things, compliance risks relate to the suitability of client investments, conflicts of interest, disclosure obligations and performance expectations for products and services, supervision of employees, and the adequacy of our controls. The Company and its affiliates are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and foreign regulatory authorities, including SROs. \nWe manage compliance risk through policies, procedures and controls reasonably designed to achieve and/or monitor compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. These procedures address issues such as conduct and ethics, sales and trading practices, marketing and communications, extension of credit, client funds and securities, books and records, anti-money laundering, privacy, and employment policies. \nPrivacy risk is the risk of unauthorized collection, use, storage, or sharing of personal information, including data incidents and other mismanagement of personal information. We manage privacy risk through policies, procedures, and controls reasonably designed to achieve and/or monitor compliance with these laws and regulations.\nAnti-money laundering/Sanctions risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, fines or penalties, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from the failure to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering (BSA/AML) and Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC)/global sanctions (collectively, \u201cAML\u201d) laws, regulations, rules, or other regulatory requirements. Schwab manages this risk through daily monitoring, a system of internal controls, education and training for appropriate personnel, and developing risk-based procedures for conducting ongoing customer due diligence and complying with beneficial ownership requirements for legal entity customers.\nConduct risk arises from inappropriate, unethical, or unlawful behavior of the Company, its employees or third parties acting on the Company\u2019s behalf that may result in detriment to the Company\u2019s clients, financial markets, the Company, and/or the Company\u2019s employees. We manage this risk through policies, procedures, a system of internal controls, including personnel monitoring and surveillance. Conduct-related matters are escalated through appropriate channels by the Corporate Responsibility Officer.\nFiduciary risk is the potential for financial or reputational loss through breach of fiduciary duties to a client. Fiduciary activities include, but are not limited to, individual and institutional trust, investment management, custody, and cash and securities processing. We manage this risk by establishing policy and procedures to ensure that obligations to clients are discharged faithfully and in compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Business units have the primary responsibility for adherence to the policy and procedures applicable to their business. Guidance and control are provided through the creation, approval, and ongoing review of applicable policies by business units and various risk committees.\nCredit Risk\nCredit risk is the potential for loss due to a borrower, counterparty, or issuer failing to perform its contractual obligations. Our exposure to credit risk mainly results from investing activities in our liquidity and investment portfolios, mortgage lending, margin lending and client option and futures activities, pledged asset lending, securities lending activities, and our role as a counterparty in other financial contracts. To manage the risks of such losses, we have established policies and procedures, which include setting and reviewing credit limits, monitoring of credit limits and quality of counterparties, and adjusting margin, PAL, option, and futures requirements for certain securities and instruments. \n- 46 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nLiquidity and Investment Portfolios\nSchwab has exposure to credit risk associated with its investment portfolios, which include U.S. agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, U.S. agency notes, U.S. Treasury securities, certificates of deposit, U.S. state and municipal securities, commercial paper, and foreign government agency securities.\nAt December\u00a031, 2021, substantially all securities in the investment portfolios were rated investment grade. U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities do not have explicit credit ratings; however, management considers these to be of the highest credit quality and rating given the guarantee of principal and interest by the U.S. government or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises.\nMortgage Lending Portfolio\nThe bank loan portfolio includes First Mortgages, HELOCs, PALs (discussed below), and other loans. The credit risk exposure related to loans is actively managed through individual loan and portfolio reviews. Management regularly reviews asset quality, including concentrations, delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, charge-offs, and recoveries. All are factors in the determination of an appropriate allowance for credit losses.\nOur residential loan underwriting guidelines include maximum LTV ratios, cash out limits, and minimum Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) credit scores. The specific guidelines are dependent on the individual characteristics of a loan (for example, whether the property is a primary or secondary residence, whether the loan is for investment property, whether the loan is for an initial purchase of a home or refinance of an existing home, and whether the loan size is conforming or jumbo). \nSchwab does not originate or purchase residential loans that allow for negative amortization and does not originate or purchase subprime loans (generally defined as extensions of credit to borrowers with a FICO score of less than 620 at origination), unless the borrower has compensating credit factors. For more information on credit quality indicators relating to Schwab\u2019s bank loans, see Item\u00a08 \u2013 Note 7.\u00a0\nSecurities and Instrument-Based Lending Portfolios\nCollateral arrangements relating to margin loans, PALs, option and futures positions, securities lending agreements, and securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements) include provisions that require additional collateral in the event of market fluctuations. Additionally, for margin loans, PALs, options and futures positions, and securities lending agreements, collateral arrangements require that the fair value of such collateral sufficiently exceeds the credit exposure in order to maintain a fully secured position.\nOther Counterparty Exposures\nSchwab performs clearing services for all securities transactions in its client accounts. Schwab has exposure to credit risk due to its obligation to settle transactions with clearing corporations, mutual funds, and other financial institutions even if Schwab\u2019s clients or a counterparty fail to meet their obligations to the Company.\nMarket Risk\nMarket risk is the potential for changes in earnings or the value of financial instruments held by Schwab as a result of fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, or market conditions. Schwab is exposed to market risk primarily from changes in interest rates within our interest-earning assets relative to changes in the costs of funding sources that finance these assets. \nTo manage interest rate risk, we have established policies and procedures, which include setting limits on net interest revenue risk and economic value of equity (EVE) risk. To remain within these limits, we manage the maturity, repricing, and cash flow characteristics of the investment portfolios. Management monitors established guidelines to stay within the Company\u2019s risk appetite.\nOur measurement of interest rate risk involves assumptions that are inherently uncertain and, as a result, cannot precisely estimate the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest revenue, bank deposit account fees, or EVE. Actual results may differ from simulated results due to balance growth or decline and the timing, magnitude, and frequency of interest rate changes, \n- 47 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nas well as changes in market conditions and management strategies, including changes in asset and liability mix. Financial instruments are also subject to the risk that valuations will be negatively affected by changes in demand and the underlying market for a financial instrument.\u00a0\nWe are indirectly exposed to option, futures, and equity market fluctuations in connection with client option and futures accounts, securities collateralizing margin loans to brokerage customers, and client securities loaned out as part of the brokerage securities lending activities. Equity market valuations may also affect the level of brokerage client trading activity, margin borrowing, and overall client engagement with Schwab. Additionally, we earn mutual fund and ETF service fees and asset management fees based upon daily balances of certain client assets. Fluctuations in these client asset balances caused by changes in equity valuations directly impact the amount of fee revenue we earn.\nOur market risk related to financial instruments held for trading is not material. \nInterest Rate Risk Simulations\nNet Interest Revenue Simulation\nFor our net interest revenue sensitivity analysis, we use net interest revenue simulation modeling techniques to evaluate and manage the effect of changing interest rates. The simulations include all balance sheet interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities. Key assumptions include the projection of interest rate scenarios with rate floors, prepayment speeds of mortgage-related investments, repricing of financial instruments, and reinvestment of matured or paid-down securities and loans. \nNet interest revenue is affected by various factors, such as the distribution and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the spread between yields earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, which may reprice at different times or by different amounts, and the spread between short- and long-term interest rates. Interest-earning assets include investment securities, margin loans, and bank loans. These assets are sensitive to changes in interest rates and changes in prepayment levels that tend to increase in a declining rate environment and decrease in a rising rate environment. Because we establish the rates paid on certain brokerage client cash balances and bank deposits and the rates charged on certain margin and bank loans, and control the composition of our investment securities, we have some ability to manage our net interest spread, depending on competitive factors and market conditions.\nNet interest revenue sensitivity analysis assumes the asset and liability structure of the consolidated balance sheet would not be changed as a result of the simulated changes in interest rates. As we actively manage the consolidated balance sheet and interest rate exposure, in all likelihood we would take steps to manage additional interest rate exposure that could result from changes in the interest rate environment. \nThe following table shows the simulated change to net interest revenue over the next 12 months beginning December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020 of a gradual 100\u00a0basis point increase or decrease in market interest rates relative to prevailing market rates at the end of each reporting period:\nDecember 31,\n2021\n2020\nIncrease of 100 basis points\n14.1%\n14.2%\nDecrease of 100 basis points\n(4.5)%\n(4.3)%\nThe Company\u2019s simulated increase of 100 basis points in market interest rates had a slightly lower impact on net interest revenue at year-end 2021 compared with year-end 2020 due to an increase in the Company\u2019s projected repricing of client deposit rates across higher market interest rate scenarios, which was partially offset as a result of holding a higher allocation of floating-rate assets on the balance sheet at December 31, 2021 relative to the prior year-end. A simulated decrease of 100 basis points in market interest rates had a slightly larger impact year-over-year primarily as a result of holding a higher allocation of floating-rate assets.\nHigher short-term interest rates would positively impact net interest revenue as yields on interest-earning assets are expected to rise faster than the cost of funding sources. A decline in interest rates could negatively impact the yield on the Company\u2019s investment and loan portfolio to a greater degree than any offsetting reduction in interest expense from funding sources, compressing net interest margin. \n- 48 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nIn addition to measuring the effect of a gradual 100 basis point parallel increase or decrease in current interest rates, we regularly simulate the effects of larger parallel- and non-parallel shifts in interest rates on net interest revenue.\nBank Deposit Account Fees Simulation\nConsistent with the presentation on the consolidated statement of income, the sensitivity of bank deposit account fee revenue to interest rate changes is assessed separately from the net interest revenue simulation described above. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, simulated changes in bank deposit account fee revenue from gradual 100 basis point changes in market interest rates relative to prevailing market rates did not have a significant impact on the Company\u2019s total net revenues. \nEconomic Value of Equity Simulation\nManagement also uses EVE simulations to measure interest rate risk. EVE sensitivity measures the long-term impact of interest rate changes on the net present value of assets and liabilities. EVE is calculated by subjecting the balance sheet to hypothetical instantaneous shifts in the level of interest rates. This analysis is highly dependent upon asset and liability assumptions based on historical behaviors as well as our expectations of the economic environment. Key assumptions in our EVE calculation include projection of interest rate scenarios with rate floors, prepayment speeds of mortgage-related investments, term structure models of interest rates, non-maturity deposit behavior, and pricing assumptions. Our net interest revenue, bank deposit account fee revenue, and EVE simulations reflect the assumption of non-negative investment yields.\nPhase-out of LIBOR\nThe Company continues to prepare for the phasing-out of LIBOR, undertaking many efforts coordinated by its firm-wide transition team. The LIBOR transition team is overseen by executive leadership and has organized its efforts to address both client-impacting and non-client-impacting workstreams. From a client perspective, the Company has established pages on the client-facing websites for CS&Co and TD Ameritrade, Inc. to provide information for our clients to help them understand how they may be impacted by LIBOR\u2019s discontinuation. In addition, we maintain internal informational resources for our client-facing employees\u2019 awareness regarding LIBOR\u2019s phase-out. \nThe Company\u2019s largest exposures to LIBOR are certain investment securities and loans. In purchasing new investment securities, we ensure that appropriate fallback language is in place in the event that LIBOR becomes unavailable or is deemed unreliable, and we have sold certain securities lacking appropriate fallback language. Additionally, in accordance with regulatory feedback, we are limiting our purchases of LIBOR-based securities, and we ensure that any new purchases of LIBOR-based securities were issued prior to January 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, substantially all of the Company\u2019s remaining investment securities with exposure to LIBOR provide for appropriate fallback in the event LIBOR is no longer available. Consistent with guidance from the Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a group of private-market participants jointly convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to help ensure a successful transition from LIBOR, the Company phased-out the use of LIBOR as a reference rate in new loans prior to year-end 2021, and the Company\u2019s portfolio of legacy loans have fallback language if LIBOR is no longer available.\nCertain of the Company\u2019s technology systems and financial models have historically utilized LIBOR, and we have now substantially transitioned our financial models and systems to alternative reference rates. In addition, we have transitioned the Company\u2019s IDA agreement and certain intercompany lending agreements that previously were tied to LIBOR to other appropriate reference rates. \nAdditional transition efforts to prepare for the phasing-out of LIBOR are ongoing. The floating dividend rates for our Series A, E, and F preferred stock are based on LIBOR. In addition, operational work remains to transition our legacy loan portfolio, in accordance with expected regulatory guidance, to alternate reference rates that are consistent with the fallback language included in the contracts. \nLiquidity Risk\nLiquidity risk is the potential that Schwab will be unable to sell assets or meet cash flow obligations when they come due without incurring unacceptable losses.\n- 49 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nDue to its role as a source of financial strength, CSC\u2019s liquidity needs are primarily driven by the liquidity and capital needs of: CS&Co, TD Ameritrade, Inc., and TDAC, our principal broker-dealer subsidiaries; the capital needs of the banking subsidiaries; principal and interest due on corporate debt; dividend payments on CSC\u2019s preferred stock; and returns of capital to common stockholders. The liquidity needs of our broker-dealer subsidiaries are primarily driven by client activity including trading and margin lending activities and capital expenditures. The capital needs of the banking subsidiaries are primarily driven by client deposit levels. We have established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies, while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. We seek to maintain client confidence in the balance sheet and the safety of client assets by maintaining liquidity and diversity of funding sources to allow the Company to meet its obligations. To this end, we have established limits and contingency funding scenarios to support liquidity levels during both business as usual and stressed conditions.\nWe employ a variety of methodologies to monitor and manage liquidity. We conduct regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. Liquidity is also tested at certain subsidiaries and results are reported to the Financial Risk Oversight Committee. A number of early warning indicators are monitored to help identify emerging liquidity stresses in the market or within the organization and are reviewed with management as appropriate.\nPrimary Funding Sources\nSchwab\u2019s primary source of funds is cash generated by client activity which includes bank deposits and cash balances in client brokerage accounts. These funds are used to purchase investment securities and extend loans to clients. \nOther sources of funds may include cash flows from operations, maturities and sales of investment securities, repayments on loans, securities lending of assets held in client brokerage accounts, repurchase agreements, and cash provided by external financing.\nTo meet daily funding needs, we maintain liquidity in the form of overnight cash deposits and short-term investments. For unanticipated liquidity needs, we also maintain a buffer of highly liquid investments, including U.S. Treasury securities.\nAdditional Funding Sources\nIn addition to internal sources of liquidity, Schwab has access to external funding. The need for short-term borrowings from external debt facilities arises primarily from timing differences between cash flow requirements, scheduled liquidation of interest-earning investments, movements of cash to meet regulatory brokerage client cash segregation requirements, and general corporate purposes. We maintain policies and procedures necessary to access funding and test discount window borrowing procedures on a periodic basis.\nThe following table describes external debt facilities available at December\u00a031, 2021:\nDescription\nBorrower\nOutstanding\nAvailable\nFederal Home Loan Bank secured credit facilities\nBanking subsidiaries\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n63,476\u00a0\nFederal Reserve discount window\nBanking subsidiaries\n\u2014\u00a0\n11,957\u00a0\nUncommitted, unsecured lines of credit with various external banks\nCSC, CS&Co\n\u2014\u00a0\n1,522\u00a0\nUnsecured commercial paper\n (1)\nCSC\n3,006\u00a0\n1,994\u00a0\nCommitted, unsecured credit facility with various external banks\nTDAC\n\u2014\u00a0\n600\u00a0\nSecured uncommitted lines of credit with various external banks \n(2)\nTDAC\n1,850\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n(1)\n In October 2021, the Company increased the amount of commercial paper available to issue from $1.5 billion to $5.0 billion.\n(2)\n Secured borrowing capacity is made available based on TDAC\u2019s ability to provide acceptable collateral to the lenders as determined by the credit agreements.\nOur banking subsidiaries maintain secured credit facilities with the FHLB. Amounts available under these facilities are dependent on the value of our First Mortgages, HELOCs, and the fair value of certain of our investment securities that are pledged as collateral. These credit facilities are also available as backup financing in the event the outflow of client cash from the banking subsidiaries\u2019 respective balance sheets is greater than maturities and paydowns on investment securities and bank loans. \n- 50 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nOur banking subsidiaries also have access to short-term secured funding through the Federal Reserve discount window. Amounts available under the Federal Reserve discount window are dependent on the fair value of certain investment securities that are pledged as collateral. Our banking subsidiaries may also engage with external banks in repurchase agreements collateralized by investments securities as another source of short-term liquidity. \nCSC has a commercial paper program of which proceeds are used for general corporate purposes. The maturities of the Commercial Paper Notes may vary, but are not to exceed 270 days from the date of issue. CSC\u2019s ratings for these short-term borrowings were P1 by Moody\u2019s, A1 by Standard & Poor\u2019s, and F1 by Fitch at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020. CSC also has a universal automatic shelf registration statement on file with the SEC, which enables it to issue debt, equity, and other securities. CS&Co maintains uncommitted, unsecured bank credit lines with a group of banks as a source of short-term liquidity, which can also be accessed by CSC. TDAC maintains a senior unsecured committed revolving credit facility with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $600 million, which matures in April 2022. TDAC also maintains secured uncommitted lines of credit, under which TDAC borrows on either a demand or short-term basis and pledges client margin securities as collateral. \nTo support growth in margin loan balances at our broker-dealer subsidiaries while meeting our LCR requirements, the Company issues commercial paper or draws on secured lines of credit, in addition to capital markets issuances.\nLiquidity Coverage Ratio\nBeginning October 1, 2021, Schwab became subject to the full (100%) LCR, which requires the Company to hold HQLA in an amount equal to at least 100% of the Company\u2019s projected net cash outflows over a prospective 30-calendar-day period of acute liquidity stress, calculated each business day. See Item\u00a01 \u2013 Regulation for additional information. The Company was in compliance with the full LCR rule at December\u00a031, 2021, and the table below presents information about our average daily LCR: \nAverage for the\nThree Months Ended December 31, 2021\nTotal eligible HQLA\n$\n117,507\u00a0\nNet cash outflows\n$\n110,405\u00a0\nLCR\n106\u00a0\n%\nBorrowings\nThe Company had $4.9\u00a0billion of short-term borrowings outstanding as of December\u00a031, 2021 and none at December\u00a031, 2020. Long-term debt is primarily comprised of Senior Notes and totaled $18.9 billion and $13.6 billion at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. \nThe following table provides information about our Senior Notes outstanding as of December\u00a031, 2021:\nPar Outstanding\nMaturity\nWeighted-Average\nInterest\u00a0Rate\nMoody\u2019s\nStandard\n& Poor\u2019s\nFitch\nCSC Senior Notes\n$\n17,768\u00a0\n2022 - 2031\n2.35%\nA2\nA\nA\nTDA Holding Senior Notes\n963\u00a0\n2022 - 2029\n3.06%\nA2\nA\n\u2014\n- 51 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nAll debt issuances in 2021, 2020, and 2019 were senior unsecured obligations. Additional details of these debt issuances are as follows:\nIssuance Date\nIssuance Amount\nMaturity Date\nInterest Rate\nInterest Payable\nMay 22, 2019\n$\n600\u00a0\n5/22/2029\n3.250%\nSemi-annually\nMarch 24, 2020\n$\n600\u00a0\n3/24/2025\n4.200%\nSemi-annually\nMarch 24, 2020\n$\n500\u00a0\n3/22/2030\n4.625%\nSemi-annually\nDecember 11, 2020\n$\n1,250\u00a0\n3/11/2026\n0.900%\nSemi-annually\nDecember 11, 2020\n$\n750\u00a0\n3/11/2031\n1.650%\nSemi-annually\nMarch 18, 2021\n$\n1,250\u00a0\n3/18/2024\nSOFR \n(1)\n + 0.500%\nQuarterly\nMarch 18, 2021\n$\n1,500\u00a0\n3/18/2024\n0.750%\nSemi-annually\nMarch 18, 2021\n$\n1,250\u00a0\n3/20/2028\n2.000%\nSemi-annually\nMay 13, 2021\n$\n500\u00a0\n5/13/2026\nSOFR \n(1)\n + 0.520%\nQuarterly\nMay 13, 2021\n$\n1,000\u00a0\n5/13/2026\n1.150%\nSemi-annually\nMay 13, 2021\n$\n750\u00a0\n5/13/2031\n2.300%\nSemi-annually\nAugust 26, 2021\n$\n850\u00a0\n12/1/2031\n1.950%\nSemi-annually\n(1)\n Secured Overnight Financing Rate\nDuring the third quarter of 2021, we completed a debt exchange offer related to certain senior notes issued by TDA Holding for an equivalent amount of senior notes issued by CSC. For further discussion of the exchange, see Item 8 \u2013 Note 13.\nEquity Issuances and Redemptions \nCSC\u2019s preferred stock issued and net proceeds for 2020 and 2021 shown below. The Company did not issue any equity through external offerings during 2019.\nDate Issued and Sold\nNet Proceeds\nSeries G\nApril 30, 2020\n$\n2,470\u00a0\nSeries H\nDecember 11, 2020\n$\n2,470\u00a0\nSeries I\nMarch 18, 2021\n$\n2,222\u00a0\nSeries J\nMarch 30, 2021\n$\n584\u00a0\nOn June 1, 2021, the Company redeemed all of the outstanding shares of its 6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C, and the corresponding depositary shares. The redemption was funded with the net proceeds from the Series J preferred stock offering.\nFor further discussion, see Item\u00a08 \u2013 Note 13 for the Company\u2019s outstanding debt and borrowing facilities and Item 8 \u2013 Note 19 for equity outstanding balances, issuances, and redemptions.\nContractual Obligations\nSchwab\u2019s principal contractual obligations as of December\u00a031, 2021 include credit-related financial instruments, representing our banking subsidiaries\u2019 commitments to extend credit to banking clients, purchase mortgage loans, and fund CRA investments; payments on short-term borrowings and long-term debt; purchase obligations for services such as advertising and marketing, telecommunications, hardware- and software-related agreements, and professional services; and lease payments including legally-binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. For information on our contractual obligations for credit-related financial instruments, short-term borrowings and long-term debt, and leases, see Part II, Item 8 \u2013 Notes 15, 13, and 14, respectively. As of December\u00a031, 2021, the Company had total short-term purchase obligations of $484\u00a0million and total long-term purchase obligations of $532\u00a0million. \n- 52 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nSchwab also enters into guarantees and other similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business. For information on these arrangements, see Item\u00a08 \u2013 Notes 7, 11, 13, 15, and 17.\u00a0Pursuant to the IDA agreement, certain brokerage client deposits are required to be swept off-balance sheet to the TD Depository Institutions. We also maintain agreements pursuant to which certain client brokerage cash deposits are swept to other third-party depository institutions. See Item 8 \u2013 Notes 3 and 15 for additional information on the IDA agreement.\nCAPITAL MANAGEMENT\n \nSchwab seeks to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support execution of our business strategy, including anticipated balance sheet growth inclusive of migration of IDA balances (see further discussion below), providing financial support to our subsidiaries, and sustained access to the capital markets, while at the same time meeting our regulatory capital requirements and serving as a source of financial strength to our banking subsidiaries. Schwab\u2019s primary sources of capital are funds generated by the operations of subsidiaries and securities issuances by CSC in the capital markets. To ensure that Schwab has sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses or declines in asset values, we have adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios. \nInternal guidelines are set, for both CSC and its regulated subsidiaries, to ensure capital levels are in line with our strategy and regulatory requirements. Capital forecasts are reviewed monthly at Asset-Liability Management and Pricing Committee and Financial Risk Oversight Committee meetings. A number of early warning indicators are monitored to help identify potential problems that could impact capital. In addition, we monitor the subsidiaries\u2019 capital levels and requirements. Subject to regulatory capital requirements and any required approvals, any excess capital held by subsidiaries is transferred to CSC in the form of dividends and returns of capital. When subsidiaries have need of additional capital, funds are provided by CSC as equity investments and also as subordinated loans (in a form approved as regulatory capital by regulators) for CS&Co. The details and method used for each cash infusion are based on an analysis of the particular entity\u2019s needs and financing alternatives. The amounts and structure of infusions must take into consideration maintenance of regulatory capital requirements, debt/equity ratios, and equity double leverage ratios.\nSchwab conducts regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events to which the Company could be subjected. The objective of the capital stress testing is (1) to explore various potential outcomes \u2013 including rare and extreme events and (2) to assess impacts of potential stressful outcomes on both capital and liquidity. Additionally, we have a comprehensive Capital Contingency Plan to provide action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the Company might face. The Capital Contingency Plan is issued under the authority of the Financial Risk Oversight Committee and provides guidelines for sustained capital events. It does not specifically address every contingency, but is designed to provide a framework for responding to any capital stress. The results of the stress testing indicate there are two scenarios which could stress the Company\u2019s capital: (1) inflows of balance sheet cash during a period of very low interest rates and (2) outflows of balance sheet cash when other sources of financing are not available and the Company is required to sell assets to fund the flows at a loss. The Capital Contingency Plan is reviewed annually and updated as appropriate.\nFor additional information, see Business \u2013 Regulation in Part I, Item 1.\nRegulatory Capital Requirements\nCSC is subject to capital requirements set by the Federal Reserve and is required to serve as a source of strength for our banking subsidiaries and to provide financial assistance if our banking subsidiaries experience financial distress. Schwab is required to maintain a Tier\u00a01 Leverage Ratio for CSC of at least 4%, and we have a long-term operating objective of 6.75%-7.00%. Due to the relatively low risk of our balance sheet assets and risk-based capital ratios at CSC and CSB that are well in excess of regulatory requirements, the Tier 1 Leverage Ratio is the most restrictive capital constraint on CSC\u2019s asset growth.\nOur banking subsidiaries are subject to capital requirements set by their regulators that are substantially similar to those imposed on CSC by the Federal Reserve. Our banking subsidiaries\u2019 failure to remain well capitalized could result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by the regulators that could have a direct material effect on the banks. Schwab\u2019s principal banking subsidiary, CSB, is required to maintain a Tier 1 Leverage Ratio of at least 5% to be well capitalized, but seeks to maintain a ratio of at least 6.25%. Based on its regulatory capital ratios at December\u00a031, 2021, CSB is considered well capitalized.\n- 53 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nCSB is also subject to regulatory requirements that restrict and govern the terms of affiliate transactions. In addition, CSB is required to provide notice to, and may be required to obtain approval from, the Federal Reserve and the Texas Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending (TDSML) to declare dividends to CSC. As broker-dealers, CS&Co, TDAC, and TD Ameritrade, Inc., are subject to regulatory requirements of the Uniform Net Capital Rule, which is intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers. These regulations prohibit the broker-dealer subsidiaries from paying cash dividends, making unsecured advances and loans to CSC and employees, and repaying subordinated borrowings from CSC if such payment would result in a net capital amount below prescribed thresholds. At December\u00a031, 2021, CS&Co, TDAC, and TD Ameritrade, Inc. were in compliance with their respective net capital requirements.\nIn addition to the capital requirements above, Schwab\u2019s subsidiaries are subject to other regulatory requirements intended to ensure financial soundness and liquidity. See Item\u00a08 \u2013 Note 23 for additional information on the components of stockholders\u2019 equity and information on the capital requirements of significant subsidiaries.\nThe following table details the capital ratios for CSC consolidated and CSB:\nDecember\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\nCSC\nCSB\nCSC\nCSB\nTotal stockholders\u2019 equity\n$\n56,261\u00a0\n$\n27,035\u00a0\n$\n56,060\u00a0\n$\n22,223\u00a0\nLess:\nPreferred stock\n9,954\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n7,733\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nCommon Equity Tier 1 Capital before regulatory adjustments\n$\n46,307\u00a0\n$\n27,035\u00a0\n$\n48,327\u00a0\n$\n22,223\u00a0\nLess:\nGoodwill, net of associated deferred tax liabilities\n$\n11,857\u00a0\n$\n13\u00a0\n$\n11,897\u00a0\n$\n13\u00a0\nOther intangible assets, net of associated deferred tax liabilities\n7,579\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n8,103\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nDeferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances and deferred tax liabilities\n13\u00a0\n12\u00a0\n17\u00a0\n12\u00a0\nAOCI adjustment\n(1,109)\n(1,004)\n5,394\u00a0\n4,672\u00a0\nCommon Equity Tier 1 Capital\u00a0\n$\n27,967\u00a0\n$\n28,014\u00a0\n$\n22,916\u00a0\n$\n17,526\u00a0\nTier 1 Capital\n$\n37,921\u00a0\n$\n28,014\u00a0\n$\n30,649\u00a0\n$\n17,526\u00a0\nTotal Capital\n37,950\u00a0\n28,033\u00a0\n30,688\u00a0\n17,558\u00a0\nRisk-Weighted Assets\n141,969\u00a0\n104,409\u00a0\n123,881\u00a0\n91,062\u00a0\nTotal Leverage Exposure\n614,466\u00a0\n400,532\u00a0\n491,469\u00a0\n325,437\u00a0\nCommon Equity Tier 1 Capital/Risk-Weighted Assets\n19.7\u00a0\n%\n26.8\u00a0\n%\n18.5\u00a0\n%\n19.2\u00a0\n%\nTier 1 Capital/Risk-Weighted Assets\n26.7\u00a0\n%\n26.8\u00a0\n%\n24.7\u00a0\n%\n19.2\u00a0\n%\nTotal Capital/Risk-Weighted Assets\n26.7\u00a0\n%\n26.8\u00a0\n%\n24.8\u00a0\n%\n19.3\u00a0\n%\nTier 1 Leverage Ratio\n6.2\u00a0\n%\n7.1\u00a0\n%\n6.3\u00a0\n%\n5.5\u00a0\n%\nSupplementary Leverage Ratio\n6.2\u00a0\n%\n7.0\u00a0\n%\n6.2\u00a0\n%\n5.4\u00a0\n%\nAs a result of significant inflows of client cash in 2020, our Tier 1 Leverage Ratio for consolidated CSC and CSB declined below our long-term operating objectives. In 2021, the Company\u2019s issuances of preferred stock and strength in earnings helped to largely maintain our Tier 1 Leverage Ratio, even as bank deposits and payables to brokerage clients grew by a total of $107.2\u00a0billion, or 23%, during the year. We ended 2021 with a consolidated Tier 1 Leverage Ratio of 6.2%, down slightly from the prior year-end of 6.3%. Earnings in 2021 as well as capital contributions from CSC drove an increase in CSB\u2019s Tier 1 Leverage Ratio from 5.5% at year-end 2020 to 7.1% at year-end 2021. Though our Tier 1 Leverage Ratio is below our long-term operating objective for consolidated CSC, this ratio is well above the regulatory minimum. The pace of return to our long-term operating objective over time depends on a number of factors including the overall size of the Company\u2019s balance sheet, earnings, and capital issuance and deployment. \nIDA Agreement\nThrough December 31, 2021, Schwab had moved $10.1 billion of IDA balances to its balance sheet, which included uninsured balances and certain international account balances. The Company\u2019s overall capital management strategy includes supporting migration of IDA balances in future periods as available pursuant to the terms of the IDA agreement. The Company\u2019s ability to migrate these balances to its balance sheet is dependent upon multiple factors including having sufficient capital levels to sustain \n- 54 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nthese incremental deposits and the availability of IDA balances designated as floating-rate obligations. See Item 8 \u2013 Note 15 for further information on the IDA agreement.\nDividends\nSince the initial dividend in 1989, CSC has paid 131\u00a0consecutive quarterly dividends and has increased the quarterly dividend rate 25\u00a0times, resulting in a 20% compounded annual growth rate, excluding the special cash dividend of $1.00\u00a0per common share in 2007. While the payment and amount of dividends are at the discretion of the Board of Directors, subject to certain regulatory and other restrictions, CSC currently targets its common and nonvoting common stock cash dividend at approximately 20% to 30% of net income.\nThe Board of Directors of the Company declared a quarterly cash dividend increase per common share during 2020 as shown below:\nDate of Declaration\nQuarterly Cash Increase Per Common Share\n% Increase\nNew Quarterly Dividend Per Common Share\nJanuary 30, 2020\n$\n0.01\u00a0\n6\u00a0\n%\n$\n0.18\u00a0\nIn addition, on January 26, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a two cent, or 11%, increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $0.20 per common share.\nThe following table details the CSC cash dividends paid and per share amounts:\nYear Ended December 31,\n2021\n2020\nCash Paid\nPer Share\nAmount\nCash Paid\nPer Share\nAmount\nCommon and Nonvoting Common Stock\n$\n1,366\u00a0\n$\n0.72\u00a0\n$\n1,039\u00a0\n$\n0.72\u00a0\nSeries A Preferred Stock\n (1)\n28\u00a0\n70.00\u00a0\n28\u00a0\n70.00\u00a0\nSeries C Preferred Stock \n(2)\n18\u00a0\n30.00\u00a0\n36\u00a0\n60.00\u00a0\nSeries D Preferred Stock \n(3)\n45\u00a0\n59.52\u00a0\n45\u00a0\n59.52\u00a0\nSeries E Preferred Stock\n (4)\n28\u00a0\n4,625.00\u00a0\n28\u00a0\n4,625.00\u00a0\nSeries F Preferred Stock \n(5)\n25\u00a0\n5,000.00\u00a0\n25\u00a0\n5,000.00\u00a0\nSeries G Preferred Stock \n(6)\n134\u00a0\n5,375.00\u00a0\n79\u00a0\n3,150.35\u00a0\nSeries H Preferred Stock \n(7)\n97\u00a0\n3,888.89\u00a0\nN/A\nN/A\nSeries I Preferred Stock \n(8)\n63\u00a0\n2,811.11\u00a0\nN/A\nN/A\nSeries J Preferred Stock \n(9)\n18\u00a0\n29.80\u00a0\nN/A\nN/A\n(1)\n Dividends paid semi-annually until February\u00a01, 2022 and quarterly thereafter.\n(2)\n Series C Preferred Stock was redeemed on June 1, 2021. Prior to redemption, dividends paid quarterly and the final dividend was paid on June 1, 2021.\n(3)\n Dividends paid quarterly.\n(4)\n Dividends paid semi-annually until March 1, 2022 and quarterly thereafter.\n(5) \nDividends paid semi-annually until December 1, 2027 and quarterly thereafter. \n(6) \nSeries G Preferred Stock was issued on April 30, 2020. Dividends are paid quarterly, and the first dividend was paid on September 1, 2020.\n(7) \nSeries H Preferred Stock was issued on December 11, 2020. Dividends are paid quarterly, and the first dividend was paid on March 1, 2021.\n(8)\n Series I Preferred Stock was issued on March 18, 2021. Dividends are paid quarterly, and the first dividend was paid on June 1, 2021.\n(9)\n Series J Preferred Stock was issued on March 30, 2021. Dividends are paid quarterly, and the first dividend was paid on June 1, 2021.\nN/A Not applicable.\nShare Repurchases\nOn January 30, 2019, CSC publicly announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $4.0 billion of common stock. The authorization does not have an expiration date. There were no repurchases of CSC\u2019s common stock under this authorization during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. As of December\u00a031, 2021, $1.8\u00a0billion remained on our existing authorization.\n- 55 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nFOREIGN EXPOSURE\nAt December\u00a031, 2021, Schwab had exposure to non-sovereign financial and non-financial institutions in foreign countries, as well as agencies of foreign governments. At December\u00a031, 2021, the fair value of these holdings totaled $12.5 billion, with the top three exposures being to issuers and counterparties domiciled in the United Kingdom at $5.2 billion, France at $3.9\u00a0billion, and Sweden at $754 million. At December\u00a031, 2020, the fair value of these holdings totaled $10.1\u00a0billion, with the top three exposures being to issuers and counterparties domiciled in France at $6.7\u00a0billion, Germany at $1.2\u00a0billion, and Canada at $880\u00a0million. In addition, Schwab had outstanding margin loans to foreign residents of $3.3 billion and $2.2\u00a0billion at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. \nFAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS\nSchwab uses the market approach to determine the fair value of certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, and to determine fair value disclosures. See Item\u00a08 \u2013 Notes 2 and 18 for more information on our assets and liabilities recorded at fair value.\nCRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES\nThe consolidated financial statements of Schwab have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Item 8 \u2013 Note 2 contains more information on our significant accounting policies made in applying these accounting principles.\nWhile the majority of the revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are not based on estimates, there are certain accounting principles that require management to make estimates regarding matters that are uncertain and susceptible to change where such change may result in a material adverse impact on Schwab\u2019s financial position and financial results. These critical accounting estimates are described below. Management regularly reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements for reasonableness and adequacy.\nManagement has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Additionally, management has reviewed with the Audit Committee the Company\u2019s significant estimates discussed in this Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.\nIncome Taxes\nSchwab estimates income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate, including federal, state and local domestic jurisdictions, and immaterial amounts owed to several foreign jurisdictions. The estimated income tax expense is reported in the consolidated statements of income in taxes on income. Accrued taxes are reported in other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and represent the net estimated amount due to or to be received from taxing jurisdictions either currently or deferred to future periods. Deferred taxes arise from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting purposes versus income tax reporting purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management\u2019s judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. Uncertain tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. An uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit management believes is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. In estimating accrued taxes, we assess the relative merits and risks of the appropriate tax treatment considering statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance in the context of the tax position. Because of the complexity of tax laws and regulations, interpretation can be difficult and subject to legal judgment given specific facts and circumstances.\nChanges in the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of examinations being conducted by various taxing authorities, and newly enacted statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance that impacts the relative merits and risks of tax positions. These changes, when they occur, affect accrued taxes and can be significant to the operating results of the Company. See Item 8 \u2013 Note 22 for more information on the Company\u2019s income taxes.\n- 56 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nLegal and Regulatory Reserves\nReserves for legal and regulatory claims and proceedings reflect an estimate of probable losses for each matter, after considering, among other factors, the progress of the case, prior experience and the experience of others in similar cases, available defenses, and the opinions and views of legal counsel. In many cases, including most class action lawsuits, it is not possible to determine whether a loss will be incurred, or to estimate the range of that loss, until the matter is close to resolution, in which case no accrual is made until that time. Reserves are adjusted as more information becomes available. Significant judgment is required in making these estimates, and the actual cost of resolving a matter may ultimately differ materially from the amount reserved. See Item 8 \u2013 Note 15 for more information on the Company\u2019s contingencies related to legal and regulatory reserves.\nBusiness Combinations\nWe have accounted for our acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition method requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date as we allocate the purchase price to the estimated fair values of acquired tangible and intangible assets and the liabilities assumed. We also use our best estimates to determine the useful lives of the tangible and definite-lived intangible assets, which impact the periods over which depreciation and amortization of those assets are recognized. These best estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain as they pertain to forward looking views of our businesses, client behavior, and market conditions. In our acquisitions, we have also recognized goodwill at the amount by which the purchase price paid exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired. See Item 8 \u2013 Notes 2 and 3 for more information on our valuation methods and the results of applying the acquisition method of accounting, including the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and, where relevant, the estimated remaining useful lives.\nOur ongoing accounting for goodwill and the tangible and intangible assets acquired requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions as we exercise judgement to evaluate these assets for impairment. Our processes and accounting policies for evaluating impairments are further described in Item 8 \u2013 Note 2. One of our reporting units has an immaterial amount of goodwill. The results of the 2021 annual goodwill impairment testing for our other two reporting units indicated that the estimated fair values substantially exceeded their carrying amounts.\n- 57 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nNON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES\nIn addition to disclosing financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP), Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain references to the non-GAAP financial measures described below. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information about the financial performance of the Company, and facilitate meaningful comparison of Schwab\u2019s results in the current period to both historic and future results. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and may not be comparable to non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies. \nSchwab\u2019s use of non-GAAP measures is reflective of certain adjustments made to GAAP financial measures as described below. \nNon-GAAP Adjustment or Measure\nDefinition\nUsefulness to Investors and Uses by Management \nAcquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets\nSchwab adjusts certain GAAP financial measures to exclude the impact of acquisition and integration-related costs incurred as a result of the Company\u2019s acquisitions, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and, where applicable, the income tax effect of these expenses. \nAdjustments made to exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets are reflective of all acquired intangible assets, which were recorded as part of purchase accounting. These acquired intangible assets contribute to the Company\u2019s revenue generation. Amortization of acquired intangible assets will continue in future periods over their remaining useful lives.\nWe exclude acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets for the purpose of calculating certain non-GAAP measures because we believe doing so provides additional transparency of Schwab\u2019s ongoing operations, and is useful in both evaluating the operating performance of the business and facilitating comparison of results with prior and future periods. \nAcquisition and integration-related costs fluctuate based on the timing of acquisitions and integration activities, thereby limiting comparability of results among periods, and are not representative of the costs of running the Company\u2019s ongoing business. Amortization of acquired intangible assets is excluded because management does not believe it is indicative of the Company\u2019s underlying operating performance.\nReturn on tangible common equity\nReturn on tangible common equity represents annualized adjusted net income available to common stockholders as a percentage of average tangible common equity. Tangible common equity represents common equity less goodwill, acquired intangible assets \u2013 net, and related deferred tax liabilities.\nAcquisitions typically result in the recognition of significant amounts of goodwill and acquired intangible assets. We believe return on tangible common equity may be useful to investors as a supplemental measure to facilitate assessing capital efficiency and returns relative to the composition of Schwab\u2019s balance sheet. \nThe Company also uses adjusted diluted EPS and return on tangible common equity as components of performance criteria for employee bonus and certain executive management incentive compensation arrangements. The Compensation Committee of CSC\u2019s Board of Directors maintains discretion in evaluating performance against these criteria.\nThe following tables present reconciliations of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures:\nYear Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nTotal expenses excluding interest (GAAP)\n$\n10,807\u00a0\n$\n7,391\u00a0\n$\n5,873\u00a0\nAcquisition and integration-related costs \n(1)\n(468)\n(442)\n(26)\nAmortization of acquired intangible assets\n(615)\n(190)\n(27)\nAdjusted total expenses (non-GAAP)\n$\n9,724\u00a0\n$\n6,759\u00a0\n$\n5,820\u00a0\n(1)\n Acquisition and integration-related costs for 2021 primarily consist of $283\u00a0million of compensation and benefits, $132 million of professional services, and $39 million of occupancy and equipment. Acquisition and integration-related costs for 2020 primarily consist of $235\u00a0million of compensation and benefits, $158 million of professional services, and $30 million of other expense. Substantially all acquisition and integration-related costs for 2019 are included in professional services expense.\n- 58 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n(Tabular Amounts in Millions, Except Ratios, or as Noted)\nYear Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nAmount\nDiluted EPS\nAmount\nDiluted EPS\nAmount\nDiluted EPS\nNet income available to common stockholders (GAAP), \n\u00a0\u00a0Earnings per common share \u2014 diluted (GAAP)\n$\n5,360\u00a0\n$\n2.83\u00a0\n$\n3,043\u00a0\n$\n2.12\u00a0\n$\n3,526\u00a0\n$\n2.67\u00a0\nAcquisition and integration-related costs\n468\u00a0\n.25\u00a0\n442\u00a0\n.31\u00a0\n26\u00a0\n.02\u00a0\nAmortization of acquired intangible assets\n615\u00a0\n.32\u00a0\n190\u00a0\n.13\u00a0\n27\u00a0\n.02\u00a0\nIncome tax effects \n(1)\n(268)\n(.15)\n(154)\n(.11)\n(13)\n(.01)\nAdjusted net income available to common stockholders \n\u00a0\u00a0(non-GAAP), Adjusted diluted EPS (non-GAAP)\n$\n6,175\u00a0\n$\n3.25\u00a0\n$\n3,521\u00a0\n$\n2.45\u00a0\n$\n3,566\u00a0\n$\n2.70\u00a0\n(1)\n The income tax effects of the non-GAAP adjustments are determined using an effective tax rate reflecting the exclusion of non-deductible acquisition costs and are used to present the acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets on an after-tax basis.\nYear Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nReturn on average common stockholders\u2019 equity (GAAP)\n11\u00a0\n%\n9\u00a0\n%\n19\u00a0\n%\nAverage common stockholders\u2019 equity\n$\n47,318\u00a0\n$\n33,640\u00a0\n$\n18,415\u00a0\nLess: Average goodwill\n(11,952)\n(6,590)\n(1,227)\nLess: Average acquired intangible assets \u2014 net\n(9,685)\n(5,059)\n(140)\nPlus: Average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and acquired intangible assets \u2014 net\n1,919\u00a0\n1,005\u00a0\n67\u00a0\nAverage tangible common equity\n$\n27,600\u00a0\n$\n22,996\u00a0\n$\n17,115\u00a0\nAdjusted net income available to common stockholders \n(1)\n$\n6,175\u00a0\n$\n3,521\u00a0\n$\n3,566\u00a0\nReturn on tangible common equity (non-GAAP)\n22\u00a0\n%\n15\u00a0\n%\n21\u00a0\n%\n(1)\n See table above for the reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders to adjusted net income available to common stockholders (non-GAAP).", "item7a": ">Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk\nFor a discussion of the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Risk Management in Part II, Item 7.\n- 59 -\nTHE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION", "companyName": "Schwab Charles Corp", "cusip": "808524201"}