{"item1": ">Item\u00a01.\nBusiness\n1\nItem 1A.\nRisk Factors\n11\nItem 1B. \nUnresolved Staff Comments\n22\nItem 2.\nProperties\n22\nItem 3.\nLegal Proceedings\n22\nItem 4.\nMine Safety Disclosures\n22\nPart II\nItem 5.\nMarket for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities\n23\nItem 6.\n[Reserved]\n24\nItem 7.\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n25\nItem 7A.\nQuantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk\n35\nItem 8.\nFinancial Statement\ns\n and Supplementary Data\n37\nItem 9.\nChanges in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure\n67\nItem 9A.\nControls and Procedures\n67\nItem 9B. \nOther Information\n70\nItem 9C.\nDisclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections\n70\nPart III\nItem 10.\nDirectors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance\n70\nItem 11.\nExecutive Compensation\n70\nItem 12.\nSecurity Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related S\ntock\nholder Matters\n71\nItem 13.\nCertain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence\n71\nItem 14.\nPrincipal Account\nant\n Fees and Services\n71\nPart IV\nItem 15.\nExhibit and Financial Statement Schedules\n72\nItem 16.\nForm 10-K Summary\n80\nSignatures\n81\nPART I\nITEM\u00a0 1.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0BUSINESS \nOUR BUSINESSES\nOverview \nThe terms \u201cwe,\u201d \u201cour,\u201d \u201cus,\u201d \u201cits,\u201d \u201cUnitedHealth Group,\u201d or the \u201cCompany\u201d used in this report refer to UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and its subsidiaries.\nUnitedHealth Group Incorporated is a health care and well-being company with a mission to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone.\nOur two distinct, yet complementary business platforms \u2014 Optum and UnitedHealthcare \u2014 are working to help build a modern, high-performing health system through improved access, affordability, outcomes and experiences for the individuals and organizations we are privileged to serve.\nThe ability to analyze complex data and apply deep health care expertise and insights allows us to serve people, care providers, businesses, communities and governments with more innovative products and complete, end-to-end offerings for many of the biggest challenges facing health care today.\nOptum combines clinical expertise, technology and data to empower people, partners and providers with the guidance and tools they need to achieve better health. Optum serves the broad health care marketplace, including payers, care providers, employers, governments, life sciences companies and consumers, through its Optum Health, Optum Insight and Optum Rx businesses. These businesses improve overall health system performance by optimizing care quality and delivery, reducing costs and improving consumer and provider experience, leveraging distinctive capabilities in data and analytics, pharmacy care services, health care operations, population health and health care delivery.\nUnitedHealthcare offers a full range of health benefits, enabling affordable coverage, simplifying the health care experience, improving consumer health, advancing health equity and delivering access to high-quality care. UnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual serves employers ranging from sole proprietorships to large, multi-site and national employers, public sector employers and individual consumers. UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement delivers health and well-being benefits for Medicare beneficiaries and retirees. UnitedHealthcare Community\u00a0& State manages health care benefit programs on behalf of state Medicaid and community programs and their participants. UnitedHealthcare Global provides health and dental benefits and hospital and clinical services to employer groups and individuals in South America, and through other diversified global health services.\nWe have four reportable segments: \n\u2022\nOptum Health; \n\u2022\nOptum Insight;\n\u2022\nOptum Rx; and\n\u2022\nUnitedHealthcare, which includes UnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual, UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement, UnitedHealthcare Community\u00a0& State and UnitedHealthcare Global. \nOptum\nOptum is an information and technology-enabled health services business serving the broad health care marketplace, including:\n\u2022\nThose who need care: consumers who need the right care, information, resources, products and engagement to improve their health, achieve their health goals and receive an improved patient experience that is personalized and holistic and delivered in all care settings, including in-home and virtually.\n\u2022\nThose who provide care: pharmacies, hospitals, physicians and other health care facilities seeking to improve the health system and reduce the administrative burden allowing for providers to focus time on patients leading to the best possible patient care and experiences while achieving better health outcomes at lower costs. Improved health outcomes are achieved by leveraging our clinical expertise, data and analytics to better predict, prevent and intercept consumers\u2019 health conditions and ensure they receive the best evidence-based care.\n\u2022\nThose who pay for care: employers; health plans; and state, federal and municipal agencies devoted to ensuring the populations they sponsor receive high-quality care, administered and delivered efficiently and effectively, all while driving health equity so that every individual, family and community has access to the care they need.\n1\nTable of Contents\n\u2022\nThose who innovate for care: global life sciences organizations dedicated to developing more effective approaches to care, enabling technologies and medicines to improve care delivery and health outcomes.\nOptum operates three business segments leveraging distinctive capabilities in health care delivery, population health, health care operations, data and analytics and pharmacy care services:\n\u2022\nOptum Health delivers care, care management, wellness and consumer engagement, and health financial services;\n\u2022\nOptum Insight offers data, analytics, research, consulting, technology and managed services solutions; and \n\u2022\nOptum Rx provides a diversified array of pharmacy care services. \nOptum Health\nOptum Health provides health and wellness care, addressing the physical, emotional and health-related financial needs of 100 million consumers, through a national health care delivery platform which engages people in the most appropriate care settings, including clinical sites, in-home and virtual. Optum Health delivers local primary, in-home, specialty, surgical and urgent care; helps patients and providers navigate and address complex, chronic and behavioral health needs; offers post-acute care planning services; and serves consumers and care providers through advanced, on-demand digital health technologies, such as telehealth and remote patient monitoring, and innovative health care financial services. Optum Health works directly with consumers, care delivery systems, providers, employers, payers, and government entities to provide high quality accessible and equitable care with improved outcomes and reduced total cost of care. \nOptum Health enables care providers to transition from traditional fee-for-service payment models to performance-based delivery and payment models designed to improve patient health outcomes and experience through value-based care. Through strategic partnerships, alliances and ownership arrangements, Optum Health helps care providers adopt new approaches and technologies improving the coordination of care across providers to serve patients more comprehensively. \nOptum Health offers its products on a risk basis, assuming responsibility for health care costs in exchange for a monthly premium, on an administrative fee basis, managing or administering products and services in exchange for a monthly fee, and on a fee-for-service basis, delivering medical services to patients in exchange for a contracted fee.\nOptum Financial, including Optum Bank, serves consumers through 8 million health savings and other accounts and has more than $19 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2021. During 2021, Optum Financial processed $264 billion in digital medical payments to physicians and other health care providers. Organizations across the health system rely on Optum Financial to manage and improve payment flows through its highly automated, scalable, digital payment systems. For financial services offerings, Optum Health charges fees and earns investment income on managed funds.\nOptum Health sells its products primarily through its direct sales force, strategic collaborations and external producers in three key areas: employers, including large, mid-sized and small employers; payers including health plans, third-party administrators (TPAs), underwriter/stop-loss carriers and individual product intermediaries; and government entities including the U.S. Departments of Health and Human Services (HHS), Veterans Affairs, Defense, and other federal, state and local health care agencies.\nOptum Insight\nOptum Insight connects the health care system with services, analytics and platforms that make clinical, administrative and financial processes easier for all participants in the health care system. Hospital systems, physicians, health plans, state governments, life sciences companies and other organizations comprising the health care industry depend on Optum Insight to help them improve performance, reduce costs, advance quality, meet compliance mandates and modernize their core operating systems to meet the changing needs of the health system. Optum Insight serves the needs of health systems (such as physicians and hospital systems), health plans, state governments and life sciences companies.\nHealth Systems. \nServes hospitals, physicians and other care providers to improve revenue and growth, better coordinate care and reduce administrative costs through technology and services to improve population health management, patient engagement, revenue cycle management and strategic growth plans. \nHealth Plans. \nServes health plans\n \nby improving financial performance and enhancing outcomes through proactive analytics, a comprehensive payment integrity portfolio and technology-enabled and staff-supported risk and quality services. Optum Insight helps health plans navigate a dynamic environment defined by shifts in employer vs. government-sponsored coverage, the demand for affordable benefit plans and the need to leverage new technology to reduce complexity. \nState Governments. \nProvides advanced technology and analytics services to modernize the administration of critical safety net programs, such as Medicaid, while improving cost predictability. \n2\nTable of Contents\nLife Sciences Companies. \nCombines data and analytics expertise with comprehensive technologies and health care knowledge to help life sciences companies, including those in pharmaceuticals and medical technology, adopt a more comprehensive approach to advancing therapeutic discoveries and improving clinical outcomes. \nMany of Optum Insight\u2019s software and information products and professional services are delivered over extended periods, often several years. Optum Insight maintains an order backlog to track unearned revenues under these long-term arrangements. The backlog consists of estimated revenue from signed contracts, other legally binding agreements and anticipated contract renewals based on historical experience with Optum Insight\u2019s customers. Optum Insight\u2019s aggregate backlog as of December 31, 2021 was approximately $22.4 billion, of which $12.1 billion is expected to be realized within the next 12 months. The aggregate backlog includes $8.9 billion related to affiliated agreements. Optum Insight\u2019s aggregate backlog as of December 31, 2020, was $20.2 billion. \nOptum Insight\u2019s products and services are sold primarily through a direct sales force. Optum Insight\u2019s products are also supported and distributed through an array of alliances and business partnerships with other technology vendors, who integrate and interface Optum Insight\u2019s products with their applications.\nOptum Rx\nOptum Rx provides a full spectrum of pharmacy care services through its network of more than 67,000 retail pharmacies, through home delivery, specialty and community health pharmacies and through the provision of in-home and community-based infusion services. It also offers a direct-to-consumer business. \nOptum Rx manages a broad range of prescription drug spend, including widely available retail drugs as well as limited and ultra-limited distribution drugs in oncology, HIV, pain management and ophthalmology. Optum Rx serves the growing pharmacy needs of people with behavioral health and substance use disorders. In 2021, Optum Rx managed $112 billion in pharmaceutical spending, including $45 billion in specialty pharmaceutical spending.\nOptum Rx serves health benefits providers, large national employer plans, unions and trusts, purchasing coalitions and government entities. Optum Rx\u2019s sales distribution system consists primarily of health insurance brokers and other health care consultants and direct sales. \nOptum Rx offers multiple clinical programs, digital tools and services to help clients manage overall pharmacy and health care costs in a clinically appropriate manner which are designed to promote better health outcomes, and to help target inappropriate utilization and non-adherence to medication. Optum Rx provides various utilization management, medication management, quality assurance, adherence and counseling programs to complement each client\u2019s plan design and clinical strategies. Optum Rx offers a distinctive approach to integrating the management of medical and pharmaceutical care by using data and advanced analytics to help improve comprehensive decision-making, elevate quality, close gaps in care and reduce costs for customers and people served.\nUnitedHealthcare\nThrough its health benefits offerings, UnitedHealthcare is enabling better health, creating a better health care experience for its customers and helping to control rising health care costs. UnitedHealthcare\u2019s market position is built on:\n\u2022\nstrong local-market relationships;\n\u2022\nthe breadth of product offerings, based upon extensive expertise in distinct market segments in health care;\n\u2022\nservice and advanced technology, including digital consumer engagement; \n\u2022\ncompetitive medical and operating cost positions;\n\u2022\neffective clinical engagement; and\n\u2022\ninnovation for customers and consumers.\nUnitedHealthcare uses Optum\u2019s capabilities to help coordinate and provide patient care, improve affordability of medical care, analyze cost trends, manage pharmacy care services, work with care providers more effectively and create a simpler and more satisfying consumer and physician experience.\nIn the United States, UnitedHealthcare arranges for discounted access to care through networks which, as of December 31, 2021, include 1.5 million physicians and other health care professionals and more than 7,000 hospitals and other facilities.\nUnitedHealthcare is subject to extensive government regulation. See further discussion of our regulatory environment below under \n\u201cGovernment Regulation\u201d\n and in \nPart II, Item 7, \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.\u201d\n3\nTable of Contents\nUnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual\nUnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual offers a comprehensive array of consumer-oriented health benefit plans and services nationwide for large national employers, public sector employers, mid-sized employers, small businesses, and individual consumers. As of December 31, 2021, UnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual provides access to medical services for 26.6 million people on behalf of our customers and alliance partners, including employer customers, serving people across all 50 states, the District of Columbia and most U.S. territories. Products are offered through affiliates licensed as insurance companies, health maintenance organizations (HMOs), or TPAs. Large employer groups typically use self-funded arrangements where UnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual earns a service fee. Smaller employer groups and individuals are more likely to purchase risk-based products because they are less willing or unable to bear a greater potential liability for health care expenditures. \nThrough its risk-based product offerings, UnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual assumes the risk of both medical and administrative costs for its customers in return for a monthly premium which is typically a fixed rate per individual served for a one-year period. When providing administrative and other management services to customers who elect to self-fund the health care costs of their employees and employees\u2019 dependents, UnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual receives a fixed monthly service fee per individual served. These customers retain the risk of financing medical benefits for their employees and employees\u2019 dependents, while UnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual provides services such as coordination and facilitation of medical and related services to customers, consumers and health care professionals, administration of transaction processing and access to a contracted network of physicians, hospitals and other health care professionals, including dental and vision professionals. \nThe consolidated purchasing capacity represented by the individuals served by UnitedHealth Group makes it possible for UnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual to contract for cost-effective access to a large number of conveniently located care professionals and facilities. UnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual has relationships with network care providers who integrate data and analytics, implement value-based payment arrangements and care management programs that enable us to jointly better manage health care and improve quality across populations. UnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual\u2019s comprehensive and integrated pharmacy care services promote lower costs by using formulary programs to produce better unit costs, encouraging consumers to use drugs offering improved value and outcomes, helping consumers take actions to improve their health and supporting the appropriate use of drugs based on clinical evidence through physician and consumer education programs.\nUnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual typically distributes its products through a variety of channels, dependent upon the specific product, including: through consultants or direct sales, in collaboration with brokers and agents, through wholesale agents or agencies who contract with health insurance carriers to distribute individual or group benefits, through\n \nprofessional employer organizations and associations and through both multi-carrier and its own proprietary private exchange marketplaces. \nUnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual\u2019s diverse product portfolio offers employers a continuum of benefit designs, price points and approaches to consumer engagement which provides the flexibility to meet a full spectrum of their coverage needs. \nUnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual\u2019s major product families include consumer engagement products, such as high-deductible consumer driven benefit plans and a variety of innovative consumer centric products; traditional products; clinical and pharmacy products; and specialty benefits, such as vision, dental, hearing, accident protection, critical illness, disability and hospital indemnity offerings.\nEach medical plan has a core set of clinical programs embedded in the offering, with additional services available depending on offering type (risk-based or self-funded), line of business (such as small business, key accounts, public sector, national accounts or individual consumers) and clinical need. UnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual\u2019s clinical programs include: wellness programs, decision support, utilization management, case and disease management, complex condition management, on-site programs, incentives to reinforce positive behavior change, mental health/substance use disorder management and employee assistance programs.\nUnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement\nUnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement provides health and well-being services to individuals age 50 and older, addressing their unique needs for preventive and acute health care services, as well as services dealing with chronic disease and other specialized issues common among older people. UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement is fully dedicated to serving this growing market segment, providing products and services in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and most U.S. territories. UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement has distinct benefit designs, pricing, underwriting, clinical program management and marketing capabilities dedicated to health products and services in this market.\nUnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement offers a selection of products allowing people choice in obtaining the health coverage and services they need as their circumstances change. UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement is positioned to serve seniors who find affordable, network-based care provided through Medicare Advantage plans to meet their unique health care needs. For those who prefer traditional fee-for-service Medicare, UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement offers both Medicare \n4\nTable of Contents\nSupplement and Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit (Medicare Part D) programs to expand their government-sponsored Medicare by providing additional benefits and coverage options. UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement offerings include care management and health system navigator services, clinical management programs, nurse health line services, 24-hour access to health care information, access to discounted health services from a network of care providers and administrative services. \nUnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement has extensive distribution capabilities and experience, including direct marketing to consumers on behalf of its key clients, including AARP, the nation\u2019s largest membership organization dedicated to the needs of people age 50 and over, and state and U.S. government agencies. Products are also offered through agents, employer groups and digital channels.\nUnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement\u2019s major product categories include:\nMedicare Advantage.\n \nUnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement provides health care coverage for seniors and other eligible Medicare beneficiaries through the Medicare Advantage program administered by the Centers for Medicare\u00a0& Medicaid Services (CMS), including Medicare Advantage HMO plans, Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) plans, Point-of-Service plans, Private-Fee-for-Service plans and Special Needs Plans (SNPs). Under the Medicare Advantage program, UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement provides health insurance coverage in exchange for a fixed monthly premium per member from CMS plus, in some cases, monthly consumer premiums. Premium amounts received from CMS vary based on the geographic areas in which individuals reside; demographic factors such as age, gender and institutionalized status; and the health status of the individual. Medicare Advantage plans are designed to compete at the local level, taking into account consumer and care provider preferences, competitor offerings, our quality and cost initiatives, our historical financial results and the long-term payment rate outlook for each geographic area. UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement served 6.5 million people through its Medicare Advantage products as of December\u00a031, 2021.\nUnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement\u2019s senior-focused care management model operates at a medical cost level below traditional Medicare, while helping seniors live healthier lives. We have continued to enhance our offerings, focusing on more digital and physical care resources in the home, expanding our concierge navigation services and enabling the home as a safe and effective setting of care. For example, through our HouseCalls program, nurse practitioners performed more than 2.1 million clinical preventive home care visits in 2021 to address unmet care opportunities and close gaps in care. Our Navigate4Me program provides a single point of contact and a direct line of support for individuals as they go through their health care experiences. For high-risk patients in certain care settings and programs, UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement uses proprietary, automated medical record software and digital therapeutics for remote monitoring enabling clinical care teams to capture and track patient data and clinical encounters, creating a comprehensive set of care information bridging capabilities across home, hospital and nursing home care settings. Proprietary predictive modeling tools help identify people at high risk and enable care managers to create individualized care plans to help them obtain the right care, in the right place, at the right time.\nMedicare Part D.\n UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement provides Medicare Part D benefits to beneficiaries through its Medicare Advantage and stand-alone Medicare Part D plans. The stand-alone Medicare Part D plans address a large spectrum of people\u2019s needs and preferences for their prescription drug coverage, including low-cost prescription options. Each of the plans includes the majority of the drugs covered by Medicare and provides varying levels of coverage to meet the diverse needs of Medicare beneficiaries. As of December\u00a031, 2021, UnitedHealthcare enrolled 9.5 million people in the Medicare Part D programs, including 3.7\u00a0million individuals in stand-alone Medicare Part D plans, with the remainder in Medicare Advantage plans incorporating Medicare Part D coverage. \nMedicare Supplement.\n \nUnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement is currently serving 4.4 million seniors nationwide through various Medicare Supplement products in association with AARP. UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement offers a full range of supplemental products at diverse price points. These products cover various levels of coinsurance and deductible gaps to which seniors are exposed in the traditional Medicare program.\nPremium revenues from CMS represented 36% of UnitedHealth Group\u2019s total consolidated revenues for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, most of which were generated by UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement. \nUnitedHealthcare Community\u00a0& State\nUnitedHealthcare Community & State is dedicated to serving state programs caring for the economically disadvantaged, the medically underserved and those without the benefit of employer-funded health care coverage, typically in exchange for a monthly premium per member from the state program. UnitedHealthcare Community & State\u2019s primary customers oversee Medicaid plans, including Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF); Children\u2019s Health Insurance Programs (CHIP); Dual SNPs (DSNPs); Long-Term Services and Supports (LTSS); Aged, Blind and Disabled; and other federal, state and community health care programs. As of December\u00a031, 2021, UnitedHealthcare Community & State participated in programs in 32 states and the District of Columbia, and served 7.7 million people; including nearly 1.4 million people through Medicaid expansion programs in 18 states under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA).\n5\nTable of Contents\nStates using managed care services for Medicaid beneficiaries select health plans by using a formal bid process or by awarding individual contracts. A number of factors are considered by UnitedHealthcare Community & State when choosing programs for participation, including the state\u2019s commitment and consistency of support for its Medicaid managed care program in terms of service, innovation and funding; the eligible population base, both immediate and long term; and the structure of the projected program. UnitedHealthcare Community & State works with its state customers to advocate for actuarially sound rates, commensurate with medical cost trends.\nThese health plans and care programs are designed to address the complex needs of the populations they serve, including the chronically ill, people with disabilities and people with a higher risk of medical, behavioral and social conditions. UnitedHealthcare Community & State administers benefits for the unique needs of children, pregnant women, adults, seniors and those who are institutionalized or are nursing home eligible. These individuals often live in medically underserved areas and are less likely to have a consistent relationship with the medical community or a care provider. They also often face significant social and economic challenges.\nUnitedHealthcare Community & State leverages the national capabilities of UnitedHealth Group locally, supporting effective care management, strong regulatory partnerships, greater administrative efficiency, improved clinical outcomes and the ability to adapt to a changing national and local market environment. UnitedHealthcare Community & State coordinates resources among family, physicians, other health care providers, and government and community-based agencies and organizations to facilitate continuous and effective care and often addresses other social determinants affecting people\u2019s health status and health system usage. \nAlthough approximately 80% of the people in state Medicaid programs are served by managed care, there remains significant growth opportunity as this population represents only approximately 55% of total Medicaid spending. UnitedHealthcare Community & State\u2019s business development opportunities include entering fee-for-service markets converting to managed care; and growing in existing managed care markets, including state expansions to populations with more complex needs requiring more sophisticated models of care, including DSNP and LTSS programs. Our offerings to state expansion cover more medically complex populations, including integrated care management of physical, behavioral, long-term care services and supports, and social services by applying strong data analytics and community-based collaboration. \nUnitedHealthcare Community & State continues to evolve its clinical model to enhance quality and the clinical experience for the people it serves. The model enables UnitedHealthcare Community & State to quickly identify the people who could benefit most from more highly coordinated care. \nUnitedHealthcare Global\nUnitedHealthcare Global serves 7.8 million people with medical and dental benefits, typically in exchange for a monthly premium per member, residing principally in Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Peru, but also in more than 150 other countries. UnitedHealthcare Global serves multinational and local businesses, governments, insurers and individuals and their families through health insurance plans for local populations, care delivery services, benefit plans and risk and assistance solutions. UnitedHealthcare Global offers health care delivery in our principal markets through over 50 hospitals, and more than 200 outpatient and ambulatory clinics and surgery centers to UnitedHealthcare Global members and consumers served by the external payer market.\nIn Brazil, Amil provides health benefits to 3.4 million people and dental benefits to nearly 2.3 million people. Empresas Banm\u00e9dica provides health benefits and health care services to approximately 2.1 million people in Chile, Colombia and Peru. Lus\u00edadas Sa\u00fade provides clinical services to people in Portugal through an owned network of hospitals and outpatient clinics. \nGOVERNMENT REGULATION \nOur businesses are subject to comprehensive U.S. federal and state and international laws and regulations. We are regulated by agencies which generally have discretion to issue regulations and interpret and enforce laws and rules. The regulations can vary significantly among jurisdictions and the interpretation of them are subject to frequent change. Domestic U.S. and international governments continue to consider and enact various legislative and regulatory proposals which could materially impact certain aspects of the health care system. New laws, regulations and rules, or changes in the interpretation of existing laws, regulations and rules, including as a result of changes in the political climate, could adversely affect our businesses. \nIf we fail to comply with, are alleged to have failed to comply with, or fail to respond quickly and appropriately to changes in, applicable laws, regulations and rules, our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. See \nPart I, Item\u00a01A, \u201cRisk Factors\u201d\n for a discussion of the risks related to our compliance with federal, state and international laws and regulations.\n6\nTable of Contents\nU.S. Federal Laws and Regulation \nWe are subject to various levels of U.S. federal regulation. For example, when we contract with the federal government, we are subject to federal laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. government contracts. CMS regulates our UnitedHealthcare businesses and certain aspects of our Optum businesses. Payments by CMS to our businesses are subject to regulations, including those governing fee-for-service and the submission of information relating to the health status of enrollees for purposes of determining the amounts of certain payments to us. CMS also has the right to audit our performance to determine our compliance with CMS contracts and regulations and the quality of care we provide to Medicare beneficiaries. Our commercial business is further subject to CMS audits related to medical loss ratios (MLRs) and risk adjustment data.\nUnitedHealthcare Community & State has Medicaid and CHIP contracts subject to federal regulations regarding services to be provided to Medicaid enrollees, payment for those services and other aspects of these programs. There are many regulations affecting Medicare and Medicaid compliance, and the regulatory environment with respect to these programs is complex. In addition, our businesses are subject to laws and regulations relating to consumer protection, anti-fraud and abuse, anti-kickbacks, false claims, prohibited referrals, inappropriate reduction or limitation of health care services, anti-money laundering, securities and antitrust compliance. \nPrivacy, Security and Data Standards Regulation.\n Certain of our operations are subject to regulation under the administrative simplification provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended (HIPAA), which apply to both the group and individual health insurance markets, including self-funded employee benefit plans. Federal regulations related to HIPAA contain minimum standards for electronic transactions and code sets and for the privacy and security of protected health information.\nOur businesses must comply with the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) which regulates matters relating to privacy, security and data standards. HITECH imposes requirements on uses and disclosures of health information; includes contracting requirements for HIPAA business associate agreements; extends parts of HIPAA privacy and security provisions to business associates; adds federal data breach notification requirements for covered entities and business associates and reporting requirements to HHS and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and, in some cases, to the local media; strengthens enforcement and imposes higher financial penalties for HIPAA violations and, in certain cases, imposes criminal penalties for individuals, including employees. In the conduct of our business, depending on the circumstances, we may act as either a covered entity or a business associate.\nThe use and disclosure of individually identifiable health data by our businesses are also regulated in some instances by other federal laws, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or state statutes implementing GLBA. These federal laws and state statutes generally require insurers to provide customers with notice regarding how their non-public personal health and financial information is used and the opportunity to \u201copt out\u201d of certain disclosures before the insurer shares such information with a third party, and generally prescribe safeguards for the protection of personal information. Neither the GLBA nor HIPAA privacy regulations preempt more stringent state laws and regulations, which may apply to us, as discussed below. Federal consumer protection laws may also apply in some instances to privacy and security practices related to personally identifiable information.\nERISA. \nThe Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), regulates how our services are provided to or through certain types of employer-sponsored health benefit plans. ERISA is a set of laws and regulations subject to interpretation by the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) as well as the federal courts. ERISA sets forth standards on how our business units may do business with employers who sponsor employee health benefit plans, particularly those who maintain self-funded plans. Regulations established by the DOL subject us to additional requirements for administration of benefits, claims payment and member appeals under health care plans governed by ERISA. \nState Laws and Regulation \nHealth Care Regulation.\n \nOur insurance and HMO subsidiaries must be licensed by the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. All of the states in which our subsidiaries offer insurance and HMO products regulate those products and operations. The states require periodic financial reports and establish minimum capital or restricted cash reserve requirements. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has adopted model regulations, which require expanded governance practices and risk and solvency assessment reporting. Most states have adopted these or similar measures to expand the scope of regulations relating to corporate governance and internal control activities of HMOs and insurance companies. We are required to maintain a risk management framework and file a confidential self-assessment report with state insurance regulators. We file reports annually with Connecticut, our lead regulator, and with New York, as required by the state\u2019s regulation.\nOur health plans and insurance companies are regulated under state insurance holding company regulations. Such regulations generally require registration with applicable state departments of insurance and the filing of reports describing capital structure, ownership, financial condition, certain affiliated transactions and general business operations. Most state insurance \n7\nTable of Contents\nholding company laws and regulations require prior regulatory approval of acquisitions and material affiliated transfers of assets, as well as transactions between the regulated companies and their parent holding companies or affiliates. These laws may restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding companies. \nSome of our business activity is subject to other health care-related regulations and requirements, including PPO, Managed Care Organization (MCO), utilization review (UR), TPA, pharmacy care services, durable medical equipment or care provider-related regulations and licensure requirements. These regulations differ from state to state and may contain network, contracting, product and rate, licensing and financial and reporting requirements. There are laws and regulations which set specific standards for delivery of services, appeals, grievances and payment of claims, adequacy of health care professional networks, fraud prevention, protection of consumer health information, pricing and underwriting practices and covered benefits and services. State health care anti-fraud and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of members, billing for unnecessary medical services and improper marketing. Certain of our businesses are subject to state general agent, broker and sales distribution laws and regulations. UnitedHealthcare Community & State and certain of our Optum businesses are subject to regulation by state Medicaid agencies which oversee the provision of benefits to our Medicaid and CHIP beneficiaries and to our beneficiaries dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid. We also contract with state governmental entities and are subject to state laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of state government contracts. \nState Privacy and Security Regulations. \nA number of states have adopted laws and regulations which may affect our privacy and security practices, such as state laws governing the use, disclosure and protection of social security numbers and protected health information or which are designed to implement GLBA or protect credit card account data. State and local authorities increasingly focus on the importance of protecting individuals from identity theft, with a significant number of states enacting laws requiring businesses to meet minimum cyber-security standards and notify individuals of security breaches involving personal information. State consumer protection laws may also apply to privacy and security practices related to personally identifiable information, including information related to consumers and care providers. Different approaches to state privacy and insurance regulation and varying enforcement philosophies may materially and adversely affect our ability to standardize our products and services across state lines. See \nPart I, Item\u00a01A, \u201cRisk Factors\u201d\n for a discussion of the risks related to compliance with state privacy and security regulations. \nCorporate Practice of Medicine and Fee-Splitting Laws. \nCertain of our businesses function as direct medical service providers and, as such, are subject to additional laws and regulations. Some states have corporate practice of medicine laws prohibiting specific types of entities from practicing medicine or employing physicians to practice medicine. Moreover, some states prohibit certain entities from engaging in fee-splitting practices, which involve sharing in the fees or revenues of a professional practice. These prohibitions may be statutory or regulatory, or may be imposed through judicial or regulatory interpretation. The laws, regulations and interpretations in certain states have been subject to limited judicial and regulatory interpretation and are subject to change.\nPharmacy and Pharmacy Benefits Management (PBM) Regulations \nOptum Rx\u2019s businesses include home delivery, specialty and compounding pharmacies, as well as clinic-based pharmacies which must be licensed as pharmacies in the states in which they are located. Certain of our pharmacies must also register with the U.S.\u00a0Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and individual state controlled substance authorities to dispense controlled substances. In addition to adhering to the laws and regulations in the states where our pharmacies are located, we also are required to comply with laws and regulations in some non-resident states where we deliver pharmaceuticals, including those requiring us to register with the board of pharmacy in the non-resident state. These non-resident states generally expect our  pharmacies to follow the laws of the state in which the pharmacies are located, but some non-resident states also require us to comply with their laws where pharmaceuticals are delivered. Additionally, certain of our pharmacies which participate in programs for Medicare and state Medicaid providers are required to comply with applicable Medicare and Medicaid provider rules and regulations. Other laws and regulations affecting our pharmacies include federal and state statutes and regulations governing the labeling, packaging, advertising and adulteration of prescription drugs and dispensing of controlled substances. See \nPart I, Item\u00a01A, \u201cRisk Factors\u201d\n for a discussion of the risks related to our pharmacy care services businesses.\nFederal and state legislation of PBM activities affects both our ability to limit access to a pharmacy provider network or remove network providers. Additionally, many states limit our ability to manage and establish maximum allowable costs for generic prescription drugs. With respect to formulary services, a number of government entities, including CMS, HHS and state departments of insurance, regulate the administration of prescription drug benefits offered through federal or state exchanges. Many states also regulate the scope of prescription drug coverage, as well as the delivery channels to receive such prescriptions, for insurers, MCOs and Medicaid managed care plans. These regulations could limit or preclude (i) certain plan designs, (ii) limited networks, (iii) requirements to use particular care providers or distribution channel, (iv) copayment differentials among providers and (v) formulary tiering practices.\n8\nTable of Contents\nLegislation seeking to regulate PBM activities introduced or enacted at the federal or state level could impact our business practices with others in the pharmacy supply chain, including pharmaceutical manufacturers and network providers. Additionally, organizations like the NAIC periodically issue model regulations while credentialing organizations, like the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) and the Utilization Review Accreditation Commission (URAC), may establish standards impacting PBM pharmacy activities. Although these model regulations and standards do not have the force of law, they may influence states to adopt their recommendations and impact the services we deliver to our clients. \nConsumer Protection Laws\nCertain of our businesses participate in direct-to-consumer activities and are subject to regulations applicable to online communications and other general consumer protection laws and regulations such as the Federal Tort Claims Act, the Federal Postal Service Act and the FTC\u2019s Telemarketing Sales Rule. Most states also have similar consumer protection laws. \nCertain laws, such as the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, give the FTC, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and state attorneys general the ability to regulate, and\u00a0bring enforcement actions relating to, telemarketing practices and certain automated outbound contacts such as phone calls, texts or emails.\u00a0Under certain circumstances, these laws may provide consumers with a private right of action. Violations of these laws could result in substantial statutory penalties and other sanctions.\nBanking Regulation\nOptum Bank is subject to regulation by federal banking regulators, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, which performs annual examinations to ensure the bank is operating in accordance with federal safety and soundness requirements, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which may perform periodic examinations to ensure the bank is in compliance with applicable consumer protection statutes, regulations and agency guidelines.\u00a0Optum Bank is also subject to supervision and regulation by the Utah State Department of Financial Institutions, which carries out annual examinations to ensure the bank is operating in accordance with state safety and soundness requirements and performs periodic examinations of the bank\u2019s compliance with applicable state banking statutes, regulations and agency guidelines.\u00a0In the event of unfavorable examination results from any of these agencies, the bank could become subject to increased operational expenses and capital requirements, enhanced governmental oversight and monetary penalties.\nNon-U.S.  Regulation\nCertain of our businesses operate internationally and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or conduct business. These regulatory regimes vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In addition, our non-U.S. businesses and operations are subject to U.S. laws regulating the conduct and activities of U.S.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), which prohibits offering, promising, providing or authorizing others to give anything of value to a foreign government official to obtain or retain business or otherwise secure a business advantage. \nCOMPETITION \nAs a diversified health care company, we operate in highly competitive markets across the full expanse of health care benefits and services, including organizations ranging from startups to highly sophisticated Fortune 50 global enterprises, for-profit and non-profit companies, and private and government-sponsored entities. New entrants and business combinations also contribute to a dynamic and competitive environment. We compete fundamentally on the quality and value we provide to those we serve which can include elements such as product and service innovation; use of technology; consumer and provider engagement and satisfaction; and sales, marketing and pricing. See \nPart I, Item\u00a01A, \u201cRisk Factors\u201d\n for additional discussion of our risks related to competition. \n\u00a0\nINTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS\nWe have obtained trademark registration for the UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare names and logos. We own registrations for certain of our other trademarks in the United States and abroad. We hold a portfolio of patents and have patent applications pending from time to time. We are not substantially dependent on any single patent or group of related patents.\nUnless otherwise noted, trademarks appearing in this report are trademarks owned by us. We disclaim any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.\n9\nTable of Contents\nHUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES\nOur 350,000 employees, as of December 31, 2021, including nearly 135,000 clinical professionals, are guided by our mission to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone. Our mission and cultural values of integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation and performance align with our long-term business strategy to increase access to care, make care more affordable, enhance the care experience and improve health outcomes. Our mission and values attract individuals who are determined to make a difference \u2013 individuals whose talent, innovation, engagement and empowerment are critical in our ability to achieve our mission. Similar to other businesses, in 2021 we have experienced moderately higher levels of employment attrition and COVID-19 continues to drive unplanned absences, but due to increased recruiting capacity and upgraded digital capabilities our workforce continues to be able to meet the needs of those we serve. \nWe are committed to developing our people and culture by creating an inclusive environment where people of diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives make us better. Our approach is data-driven and leader led, including enterprise and business scorecards ensuring our leaders are accountable for a consistent focus on hiring, developing, advancing and retaining diverse talent. We have embedded inclusion and diversity throughout our culture, including in our talent acquisition and talent management practices; leadership development; careers; learning and skills; and systems and processes. We strive to maintain a sustainable and diverse talent pipeline by building strong strategic partnerships and outreach through early career programs, internships and apprenticeships. We support career coaching, mentorship and accelerated leadership development programs to ensure mobility and advancement for our diverse talent. To foster an engaged workforce and an inclusive culture, we invest in a broad array of learning and culture development\n \nprograms. We rely on a shared leadership framework, which clearly and objectively defines our expectations, enables an environment where everyone has the opportunity to learn and grow, and helps us identify, develop and deploy talent to help achieve our mission.\nWe prioritize pay equity by regularly evaluating and reviewing our compensation practices by gender, ethnicity and race. Receiving on-going feedback from our team members is another way to strengthen and reinforce a culture of inclusion. Our Employee Experience Index measures an employee\u2019s sense of commitment and belonging to the Company and is a metric in the Stewardship section of our annual incentive plan. Our Sustainability Report, which can be accessed on our website at www.unitedheatlhgroup.com, provides further details on our people and culture.\nINFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS\nThe following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of February 10, 2022, including the business experience of each executive officer during the past five years:\nName\nAge\nPosition\nAndrew P. Witty\n57\nChief Executive Officer\nDirk C. McMahon\n62\nPresident and Chief Operating Officer\nJohn F. Rex\n60\nExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer\nPatricia L. Lewis\n60\nExecutive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer\nThomas E. Roos\n49\nSenior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer\nMarianne D. Short\n70\nExecutive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer\nBrian R. Thompson\n47\nChief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare\nOur Board of Directors elects executive officers annually. Our executive officers serve until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation, removal or disqualification.\nMr. Witty\n has served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of UnitedHealth Group since February 2021. Previously, Mr. Witty served as Chief Executive Officer of Optum beginning in July 2018, President of UnitedHealth Group from November 2019 to February 2021 and as a UnitedHealth Group director from August 2017 to March 2018. From April 2020 to November 2020, Mr. Witty took an unpaid leave of absence to serve as a Global Envoy for the World Health Organization\u2019s COVID-19 efforts. Prior to joining UnitedHealth Group, he was Chief Executive Officer and a board member of GlaxoSmithKline, a global pharmaceutical company, from 2008 to April 2017.\nMr. McMahon \nhas served as President and Chief Operating Officer of UnitedHealth Group since February 2021. In addition, Mr. McMahon previously served as Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare June 2019 to April 2021, President and Chief Operating Officer of Optum from April 2017 to June 2019 and Executive Vice President, Operations at UnitedHealth Group from November 2014 to April 2017. Mr. McMahon also served as Chief Executive Officer of Optum Rx from November 2011 to November 2014. Prior to 2011, he held various positions in UnitedHealthcare in operations, technology and finance.\n10\nTable of Contents\nMr. Rex\n has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of UnitedHealth Group since June 2016. From March 2012 to June 2016, Mr. Rex served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Optum. Prior to joining Optum in 2012, Mr. Rex was a Managing Director at JP Morgan, a global financial services firm.\nMs. Lewis\n has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of UnitedHealth Group since October 2019. Prior to joining UnitedHealth Group, Ms. Lewis served at Lockheed Martin Corporation, a global security and aerospace company, where she was Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer from December 2014 to October 2019. Prior to joining Lockheed Martin Corporation in 2011, Ms. Lewis held various positions in Human Resources at International Business Machines Corporation, a global technology company, and DuPont De Nemours, Inc, a global diversified chemicals company. Ms. Lewis currently serves as a director of Lear, Inc.\nMr. Roos\n has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of UnitedHealth Group since August 2015. Prior to joining UnitedHealth Group, Mr. Roos was a Partner at Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, from September 2007 to August 2015.\nMs. Short\n has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of UnitedHealth Group from January 2013 to January 2021 and from June 2021 to present. Prior to joining UnitedHealth Group, Ms. Short served as the Managing Partner at Dorsey & Whitney LLP, an international law firm, from January 2007 to December 2012. \nMr. Thompson\n has served as Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare since April 2021. Prior to this role, he served as Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare's government programs including Medicare & Retirement and Community & State from 2017 to 2021; as Chief Financial Officer of UnitedHealthcare\u2019s Employer & Individual and Medicare & Retirement businesses from 2010 to 2017; as Financial Controller of UnitedHealthcare's Employer & Individual business from 2008 to 2010; and as Director, Corporate Development from 2004 to 2008.\nAdditional Information\nOur executive offices are located at UnitedHealth Group Center, 9900 Bren Road East, Minnetonka, Minnesota 55343; our telephone number is (952)\u00a0936-1300. \nYou can access our website at www.unitedhealthgroup.com to learn more about our company. From the site you can download and print copies of our annual reports to shareholders, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, along with amendments to those reports. You can also download from our website our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; corporate governance policies, including our Principles of Governance; Board of Directors Committee Charters; Code of Conduct; and annual sustainability report. We make periodic reports and amendments available, free of charge, on our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish these reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We will also provide a copy of any of our corporate governance policies published on our website free of charge, upon request. To request a copy of any of these documents, please submit your request to: UnitedHealth Group Incorporated, 9900 Bren Road East, Minnetonka, MN 55343, Attn: Corporate Secretary. Information on or linked to our website is neither part of nor incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other SEC filings.\nOur transfer agent, Equiniti (EQ), can help you with a variety of shareholder-related services, including change of address, lost stock certificates, transfer of stock to another person and other administrative services. You can write to our transfer agent at: EQ Shareowner Services, P.O. Box 64854, St. Paul, Minnesota 55164-0854, or telephone (800)\u00a0401-1957 or (651)\u00a0450-4064. \nITEM 1A.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0RISK FACTORS \nCAUTIONARY STATEMENTS\nThe statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA). When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in future filings by us with the SEC, in our news releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, and in oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our executive officers, the words \u201cbelieve,\u201d \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201cestimate,\u201d \u201canticipate,\u201d \u201cforecast,\u201d \u201coutlook,\u201d \u201cplan,\u201d \u201cproject,\u201d \u201cshould\u201d or similar words or phrases are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are intended to take advantage of the \u201csafe harbor\u201d provisions of the PSLRA. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement in this report speaks only as of the date of this report and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including unanticipated events, after the date of this report.\nThe following discussion contains cautionary statements regarding our business, which investors and others should consider. We do not undertake to address in future filings or communications regarding our business or results of operations how any of these factors may have caused our results to differ from discussions or information contained in previous filings or \n11\nTable of Contents\ncommunications. In addition, any of the matters discussed below may have affected past, as well as current, forward-looking statements about future results. Any or all forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in any other public filings or statements we make may turn out to be wrong. Our forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors discussed below will be important in determining our future results. By their nature, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict or quantify. \nRisks Related to Our Business and Our Industry\nWe are subject to risks associated with public health crises, large-scale medical emergencies and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and financial performance. \nThe ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact health systems, businesses, governments and customer and consumer activities. The future impact to our business is primarily dependent upon the ultimate pacing, intensity and duration of the crisis, the severity of new variants of the COVID-19 virus, and the effectiveness and extent of administration of vaccinations and treatments, factors which remain uncertain at this time. These factors continue to affect the related treatment, testing, coverage and other services we provide for the people we serve. We may experience an increase in medical care costs as people seek care which was deferred during the pandemic and individuals with chronic conditions may require additional care needs resulting from missed treatments. The premiums and fees we charge, including premiums dependent upon documented health conditions, may not be sufficient to cover the medical and administrative costs associated with COVID-19 and other care services. Similarly, state and federal mandates for coverage may result in additional incurred expenses that are not associated with increases in government reimbursement (such as requirements for insurers to cover at-home COVID-19 testing).We have experienced and may continue to experience reduced demand for certain services Optum provides to care providers, health plans and employers as a result of reduced clinical and claims activity and changes in business priorities resulting from COVID-19. In addition, our care delivery business may continue to be adversely impacted by COVID-19 infections and exposures affecting providers we employ, resulting in reduced capacity to handle demand for care and related partial or full closures of our facilities. Our non-clinical workforce may also be adversely impacted by COVID-19 infections and exposures impacting our business operations.\nThe COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in some of our customers having to temporarily or permanently close or severely curtail their operations, and unfavorable economic conditions resulting from the pandemic may continue to impact our clients, customers, health care providers, third party vendors and federal and state entities and programs. Among other impacts, we have experienced and may continue to experience loss of commercial and pharmacy care services members due to customer reductions in workforce and an adverse impact on the timing and collectability of premium payments. In addition, governments have modified, and may continue to modify, regulatory standards around various aspects of health care in response to COVID-19, which may adversely affect our ability to ensure timely compliance and meet various contractual obligations.\nFurther disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including supply chains providing medical supplies and pharmaceutical products, could disrupt our business operations or increase our operating costs. Additionally, the enactment of emergency powers by governments could disrupt our business operations, including by restricting pharmaceuticals or other supplies, and could increase the risk of shortages of necessary items.\nAlthough we cannot predict the pacing, intensity and duration of COVID-19, the pandemic\u2019s disruption to business activities, employment and economic effects, and near and long-term impacts on the patterns of care and services across the healthcare system could continue to have material and adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial position or cash flows.\nIf we fail to estimate, price for and manage our medical costs or set benefit designs in an effective manner, the profitability of our risk-based products and services could decline and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \nThrough our risk-based benefit products, we assume the risk of both medical and administrative costs for our customers in return for monthly premiums. We generally use approximately 80% to 85% of our premium revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to these customers. The profitability of our products depends in large part on our ability to predict, price for and effectively manage medical costs. Our Optum Health business negotiates value-based arrangements with commercial third-party payers which are also included in premium revenues. Under a typical arrangement, Optum Health receives a fixed percentage of a third-party payer\u2019s premiums to cover all or a defined portion of the medical costs provided to members. Premium revenues from risk-based products comprise nearly 80% of our total consolidated revenues. If we fail to predict accurately, or effectively price for or manage, the costs of providing care under risk-based arrangements, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.\n12\nTable of Contents\nWe manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of competitive provider contracts and care management programs. Total medical costs are affected by the number of individual services rendered, the cost of each service and the type of service rendered. Our premium revenue on commercial policies and Medicaid contracts is typically based on a fixed monthly rate per individual served for a 12-month period and is generally priced one to six months before the contract commences. Our revenue on certain Medicare policies is based on bids submitted to CMS in June the year before the contract year. Although we base the commercial and Medicaid premiums we charge and our Medicare bids on our estimates of future medical costs over the fixed contract period, many factors may cause actual costs to exceed those estimated and reflected in premiums or bids. These factors may include medical cost inflation, increased use of services, increased cost of individual services, large-scale medical emergencies, the potential effects of climate change, pandemics, such as COVID-19, the introduction of new or costly drugs, treatments and technology, new treatment guidelines, newly mandated benefits or other regulatory changes and insured population characteristics. Relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of revenues can result in significant changes in our financial results. For example, if our 2021 medical costs for commercial insured products had been 1% higher than our actual medical costs, without proportionally higher revenues from such products, our annual net earnings for 2021 would have been reduced by approximately $330 million, excluding any offsetting impact from risk adjustment or from reduced premium rebates due to minimum MLRs.\nIn addition, the financial results we report for any particular period include estimates of costs incurred for which claims are still outstanding. These estimates involve an extensive degree of judgment. If these estimates prove inaccurate, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.\nIf we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected. \nOur business depends on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. The volume of health care data generated, and the uses of data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, price adequately our products and services, provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. In addition, connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important and recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards and changing customer preferences. If the data we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience failures in our health, wellness and information technology products; lose existing customers; have difficulty attracting new customers; experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud; have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals; become subject to regulatory sanctions or penalties; incur increases in operating expenses; or suffer other adverse consequences. \nWe periodically consolidate, integrate, upgrade and expand our information systems\u2019 capabilities as a result of technology initiatives and recently enacted regulations, changes in our system platforms and integration of new business acquisitions. Our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems\u2019 capabilities, enhancing our systems and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. Failure to protect, consolidate and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management\u2019s time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.\nCertain of our businesses sell and install software products which may contain unexpected design defects or may encounter unexpected complications during installation or when used with other technologies utilized by the customer. A failure of our technology products to operate as intended and in a seamless fashion with other products could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.\nUncertain and rapidly evolving U.S. federal and state, non-U.S. and international laws and regulations related to health data and the health information technology market may alter the competitive landscape or present compliance challenges and could materially and adversely affect the configuration of our information systems and platforms, and our ability to compete in this market.\nIf we sustain cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents resulting in security breaches disrupting our operations or resulting in the unintended dissemination of protected personal information or proprietary or confidential \n13\nTable of Contents\ninformation, we could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm and other serious negative consequences.\nWe routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information subject to privacy, security or data breach notification laws, as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. Some of the data we process, store and transmit may be outside of the United States due to our information technology systems and international business operations. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber-attacks and other security threats and may be subject to breaches of the information technology systems we use. We have programs in place which are intended to detect, contain and respond to data security incidents and provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and are increasing in sophistication, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, detect breaches for long periods of time or implement adequate preventive measures. Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our security controls and access, misappropriate or otherwise compromise protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause system shutdowns, negatively affecting our operations. They also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs attacking our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities. Hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems which could unexpectedly compromise information security. In addition, we are subject to heightened vulnerability to cybersecurity attacks associated with increased numbers of employees working from home. Our facilities and services may also be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks; acts of vandalism or theft; coordinated attacks by activist entities; financial fraud schemes; misplaced or lost data; human error; malicious social engineering; or other events which could negatively affect our systems, our customers\u2019 data, proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties, or our operations. In certain circumstances we may rely on third-party vendors to process, store and transmit large amounts of data for our business whose operations are subject to similar risks.\nThe costs to eliminate or address the foregoing security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be material. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of\n \nsensitive personal information, proprietary information or confidential information about us or our customers or other third parties, could expose our customers\u2019 private information and our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and liability, including regulatory penalties, for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business.\nIf we fail to compete effectively to maintain or increase our market share, including maintaining or increasing enrollments in businesses providing health benefits, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows\n \ncould be materially and adversely affected. \nOur businesses face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. In particular geographies or segments, our competitors, compared to us, may have greater capabilities, resources or market share; a more established reputation; superior supplier or health care professional arrangements; better existing business relationships; lower profit margin or financial return expectations; or other factors which give such competitors a competitive advantage. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity in the industries in which we operate, both among our competitors and suppliers. Consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase profitability. \nIn addition, our success in the health care marketplace will depend on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services, which are useful and relevant to health care payers, consumers and our customers, we may not remain competitive, and we risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. For example, new direct-to-consumer business models from competing businesses may make it more difficult for us to directly engage consumers in the selection and management of their health care benefits and health care usage. We may face challenges from new technologies and market entrants which could affect our existing relationship with health plan enrollees in these areas. Any failure by us to continue to develop innovative care models, including accelerating the transition of care to value-based models and expanding access to virtual care, could result in competitive disadvantages and loss of market share. Additionally, our competitive position could be adversely affected by a failure to develop satisfactory data and analytics capabilities or provide services focused on these capabilities to our clients. Our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets, if we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if we fail to realize competitive advantages resulting from collaboration between our businesses, if we are unable to innovate and deliver products and services demonstrating value to our customers, if we do not provide a satisfactory level of services, if membership or \n14\nTable of Contents\ndemand for other services does not increase as we expect or declines, or if we lose accounts with more profitable products while retaining or increasing membership in accounts with less profitable products.\nIf we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care payers, physicians, hospitals and other service providers, our business could be materially and adversely affected. \nWe depend substantially on our continued ability to contract with health care payers (as a service provider to those payers), as well as physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and other service providers at competitive prices. Any failure by us to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers, whether in-network or out-of-network, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. In addition, certain activities related to network design, provider participation in networks and provider payments could result in disputes, which may be costly, divert management\u2019s attention from our operations and result in negative publicity.\nIn any particular market, physicians and health care providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments, or take other actions which could result in higher medical costs, less desirable products for customers or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. In some markets, certain health care providers, particularly hospitals, physician and hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies which could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. In addition, ACOs; practice management companies (which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency); and other organizational structures adopted by physicians, hospitals and other care providers may change the way in which these providers do business with us and may change the competitive landscape. Such organizations or groups of physicians may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our business, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. In addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected. \nOur health care benefits businesses have risk-based arrangements with some physicians, hospitals and other health care providers. These arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs, but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care provider. To the extent a risk-based health care provider organization faces financial difficulties or otherwise is unable to perform its obligations under the arrangement, we may be held responsible for unpaid health care claims which should have been the responsibility of the health care provider and for which we have already paid the provider. Further, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care provider contracts could result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services available to our members. Health care providers with which we contract may not properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations. \nSome providers render services to our members who do not have contracts with us. In those cases, we do not have a pre-established understanding about the amount of compensation due to the provider for services rendered to our members. In some states, the amount of compensation due to these out-of-network providers is defined by law or regulation, but in other cases the amount is either not defined or is established by a standard which does not clearly specify dollar terms. In some instances, providers may believe they are underpaid for their services and may either litigate or arbitrate their dispute with us.\nThe success of some of our businesses, including Optum Health and UnitedHealthcare Global, depend on maintaining satisfactory relationships with physicians as our employees, independent contractors or joint venture partners. The physicians who practice medicine or contract with our affiliated physician organizations could terminate their provider contracts or otherwise become unable or unwilling to continue practicing medicine or contracting with us. We face and will likely continue to face heightened competition in the markets where we operate to acquire or manage physician practices or to employ or contract with individual physicians. If we are unable to maintain or grow satisfactory relationships with physicians, or to acquire, recruit or, in some instances, employ physicians, or to retain enrollees following the departure of a physician, our revenues could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our affiliated physician organizations contract with competitors of UnitedHealthcare. Our businesses could suffer if our affiliated physician organizations fail to maintain relationships with these companies, or fail to adequately price their contracts with these third-party payers.\nIn addition, physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and certain health care providers are customers of our Optum businesses. Physicians also provide medical services at facilities owned by our Optum businesses. Given the importance of health care providers and other constituents to our businesses, failure to maintain satisfactory relationships with them could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \n15\nTable of Contents\nWe are routinely subject to various legal actions, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.\nWe are routinely made party to a variety of legal actions related to, among other matters, the design, management and delivery of our product and service offerings. These matters have included or could in the future include matters related to health care benefits coverage and payment claims (including disputes with enrollees, customers and contracted and non-contracted physicians, hospitals and other health care professionals), tort claims (including claims related to the delivery of health care services, such as medical malpractice by staff at our affiliates\u2019 facilities, or by health care practitioners who are employed by us, have contractual relationships with us, or serve as providers to our managed care networks, including as a result of a failure to adhere to applicable clinical, quality and/or patient safety standards), antitrust claims (including as a result of changes in the enforcement of antitrust laws), whistleblower claims (including claims under the False Claims Act or similar statutes), contract and labor disputes, tax claims and claims related to disclosure of certain business practices. In addition, certain of our pharmacy services operations are subject to the clinical quality, patient safety and other risks inherent in the dispensing, packaging and distribution of drugs, including claims related to purported dispensing and other operational errors. We may also be party to certain class action lawsuits brought by health care professional groups and consumers. We operate in jurisdictions outside of the United States where contractual rights, tax positions and applicable regulations may be subject to interpretation or uncertainty to a greater degree than in the United States, and therefore subject to dispute by customers, government authorities or others. Any failure by us to adhere to the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could subject us to civil and criminal penalties. \nWe are largely self-insured with regard to litigation risks, including claims of medical malpractice against our affiliated physicians and us. Although we record liabilities for our estimates of the probable costs resulting from self-insured matters, it is possible the level of actual losses will significantly exceed the liabilities recorded. Additionally, physicians and other healthcare providers have become subject to an increasing number of legal actions alleging medical malpractice and general professional liabilities.  Even in states that have imposed caps on damages for such actions, litigants are seeking recoveries under new theories of liability that might not be subject to the caps on damages. Many of these actions involve large claims and significant defense costs and, if these actions are asserted against us, could result in substantial monetary damages or damage to our reputation. \nWe cannot predict the outcome of significant legal actions in which we are involved and are incurring expenses in resolving these matters. The legal actions we face or may face in the future could further increase our cost of doing business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. In addition, certain legal actions could result in adverse publicity which could damage our reputation and materially and adversely affect our ability to retain our current business or grow our market share in some markets and businesses.\nAny failure by us to manage successfully our strategic alliances or complete, manage or integrate acquisitions and other significant strategic transactions or relationships domestically or outside the United States could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \nAs part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures and outsourcing transactions and often enter into agreements relating to such transactions. For example, we have a strategic alliance with AARP under which we provide AARP-branded Medicare Supplement insurance to AARP members and other AARP-branded products and services to Medicare beneficiaries.\u00a0If we fail to meet the needs of our alliance or joint venture partners, including by developing additional products and services, providing high levels of service, pricing our products and services competitively or responding effectively to applicable federal and state regulatory changes, our alliances and joint ventures could be damaged or terminated which in turn could adversely impact our reputation, business and results of operations. Further, if we fail to identify and successfully complete transactions, which further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products and technology internally, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or we may be adversely affected by negative market perceptions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.\nSuccess in completing acquisitions is also dependent on effectively integrating the acquired business into our existing operations, including our internal control environment and culture, or otherwise leveraging its operations which may present challenges different from those presented by organic growth and may be difficult for us to manage. In addition, even with appropriate diligence, pre-acquisition practices of an acquired business may expose us to legal challenges and investigations. For example, in January 2021, an indictment for alleged violations of antitrust laws was issued by the DOJ against our subsidiary, Surgical Care Affiliates (SCA), based on conduct alleged to have begun more than five years prior to our acquisition. We are vigorously defending this lawsuit, but if SCA is found liable, we may be subject to criminal fines or reputational harm. If we cannot successfully integrate these acquisitions and realize contemplated revenue growth opportunities \n16\nTable of Contents\nand cost savings, our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. \nAs we expand and operate our business outside of the United States, we are presented with challenges differing from those presented by acquisitions of domestic businesses, including challenges in adapting to new markets, languages, business, labor and cultural practices and regulatory environments. Adapting to these challenges could require us to devote significant senior management attention and other resources to the acquired businesses before we realize anticipated synergies or other benefits from the acquired businesses. These challenges vary widely by country and, outside of the United States, may include political instability, government intervention, discriminatory regulation and currency exchange controls or other restrictions, which could prevent us from transferring funds from these operations out of the countries in which our acquired businesses operate, or converting local currencies we hold into U.S. dollars or other currencies. If we are unable to manage successfully our non-U.S. acquisitions, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position could be materially and adversely affected. \nForeign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our shareholders\u2019 equity from period to period, which could adversely affect our debt to debt-plus-equity ratio, and our future revenues, costs and cash flows from international operations. Any measures we may implement to reduce the effect of volatile currencies may be costly or ineffective.\nOur sales performance will suffer if we do not adequately attract, retain and provide support to a network of independent producers and consultants. \nOur products and services are sold in part through nonexclusive producers and consultants for whose services and allegiance we must compete. Our sales would be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to attract, retain and support such independent producers and consultants or if our sales strategy is not appropriately aligned across distribution channels. Our relationships with producers could be materially and adversely impacted by changes in our business practices and the nature of our relationships to address these pressures, including potential reductions in commission levels.\nUnfavorable economic conditions could materially and adversely affect our revenues and our results of operations. \nUnfavorable economic conditions may impact demand for certain of our products and services. For example, high unemployment during the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic has caused lower enrollment or lower rates of renewal in our employer group benefits and pharmacy services plans. Unfavorable economic conditions also have caused and could continue to cause employers to stop offering certain health care coverage as an employee benefit or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis as a means to reduce their operating costs. In addition, unfavorable economic conditions could adversely impact our ability to increase premiums or result in the cancellation by certain customers of our products and services. These conditions could lead to a decrease in our membership levels and premium and fee revenues and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \nDuring a prolonged unfavorable economic environment, state and federal budgets could be materially and adversely affected, resulting in reduced reimbursements or payments in our federal and state government health care coverage programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and CHIP. A reduction in state Medicaid reimbursement rates could be implemented retroactively to apply to payments already negotiated or received from the government and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. In addition, state and federal budgetary pressures could cause the affected governments to impose new or a higher level of taxes or assessments for our commercial programs, such as premium taxes on health insurance and surcharges or fees on select fee-for-service and capitated medical claims. Any of these developments or actions could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \nA prolonged unfavorable economic environment also could adversely impact the financial position of hospitals and other care providers which could materially and adversely affect our contracted rates with these parties and increase our medical costs or materially and adversely affect their ability to purchase our service offerings. Further, unfavorable economic conditions could adversely impact the customers of our Optum businesses, including health plans, hospitals, care providers, employers and others which could, in turn, materially and adversely affect Optum\u2019s financial results.\nOur failure to attract, develop, retain, and manage the succession of key employees and executives could adversely affect our business, results of operations and future performance. \nWe are dependent on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees and executives, including those with diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets, to operate and expand our business. Experienced and highly skilled employees and executives in the health care and technology industries are in high demand and the market for their services is extremely competitive. We may have difficulty in replacing key executives because of the limited number of qualified individuals in these industries with the breadth of skills and experience required to operate and successfully expand our business. Adverse changes to our corporate culture, which seeks to foster integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation and performance, could harm our business operations and our ability to retain key employees and executives. While we have development and succession plans in place for our key employees and executives, these plans do not guarantee the services of our key employees and executives \n17\nTable of Contents\nwill continue to be available to us. If we are unable to attract, develop, retain and effectively manage the development and succession plans for key employees and executives, our business, results of operations and future performance could be adversely affected. \nOur investment portfolio may suffer losses which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \nMarket fluctuations could impair our profitability and capital position. Volatility in interest rates affects our interest income and the market value of our investments in debt securities of varying maturities which constitute the vast majority of the fair value of our investments as of December\u00a031, 2021. Relatively low interest rates on investments, such as those experienced during recent years, have adversely impacted our investment income. In addition, a delay in payment of principal or interest by issuers, or defaults by issuers (primarily issuers of our investments in corporate and municipal bonds), could reduce our investment income and require us to write down the value of our investments which could adversely affect our profitability and equity. \nOur investments may not produce total positive returns and we may sell investments at prices which are less than their carrying values. Changes in the value of our investment assets, as a result of interest rate fluctuations, changes in issuer financial conditions, illiquidity or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our equity. In addition, if it became necessary for us to liquidate our investment portfolio on an accelerated basis, such an action could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and the capital position of our regulated subsidiaries. \nIf the value of our intangible assets is materially impaired, our results of operations, equity and credit ratings could be materially and adversely affected. \nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, our goodwill and other intangible assets had a carrying value of $86 billion, representing 40% of our total consolidated assets. We periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. The value of our goodwill may be materially and adversely impacted if businesses we acquire perform in a manner inconsistent with our assumptions. In addition, from time to time we divest businesses, and any such divestiture could result in significant asset impairment and disposition charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets. Any future evaluations requiring an impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and equity in the period in which the impairment occurs. A material decrease in equity could, in turn, adversely affect our credit ratings. \nIf we are not able to protect our proprietary rights to our databases, software and related products, our ability to market our knowledge and information-related businesses could be hindered and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. \nWe rely on our agreements with customers, confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties, and our trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and patents to protect our proprietary rights. These legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. In addition, substantial litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in the software industry, and we expect software products to be increasingly subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in this industry segment grows. Such litigation and misappropriation of our proprietary information could hinder our ability to market and sell products and services and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. \nAny downgrades in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \nClaims paying ability, financial strength and debt ratings by Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. Ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used by customers and creditors. We believe our claims paying ability and financial strength ratings are important factors in marketing our products to certain of our customers. Our credit ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings. Each of the credit rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically. Our ratings reflect each credit rating agency\u2019s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to policyholders. We may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings in the future. Any downgrades in our credit ratings could materially increase our costs of or ability to access funds in the debt capital markets and otherwise materially increase our operating costs.\nRisks Related to the Regulation of Our Business\nOur business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could materially and adversely affect our business.\nWe are regulated by federal, state and local governments in the United States and other countries where we do business. Our insurance and HMO subsidiaries must be licensed by and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they conduct \n18\nTable of Contents\nbusiness. For example, states require periodic financial reports and enforce minimum capital or restricted cash reserve requirements. Health plans and insurance companies are also regulated under state insurance holding company regulations and some of our activities may be subject to other health care-related regulations and requirements, including those relating to PPOs, MCOs, UR and TPA-related regulations and licensure requirements. Under state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies which write the same line or similar lines of business. Any such assessment could expose our insurance entities and other insurers to the risk they would be required to pay a portion of an impaired or insolvent insurance company\u2019s claims through state guaranty associations.\nCertain of our businesses provide products or services to government agencies. For example, some of our Optum and UnitedHealthcare businesses hold government contracts or provide services related to government contracts and are subject to U.S. federal and state and non U.S. self-referral, anti-kickback, medical necessity, risk adjustment, false claims and other laws and regulations governing government contractors and the use of government funds. Our relationships with these government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. Among others, certain laws and regulations restrict or prohibit companies from performing work for government agencies which might be viewed as an actual or potential conflict of interest. These laws may limit our ability to pursue and perform certain types of work, thereby materially and adversely affecting our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \nCertain of our Optum businesses are also subject to regulations distinct from those faced by our insurance and HMO subsidiaries, some of which could impact our relationships with physicians, hospitals and customers. These regulations include state telemedicine regulations; debt collection laws; banking regulations; distributor and producer licensing requirements; state corporate practice of medicine doctrines; fee-splitting rules; and health care facility licensure and certificate of need requirements. These risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our ability to market or provide our products and services, or to do so at targeted operating margins, or may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate.\nThe laws and rules governing our businesses and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change. For example, legislative, administrative and public policy changes to the ACA have been and likely will continue to be considered, and we cannot predict if the ACA will be further modified. Litigation challenges have been brought seeking to invalidate the ACA in whole or in part and future litigation challenges are possible. Further, the integration into our businesses of entities we acquire may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including by subjecting us to laws and rules which did not previously apply to us. The broad latitude given to the agencies administering, interpreting and enforcing current and future regulations governing our businesses could force us to change how we do business, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our health care and administrative costs and capital requirements, or expose us to increased liability in courts for coverage determinations, contract interpretation and other actions.\nWe also must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products and services, increase prices for certain regulated products and services and complete certain acquisitions and dispositions or integrate certain acquisitions. For example, premium rates for our health insurance and managed care products are subject to regulatory review or approval in many states and by the federal government. Additionally, we must submit data on all proposed rate increases on many of our products to HHS for monitoring purposes. Geographic and product expansions of our businesses may be subject to state and federal regulatory approvals. Delays in obtaining necessary approvals or our failure to obtain or maintain adequate approvals could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \nCertain of our businesses operate internationally and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or conduct business. These regulatory regimes encompass, among other matters, local and cross-border taxation, licensing, tariffs, intellectual property, investment, capital (including minimum solvency margin and reserve requirements), management control, labor, anti-fraud, anti-corruption and privacy and data protection regulations (including requirements for cross-border data transfers) which vary by jurisdiction. We currently operate outside of the United States and in the future may acquire or commence additional businesses based outside of the United States, increasing our exposure to non-U.S. regulatory regimes.\u00a0For example, our UnitedHealthcare Global business subjects us to Brazilian laws and regulations affecting hospitals, managed care and insurance industries and to regulation by Brazilian regulators, including the national regulatory agency for private health insurance and plans, the Ag\u00eancia Nacional de Sa\u00fade Suplementar, while our Banm\u00e9dica business is subject to Chilean, Colombian and Peruvian laws, regulations and regulators applicable to hospitals and private insurance. Any international regulator may take an approach to the interpretation, implementation and enforcement of industry regulations which could differ from the approach taken by U.S. regulators. In addition, our non-U.S. businesses and operations are subject to U.S. laws regulating the conduct and activities of U.S.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the FCPA, which prohibits offering, promising, providing or authorizing others to give anything of value to a foreign government official to obtain or retain business or otherwise secure a business advantage. Our failure to comply with U.S. or non-U.S. laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the United States or to establish constructive relations with non-U.S. regulators could adversely \n19\nTable of Contents\naffect our ability to market our products and services, or to do so at targeted operating margins which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. \nThe health care industry is regularly subject to negative publicity, including as a result of governmental investigations, adverse media coverage and political debate surrounding industry regulation. Negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets.\nAs a result of our participation in various government health care programs, both as a payer and as a service provider to payers, we are exposed to additional risks associated with program funding, enrollments, payment adjustments, audits and government investigations which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \nWe participate in various federal, state and local government health care benefit programs, including as a payer in Medicare Advantage, Medicare Part D, various Medicaid programs and CHIP, and receive substantial revenues from these programs. Certain of our Optum businesses also provide services to payers participating in government health care programs. A reduction or less than expected increase, or a protracted delay, in government funding for these programs or change in allocation methodologies, or termination of the contract at the option of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.\nThe government health care programs in which we participate generally are subject to frequent changes, including changes which may reduce the number of persons enrolled or eligible for coverage, reduce the amount of reimbursement or payment levels, reduce our participation in certain service areas or markets, or increase our administrative or medical costs under such programs. Revenues for these programs depend on periodic funding from the federal government or applicable state governments and allocation of the funding through various payment mechanisms. Funding for these government programs depends on many factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state level. For example, CMS has in the past reduced or frozen Medicare Advantage benchmarks, and additional cuts to Medicare Advantage benchmarks are possible. In addition, from time to time, CMS makes changes to the way it calculates Medicare Advantage risk adjustment payments.\u00a0Although we have adjusted members\u2019 benefits and premiums on a selective basis, ceased to offer benefit plans in certain counties, and intensified both our medical and operating cost management in response to the benchmark reductions and other funding pressures, these or other strategies may not fully address the funding pressures in the Medicare Advantage program. In addition, payers in the Medicare Advantage program may be subject to reductions in payments from CMS as a result of decreased funding or recoupment pursuant to government audit. States have also made changes in rates and reimbursements for Medicaid members and audits can result in unexpected recoupments.\nUnder the Medicaid managed care program, state Medicaid agencies seek bids from eligible health plans to continue their participation in the acute care Medicaid health programs. If we are not successful in obtaining renewals of state Medicaid managed care contracts, we risk losing the members who were enrolled in those Medicaid plans. Under the Medicare Part D program, to qualify for automatic enrollment of low income members, our bids must result in an enrollee premium below a regional benchmark, which is calculated by the government after all regional bids are submitted. If the enrollee premium is not below the government benchmark, we risk losing the members who were auto-assigned to us and will not have additional members auto-assigned to us. In general, our bids are based upon certain assumptions regarding enrollment, utilization, medical costs and other factors. If any of these assumptions is materially incorrect, either as a result of unforeseen changes to the programs on which we bid, implementation of material program or policy changes after our bid submission, or submission by our competitors at lower rates than our bids, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.\nMany of the government health care coverage programs in which we participate are subject to the prior satisfaction of certain conditions or performance standards or benchmarks. For example, as part of the ACA, CMS has a system providing various quality bonus payments to Medicare Advantage plans meeting certain quality star ratings at the individual plan or local contract level. The star rating system considers various measures adopted by CMS, including, among others, quality of care, preventive services, chronic illness management, handling of appeals and customer satisfaction. Plans must have a rating of four stars or higher to qualify for bonus payments. If we do not maintain or continue to improve our star ratings, our plans may not be eligible for quality bonuses and we may experience a negative impact on our revenues and the benefits our plans can offer, which could materially and adversely affect the marketability of our plans, our membership levels, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Any changes in standards or care delivery models applying to government health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, or our inability to improve our quality scores and star ratings to meet government performance requirements\u00a0or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.\n20\nTable of Contents\nCMS uses various payment mechanisms to allocate funding for Medicare programs, including adjustment of monthly capitation payments to Medicare Advantage plans and Medicare Part D plans according to the predicted health status of each beneficiary as supported by data from health care providers for Medicare Advantage plans, as well as, for Medicare Part D plans, risk-sharing provisions based on a comparison of costs forecasted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs. Some state Medicaid programs utilize a similar process. For example, our UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement and UnitedHealthcare Community & State businesses submit information relating to the health status of enrollees to CMS or state agencies for purposes of determining the amount of certain payments to us. CMS and the Office of Inspector General for HHS periodically perform risk adjustment data validation (RADV) audits of selected Medicare health plans to validate the coding practices of and supporting documentation maintained by health care providers. Certain of our local plans have been selected for such audits, which in the past have resulted and in the future could result in retrospective adjustments to payments made to our health plans, fines, corrective action plans or other adverse action by CMS.\nWe have been and in the future may become involved in routine, regular and special governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments. Such investigations, audits, reviews or assessments sometimes arise out of, or prompt claims by private litigants or whistleblowers who, among other allegations, may claim we failed to disclose certain business practices or, as a government contractor, submitted false or erroneous claims to the government. Governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments could lead to government actions, which have resulted in, and in the future could result in, adverse publicity, the assessment of damages, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions or changes in the way we conduct business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in government programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \nOur businesses providing pharmacy care services face regulatory and operational risks and uncertainties which may differ from the risks of our other businesses.\nWe provide pharmacy care services through our Optum Rx and UnitedHealthcare businesses. Each business is subject to federal and state anti-kickback, beneficiary inducement and other laws governing the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers and consumers. In addition, federal and state legislatures regularly consider new regulations for the industry which could materially affect current industry practices, including potential new legislation and regulations regarding the receipt or disclosure of rebates and other fees from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies and other utilization management tools, the use of average wholesale prices or other pricing benchmarks, pricing for specialty pharmaceuticals, limited access to networks and pharmacy network reimbursement methodologies. Additionally, various governmental agencies have conducted investigations into certain PBM practices, which have resulted in other PBMs agreeing to civil penalties, including the payment of money and entry into corporate integrity agreements. As a provider of pharmacy benefit management services, Optum Rx is also subject to an increasing number of licensure, registration and other laws and accreditation standards. Optum Rx also conducts business through home delivery, specialty and compounding pharmacies, pharmacies located in community mental health centers and home infusion, which subjects it to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those of the DEA and individual state controlled substance authorities, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Boards of Pharmacy. \nWe could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our home delivery, specialty or compounding or clinic-based pharmacies or the provision of home infusion services, including as a result of the risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health care products. Disruptions from any of our home delivery, specialty pharmacy or home infusion services could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.\nIn addition, our pharmacy care services businesses provide services to sponsors of health benefit plans subject to ERISA. A private party or the DOL, which is the agency that enforces ERISA, could assert the fiduciary obligations imposed by the statute apply to some or all of the services provided by our pharmacy care services businesses even where those businesses are not contractually obligated to assume fiduciary obligations. If a court were to determine fiduciary obligations apply, we could be subject to claims for breaches of fiduciary obligations or claims we entered into certain prohibited transactions.\nIf we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers utilizing protected personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. \nThe collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure and disposal of protected personal information are regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and addressed in requirements imposed on us by contracts with customers. These laws, rules and requirements are subject to change. Compliance with new privacy and security laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations. \nInternationally, many of the jurisdictions in which we operate have established their own data security and privacy legal framework with which we or our customers must comply. We expect there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations \n21\nTable of Contents\nand industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the European Union, Brazil, Chile, India and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impacts such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our businesses or the businesses of our customers. For example, effective May 2018, the European Union\u2019s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) overhauled data protection laws in the European Union. GDPR has imposed more stringent European Union data protection requirements on us or our customers, and prescribed greater penalties for noncompliance. Brazilian privacy legislation, similar in certain respects to GDPR, took effect in September 2020.\nMany of our businesses are also subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, which is a multifaceted security standard designed to protect payment card account data. \nHIPAA requires business associates as well as covered entities to comply with certain privacy and security requirements. While we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts with our third-party service providers and in certain cases assess their security controls, we have limited oversight or control over their actions and practices. Several of our businesses act as business associates to their covered entity customers and, as a result, collect, use, disclose and maintain protected personal information in order to provide services to these customers. HHS administers its audit program to assess HIPAA compliance efforts by covered entities and business associates. An audit resulting in findings or allegations of noncompliance could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.\nThrough our Optum businesses, we maintain a database of administrative and clinical data statistically de-identified in accordance with HIPAA standards. Noncompliance or findings of noncompliance with applicable laws, regulations or requirements, or the occurrence of any privacy or security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of protected personal information, whether by us or by one of our third-party service providers, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business and, among other consequences, could subject us to mandatory disclosure to the media, loss of existing or new customers, significant increases in the cost of managing and remediating privacy or security incidents, and material fines, penalties and litigation awards. Any of these consequences could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.\nRestrictions on our ability to obtain funds from our regulated subsidiaries could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. \nBecause we operate as a holding company, we are dependent on dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations. Many of these subsidiaries are regulated by state departments of insurance or similar regulatory authorities. We are also required by law or regulation to maintain specific prescribed minimum amounts of capital in these subsidiaries. The levels of capitalization required depend primarily on the volume of premium revenues generated by the applicable subsidiary. In most states, we are required to seek approval by state regulatory authorities before we transfer money or pay dividends from our regulated subsidiaries exceeding specified amounts. An inability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends to their parent companies in the desired amounts or at the time of our choosing could adversely affect our ability to reinvest in our business through capital expenditures or business acquisitions, as well as our ability to maintain our corporate quarterly dividend payment, repurchase shares of our common stock and repay our debt. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funds from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.", "item1a": ">Item\u00a01A, \u201cRisk Factors.\u201d\nMedicare Advantage Rates.\n Final 2022 Medicare Advantage rates resulted in an increase in industry base rates of approximately 4.1%, short of the industry forward medical cost trend, creating continued pressure in the Medicare Advantage program. \nThe ongoing Medicare Advantage funding pressure places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. There are a number of adjustments we have made to partially offset these rate pressures and reductions. In some years, these adjustments impact the majority of the seniors we serve through Medicare Advantage. For example, we seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits and implement or increase the member premiums supplementing the monthly payments we receive from the government. Additionally, we decide annually on a county-by-county basis where we will offer Medicare Advantage plans.\nOur Medicare Advantage rates are currently enhanced by CMS quality bonuses in certain counties based on our local plans\u2019 Star ratings. The level of Star ratings from CMS, based upon specified clinical and operational performance standards, will impact future quality bonuses. \nACA Tax (Health Insurance Tax). \nThe Health Insurance Tax was permanently repealed by Congress, effective January 1, 2021. The permanent repeal of the tax impacts year-over-year comparability of our financial statements, including revenues, operating costs, medical care ratio (MCR), operating cost ratio, effective tax rate and cash flows from operations.\nCOVID-19 Trends and Uncertainties\nThe COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and the ultimate impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows remains uncertain. In 2021, overall care activity continued to increase, including a mix of temporary deferral of care activity and COVID-19 related care costs. The temporary deferral of care was more than offset by COVID-19 related care and testing costs, rebate requirements and other revenue impacts and general economic impacts. In future periods, care patterns may moderately exceed normal baselines as previously deferred care is obtained and acuity temporarily rises due to missed regular care. From time to time, health system capacity may be subject to possible increased volatility due to the pandemic. Specific trends and uncertainties related to our two business platforms are as follows:\nOptum.\n COVID-19 related care costs continued to impact our Optum Health value-based care delivery businesses, which were partially offset by the continued temporary deferral of care. The temporary deferral of care reduced fee-for-service care delivery volume, as well as Optum Insight and Optum Rx volume-based business activity, although we expect the impact to continue decreasing as care returns to, and potentially exceeds, normal levels. We believe COVID-19 will continue to influence customer and consumer behavior, both during and after the pandemic, which could impact how and where care is delivered and the manner in which consumers wish to receive their prescription drugs or infusion services. As a result of the dynamic situation and broad-reaching impact to the health system, the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our Optum businesses is uncertain.\n26\nTable of Contents\nUnitedHealthcare.\n In 2021, we continued expanded benefit coverage in areas such as COVID-19 related care and testing, telemedicine, and pharmacy; we also continued to assist our customers, care providers, members and communities in addressing the COVID-19 crisis. UnitedHealthcare\u2019s 2021 results of operations were negatively impacted by COVID-19 related care and testing, rebate requirements and other revenue impacts, as well as broader economic impacts, partially offset by the continued deferral of care. The increase in people served through Medicaid was attributable in part to continuing action by states to ease eligibility redetermination requirements due to the COVID-19 public health emergency.\nDisrupted care patterns, as a result of the pandemic, have affected and may continue to temporarily affect the ability to obtain complete member health status information, impacting revenue in businesses utilizing risk adjustment methodologies. The ultimate overall impact is uncertain and dependent on the future pacing, intensity and duration of the pandemic, the severity of new variants of the COVID-19 virus, the effectiveness and extent of administration of vaccination and treatments and general economic uncertainty.\nSELECTED OPERATING PERFORMANCE ITEMS\nThe following represents a summary of select 2021 year-over-year operating comparisons to 2020.\n\u2022\nConsolidated revenues increased by 12%, UnitedHealthcare revenues increased 11% and Optum revenues grew 14%. \n\u2022\nUnitedHealthcare served 2.1 million more people domestically, primarily driven by growth in community and senior programs.\n\u2022\nEarnings from operations increased by 7%, including an increase of 19% at Optum, partially offset by a decrease of 3% at UnitedHealthcare.\n\u2022\nDiluted earnings per common share increased 13% to $18.08. \n\u2022\nCash flows from operations were $22.3 billion.\n\u2022\nReturn on equity was 25.2%.\n27\nTable of Contents\nRESULTS SUMMARY\nThe following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations and other financial information:\n(in millions, except percentages and per share data)\nFor the Years Ended December 31,\nChange\n2021\n2020\n2019\n2021 vs. 2020\nRevenues:\nPremiums\n$\n226,233\u00a0\n$\n201,478\u00a0\n$\n189,699\u00a0\n$\n24,755\u00a0\n12\u00a0\n%\nProducts\n34,437\u00a0\n34,145\u00a0\n31,597\u00a0\n292\u00a0\n1\u00a0\nServices\n24,603\u00a0\n20,016\u00a0\n18,973\u00a0\n4,587\u00a0\n23\u00a0\nInvestment and other income\n2,324\u00a0\n1,502\u00a0\n1,886\u00a0\n822\u00a0\n55\u00a0\nTotal revenues\n287,597\u00a0\n257,141\u00a0\n242,155\u00a0\n30,456\u00a0\n12\u00a0\nOperating costs:\nMedical costs\n186,911\u00a0\n159,396\u00a0\n156,440\u00a0\n27,515\u00a0\n17\u00a0\nOperating costs\n42,579\u00a0\n41,704\u00a0\n35,193\u00a0\n875\u00a0\n2\u00a0\nCost of products sold\n31,034\u00a0\n30,745\u00a0\n28,117\u00a0\n289\u00a0\n1\u00a0\nDepreciation and amortization\n3,103\u00a0\n2,891\u00a0\n2,720\u00a0\n212\u00a0\n7\u00a0\nTotal operating costs\n263,627\u00a0\n234,736\u00a0\n222,470\u00a0\n28,891\u00a0\n12\u00a0\nEarnings from operations\n23,970\u00a0\n22,405\u00a0\n19,685\u00a0\n1,565\u00a0\n7\u00a0\nInterest expense\n(1,660)\n(1,663)\n(1,704)\n3\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nEarnings before income taxes\n22,310\u00a0\n20,742\u00a0\n17,981\u00a0\n1,568\u00a0\n8\u00a0\nProvision for income taxes\n(4,578)\n(4,973)\n(3,742)\n395\u00a0\n(8)\nNet earnings\n17,732\u00a0\n15,769\u00a0\n14,239\u00a0\n1,963\u00a0\n12\u00a0\nEarnings attributable to noncontrolling interests\n(447)\n(366)\n(400)\n(81)\n22\u00a0\nNet earnings attributable to UnitedHealth Group common shareholders\n$\n17,285\u00a0\n$\n15,403\u00a0\n$\n13,839\u00a0\n$\n1,882\u00a0\n12\u00a0\n%\nDiluted earnings per share attributable to UnitedHealth Group common shareholders\n$\n18.08\u00a0\n$\n16.03\u00a0\n$\n14.33\u00a0\n$\n2.05\u00a0\n13\u00a0\n%\nMedical care ratio (a)\n82.6\u00a0\n%\n79.1\u00a0\n%\n82.5\u00a0\n%\n3.5\u00a0\n%\nOperating cost ratio\n14.8\u00a0\n16.2\u00a0\n14.5\u00a0\n(1.4)\nOperating margin\n8.3\u00a0\n8.7\u00a0\n8.1\u00a0\n(0.4)\nTax rate\n20.5\u00a0\n24.0\u00a0\n20.8\u00a0\n(3.5)\nNet earnings margin (b)\n6.0\u00a0\n6.0\u00a0\n5.7\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nReturn on equity (c)\n25.2\u00a0\n%\n24.9\u00a0\n%\n25.7\u00a0\n%\n0.3\u00a0\n%\n________ \n(a)\nMedical care ratio is calculated as medical costs divided by premium revenue.\n(b)\nNet earnings margin attributable to UnitedHealth Group shareholders.\n(c)\nReturn on equity is calculated as net earnings attributable to UnitedHealth Group common shareholders divided by average shareholders\u2019 equity. Average shareholders\u2019 equity is calculated using the shareholders\u2019 equity balance at the end of the preceding year and the shareholders\u2019 equity balances at the end of each of the four quarters of the year presented.\n2021 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COMPARED TO 2020 RESULTS\nConsolidated Financial Results\nRevenues\nThe increases in revenues were primarily driven by the increase in the number of individuals served through Medicare Advantage, Medicaid and commercial offerings; pricing trends; and organic and acquisition growth across the Optum business, primarily due to expansion in care delivery. \nMedical Costs and MCR\nMedical costs increased as a result of growth in people served through Medicare Advantage, Medicaid and commercial offerings, as well as increased COVID-19 related care costs and medical cost trends, partially offset by higher temporary care deferrals. The MCR increased due to increased COVID-19 related care costs and the permanent repeal of the Health Insurance Tax, partially offset by increased temporary care deferrals. Medical costs and the MCR were also impacted by increased prior year favorable reserve development.\n28\nTable of Contents\nOperating Cost Ratio\nThe operating cost ratio decreased primarily due to the permanent repeal of the Health Insurance Tax, COVID-19 impacts on revenue and operating costs in the prior year and operating efficiency gains, partially offset by business mix.\nIncome Tax Rate\nOur effective tax rate decreased primarily due to the permanent repeal of the nondeductible Health Insurance Tax.\nReportable Segments\nSee \nNote 13 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n and Supplement\nary Data\n \n\u201d\n for more information on our segments. We utilize various metrics to evaluate and manage our reportable segments, including individuals served by UnitedHealthcare by major market segment and funding arrangement, people served by Optum Health and adjusted scripts for Optum Rx. These metrics are the main drivers of revenue, earnings and cash flows at each business. The metrics also allow management and investors to evaluate and understand business mix, including the mix of care delivered through accountable care models at Optum Health, customer penetration and pricing trends when comparing the metrics to revenue by segment.\nThe following table presents a summary of the reportable segment financial information:\n\u00a0\nFor the Years Ended December 31,\nChange\n(in millions, except percentages)\n2021\n2020\n2019\n2021 vs. 2020\nRevenues\nUnitedHealthcare\n$\n222,899\u00a0\n$\n200,875\u00a0\n$\n193,842\u00a0\n$\n22,024\u00a0\n11\u00a0\n%\nOptum Health\n54,065\u00a0\n39,808\u00a0\n30,317\u00a0\n14,257\u00a0\n36\u00a0\nOptum Insight\n12,199\u00a0\n10,802\u00a0\n10,006\u00a0\n1,397\u00a0\n13\u00a0\nOptum Rx\n91,314\u00a0\n87,498\u00a0\n74,288\u00a0\n3,816\u00a0\n4\u00a0\nOptum eliminations\n(2,013)\n(1,800)\n(1,661)\n(213)\n12\u00a0\nOptum\n155,565\u00a0\n136,308\u00a0\n112,950\u00a0\n19,257\u00a0\n14\u00a0\nEliminations\n(90,867)\n(80,042)\n(64,637)\n(10,825)\n14\u00a0\nConsolidated revenues\n$\n287,597\u00a0\n$\n257,141\u00a0\n$\n242,155\u00a0\n$\n30,456\u00a0\n12\u00a0\n%\nEarnings from operations\nUnitedHealthcare\n$\n11,975\u00a0\n$\n12,359\u00a0\n$\n10,326\u00a0\n$\n(384)\n(3)\n%\nOptum Health\n4,462\u00a0\n3,434\u00a0\n2,963\u00a0\n1,028\u00a0\n30\u00a0\nOptum Insight\n3,398\u00a0\n2,725\u00a0\n2,494\u00a0\n673\u00a0\n25\u00a0\nOptum Rx\n4,135\u00a0\n3,887\u00a0\n3,902\u00a0\n248\u00a0\n6\u00a0\nOptum\n11,995\u00a0\n10,046\u00a0\n9,359\u00a0\n1,949\u00a0\n19\u00a0\nConsolidated earnings from operations\n$\n23,970\u00a0\n$\n22,405\u00a0\n$\n19,685\u00a0\n$\n1,565\u00a0\n7\u00a0\n%\nOperating margin\nUnitedHealthcare\n5.4\u00a0\n%\n6.2\u00a0\n%\n5.3\u00a0\n%\n(0.8)\n%\nOptum Health\n8.3\u00a0\n8.6\u00a0\n9.8\u00a0\n(0.3)\nOptum Insight\n27.9\u00a0\n25.2\u00a0\n24.9\u00a0\n2.7\u00a0\nOptum Rx\n4.5\u00a0\n4.4\u00a0\n5.3\u00a0\n0.1\u00a0\nOptum\n7.7\u00a0\n7.4\u00a0\n8.3\u00a0\n0.3\u00a0\nConsolidated operating margin\n8.3\u00a0\n%\n8.7\u00a0\n%\n8.1\u00a0\n%\n(0.4)\n%\nUnitedHealthcare\nThe following table summarizes UnitedHealthcare revenues by business:\n\u00a0\nFor the Years Ended December 31,\nChange\n(in millions, except percentages)\n2021\n2020\n2019\n2021 vs. 2020\nUnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual\n$\n60,023\u00a0\n$\n55,872\u00a0\n$\n56,945\u00a0\n$\n4,151\u00a0\n7\u00a0\n%\nUnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement\n100,552\u00a0\n90,764\u00a0\n83,252\u00a0\n9,788\u00a0\n11\u00a0\nUnitedHealthcare Community & State\n53,979\u00a0\n46,487\u00a0\n43,790\u00a0\n7,492\u00a0\n16\u00a0\nUnitedHealthcare Global\n8,345\u00a0\n7,752\u00a0\n9,855\u00a0\n593\u00a0\n8\u00a0\nTotal UnitedHealthcare revenues\n$\n222,899\u00a0\n$\n200,875\u00a0\n$\n193,842\u00a0\n$\n22,024\u00a0\n11\u00a0\n%\n29\nTable of Contents\nThe following table summarizes the number of individuals served by our UnitedHealthcare businesses, by major market segment and funding arrangement:\n\u00a0\nDecember 31,\nChange\n(in thousands, except percentages)\n2021\n2020\n2019\n2021 vs. 2020\nCommercial:\nRisk-based\n7,985\u00a0\n7,910\u00a0\n8,575\u00a0\n75\u00a0\n1\u00a0\n%\nFee-based\n18,595\u00a0\n18,310\u00a0\n19,185\u00a0\n285\u00a0\n2\u00a0\nTotal commercial\n26,580\u00a0\n26,220\u00a0\n27,760\u00a0\n360\u00a0\n1\u00a0\nMedicare Advantage\n6,490\u00a0\n5,710\u00a0\n5,270\u00a0\n780\u00a0\n14\u00a0\nMedicaid\n7,655\u00a0\n6,620\u00a0\n5,900\u00a0\n1,035\u00a0\n16\u00a0\nMedicare Supplement (Standardized)\n4,395\u00a0\n4,460\u00a0\n4,500\u00a0\n(65)\n(1)\nTotal community and senior\n18,540\u00a0\n16,790\u00a0\n15,670\u00a0\n1,750\u00a0\n10\u00a0\nTotal UnitedHealthcare - domestic medical\n45,120\u00a0\n43,010\u00a0\n43,430\u00a0\n2,110\u00a0\n5\u00a0\nGlobal\n5,510\u00a0\n5,425\u00a0\n5,720\u00a0\n85\u00a0\n2\u00a0\nTotal UnitedHealthcare - medical\n50,630\u00a0\n48,435\u00a0\n49,150\u00a0\n2,195\u00a0\n5\u00a0\n%\nSupplemental Data:\nMedicare Part D stand-alone\n3,700\u00a0\n4,045\u00a0\n4,405\u00a0\n(345)\n(9)\n%\nCommercial business increased primarily due to acquisitions in risk-based and fee-based offerings and organic growth in innovative products. Medicare Advantage increased due to growth in people served through individual and group Medicare Advantage plans. The increase in people served through Medicaid was primarily driven by states continuing to ease redetermination requirements due to COVID-19, new state-based awards and growth in people served through Dual Special Needs Plans.\nUnitedHealthcare\u2019s revenues increased due to growth in the number of individuals served through Medicare Advantage and Medicaid, including a greater mix of people with higher acuity needs, and an increase in the number of individuals served through commercial benefits, partially offset by the permanent repeal of the Health Insurance Tax and the impacts of COVID-19 on risk adjusted business. Earnings from operations decreased due to increased COVID-19 related care costs and the impacts of COVID-19 on risk adjusted business, partially offset by higher temporary deferral of care and growth in people served across our domestic businesses. \nOptum\nTotal revenues and earnings from operations increased due to growth across the Optum businesses. The results by segment were as follows:\nOptum Health\nRevenues at Optum Health increased primarily due to organic growth in value-based arrangements, acquisitions in care delivery and the impact of COVID-19 at our fee-based businesses as consumers resumed elective care. Earnings from operations increased due to the factors impacting revenues as well as cost management initiatives and increased investment income. COVID-19 related care costs and temporary care deferrals affected earnings from operations at our value-based and fee-based businesses in offsetting manners. Optum Health served approximately 100 million people as of December 31, 2021 compared to 98 million people as of December 31, 2020.\nOptum Insight\nRevenues and earnings from operations at Optum Insight increased due to growth in technology and managed services, including expanding relationships serving health systems. Earnings from operations also increased due to productivity gains and cost management initiatives.\nOptum Rx\nRevenues and earnings from operations at Optum Rx increased due to higher script volumes from growth in people served, increased utilization and organic growth in pharmacy care services. Earnings from operations also increased as a result of continued supply chain and cost management initiatives. Optum Rx fulfilled 1.4 billion and 1.3 billion adjusted scripts in 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition to the factors contributing to revenue growth, adjusted scripts also increased due to the dispensing of COVID-19 vaccines.\n30\nTable of Contents\nLIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND CAPITAL RESOURCES\nLiquidity\nIntroduction\nWe manage our liquidity and financial position in the context of our overall business strategy. We continually forecast and manage our cash, investments, working capital balances and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. Cash flows generated from operating activities are principally from earnings before noncash expenses. \nOur regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to, among other things, minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by their respective jurisdictions, and restrictions on the timing and amount of dividends paid to their parent companies.\nOur U.S. regulated subsidiaries paid their parent companies dividends of $8.0 billion and $8.3 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively. \nSee \nNote 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n\u201d\n for further detail concerning our regulated subsidiary dividends.\nOur nonregulated businesses also generate significant cash flows from operations available for general corporate use. Cash flows generated by these entities, combined with dividends from our regulated entities and financing through the issuance of long-term debt as well as issuance of commercial paper or the ability to draw under our committed credit facilities, further strengthen our operating and financial flexibility. We use these cash flows to expand our businesses through acquisitions, reinvest in our businesses through capital expenditures, repay debt and return capital to our shareholders through dividends and repurchases of our common stock.\nSummary of our Major Sources and Uses of Cash and Cash Equivalents\n\u00a0\nFor the Years Ended December 31,\nChange\n(in millions)\n2021\n2020\n2019\n2021 vs. 2020\nSources of cash:\nCash provided by operating activities\n$\n22,343\u00a0\n$\n22,174\u00a0\n$\n18,463\u00a0\n$\n169\u00a0\nIssuances of long-term debt and short-term borrowings, net of repayments\n2,481\u00a0\n2,586\u00a0\n3,994\u00a0\n(105)\nProceeds from common share issuances\n1,355\u00a0\n1,440\u00a0\n1,037\u00a0\n(85)\nCustomer funds administered\n622\u00a0\n1,677\u00a0\n13\u00a0\n(1,055)\nOther\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n219\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal sources of cash\n26,801\u00a0\n27,877\u00a0\n23,726\u00a0\nUses of cash:\nCash paid for acquisitions, net of cash assumed\n(4,821)\n(7,139)\n(8,343)\n2,318\u00a0\nCash dividends paid\n(5,280)\n(4,584)\n(3,932)\n(696)\nCommon share repurchases\n(5,000)\n(4,250)\n(5,500)\n(750)\nPurchases of property, equipment and capitalized software\n(2,454)\n(2,051)\n(2,071)\n(403)\nPurchases of investments, net of sales and maturities \n(1,843)\n(2,836)\n(2,504)\n993\u00a0\nPurchases of redeemable noncontrolling interests\n(1,338)\n\u2014\u00a0\n(618)\n(1,338)\nOther\n(1,549)\n(965)\n(619)\n(584)\nTotal uses of cash\n(22,285)\n(21,825)\n(23,587)\nEffect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents\n(62)\n(116)\n(20)\n54\u00a0\nNet increase in cash and cash equivalents\n$\n4,454\u00a0\n$\n5,936\u00a0\n$\n119\u00a0\n$\n(1,482)\n2021 Cash Flows Compared to 2020 Cash Flows\nCash flows provided by operating activities were largely consistent, with higher net earnings being offset by changes in working capital accounts. Other significant changes in sources or uses of cash year-over-year included decreased customer funds administered and increased purchases of redeemable noncontrolling interests, share repurchases and cash dividends paid, partially offset by decreased cash paid for acquisitions and net purchases of investments.\n31\nTable of Contents\nFinancial Condition\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, our cash, cash equivalent, available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities balances of $65.1 billion included $21.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents (of which $2.8 billion was available for general corporate use), $40.2 billion of debt securities and $3.5 billion of equity securities. Given the significant portion of our portfolio held in cash equivalents, we do not anticipate fluctuations in the aggregate fair value of our financial assets to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital position. Other sources of liquidity, primarily from operating cash flows and our commercial paper program, which is fully supported by our bank credit facilities, reduce the need to sell investments during adverse market conditions. See \nNote 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n\u201d\n for further detail concerning our fair value measurements.\nOur available-for-sale debt portfolio had a weighted-average duration of 3.9 years and a weighted-average credit rating of \u201cDouble A\u201d as of December\u00a031, 2021. When multiple credit ratings are available for an individual security, the average of the available ratings is used to determine the weighted-average credit rating.\nCapital Resources and Uses of Liquidity\nCash Requirements. \nThe Company\u2019s cash requirements within the next twelve months include medical costs payable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt, other current liabilities, and purchase commitments and other obligations. We expect the cash required to meet these obligations to be primarily generated through cash flows from current operations; cash available for general corporate use; and the realization of current assets, such as accounts receivable. \nOur long-term cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include:\n\u2022\nDebt Obligations.\n See \nNote 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n\u201d\n for further detail of our long-term debt and the timing of expected future payments. Interest coupon payments are typically paid semi-annually.\n\u2022\nOperating leases.\n See \nNote 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n\u201d\n for further detail of our obligations and the timing of expected future payments.\n\u2022\nPurchase and other obligations.\n These include $4.7 billion, $2.7 billion of which is expected to be paid within the next twelve months, of fixed or minimum commitments under existing purchase obligations for goods and services, including agreements cancelable with the payment of an early termination penalty, and remaining capital commitments for venture capital funds and other funding commitments. These amounts exclude agreements cancelable without penalty and liabilities to the extent recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021.\n\u2022\nOther Liabilities.\n These include other long-term liabilities reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021, including obligations associated with certain employee benefit programs, unrecognized tax benefits and various long-term liabilities, which have some inherent uncertainty in the timing of these payments.\n\u2022\nRedeemable noncontrolling interests.\n \nSee \nNote 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n\u201d\n for further detail. We do not have any material required redemptions in the next twelve months.\nWe expect the cash required to meet our long-term obligations to be primarily generated through future cash flows from operations. However, we also have the ability to generate cash to satisfy both our current and long-term requirements through the issuance of commercial paper,  issuance of long-term debt, or drawing under our committed credit facilities or the ability to sell investments. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs.\nShort-Term Borrowings.\n Our revolving bank credit facilities provide liquidity support for our commercial paper borrowing program, which facilitates the private placement of senior unsecured debt through independent broker-dealers, and are available for general corporate purposes. For more information on our commercial paper and bank credit facilities, see \nNote 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n.\n\u201d\nOur revolving bank credit facilities contain various covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain a defined debt to debt-plus-shareholders\u2019 equity ratio of not more than 60%, subject to increase in certain circumstances set forth in the applicable credit agreement. As of December 31, 2021, our debt to debt-plus-shareholders\u2019 equity ratio, as defined and calculated under the credit facilities, was 36%.\nLong-Term Debt.\n Periodically, we access capital markets to issue long-term debt for general corporate purposes, such as, to meet our working capital requirements, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases. For more information on our debt, see \nNote 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n.\n\u201d\n32\nTable of Contents\nCredit Ratings.\n Our credit ratings as of December\u00a031, 2021 were as follows: \n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nMoody\u2019s\nS&P Global\nFitch\nA.M. Best\n\u00a0\nRatings\nOutlook\nRatings\nOutlook\nRatings\nOutlook\nRatings\nOutlook\nSenior unsecured debt\nA3\nStable\nA+\nStable\nA\nStable\nA\nStable\nCommercial paper\nP-2\nn/a\nA-1\nn/a\nF1\nn/a\nAMB-1+\nn/a\nThe availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, credit ratings, debt covenants and other contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and economic and market conditions. A significant downgrade in our credit ratings or adverse conditions in the capital markets may increase the cost of borrowing for us or limit our access to capital.\nShare Repurchase Program.\n As of December\u00a031, 2021, we had Board authorization to purchase up to 45 million shares of our common stock. For more information on our share repurchase program, see \nNote 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements.\nand Supplementary Data\n.\n\u201d\nDividends. \nIn June 2021, the Company\u2019s Board of Directors increased the Company\u2019s quarterly cash dividend to shareholders to an annual rate of $5.80 compared to $5.00 per share, which the Company had paid since June 2020. For more information on our dividend, see \nNote 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements.\nand Supplementary Data\n.\n\u201d\nPending Acquisitions.\n In 2021, we entered into agreements to acquire multiple companies in the health care sector, most notably, Change Healthcare (NASDAQ: CHNG), subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. Additionally, in January 2022, we entered into agreements to acquire multiple companies in the health care sector, subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. The total anticipated capital required for these acquisitions, excluding the payoff of acquired indebtedness, is approximately $12 billion.\nWe do not have other significant contractual obligations or commitments requiring cash resources. However, we continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs and technology applications and may include acquisitions.\nCRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES\nCritical accounting estimates are those estimates requiring management to make challenging, subjective or complex judgments, often because they must estimate the effects of matters inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Critical accounting estimates involve judgments and uncertainties which are sufficiently sensitive and may result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. \nMedical Costs Payable\nMedical costs and medical costs payable include estimates of our obligations for medical care services rendered on behalf of consumers, but for which claims have either not yet been received or processed. Depending on the health care professional and type of service, the typical billing lag for services can be up to 90 days from the date of service. Approximately 90% of claims related to medical care services are known and settled within 90 days from the date of service and substantially all within twelve months. As of December\u00a031, 2021, our days outstanding in medical payables was 47 days, calculated as total medical payables divided by total medical costs times the number of days in the period. \nIn each reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical costs payable estimates associated with previously reported periods. If the revised estimate of prior period medical costs is less than the previous estimate, we will decrease reported medical costs in the current period (favorable development). If the revised estimate of prior period medical costs is more than the previous estimate, we will increase reported medical costs in the current period (unfavorable development). Medical costs in 2021, 2020 and 2019 included favorable medical cost development related to prior years of $1.7 billion, $880 million and $580 million, respectively.\nIn developing our medical costs payable estimates, we apply different estimation methods depending on the month for which incurred claims are being estimated. For example, for the most recent two months, we estimate claim costs incurred by applying observed medical cost trend factors to the average per member per month (PMPM) medical costs incurred in prior months for which more complete claim data is available, supplemented by a review of near-term completion factors.\nCompletion Factors.\n A completion factor is an actuarial estimate, based upon historical experience and analysis of current trends, of the percentage of incurred claims during a given period adjudicated by us at the date of estimation. Completion factors are the most significant factors we use in developing our medical costs payable estimates for periods prior to the most recent two months. Completion factors include judgments in relation to claim submissions such as the time from date of service \n33\nTable of Contents\nto claim receipt, claim levels and processing cycles, as well as other factors. Our judgments also consider the impacts of COVID-19 on these factors. If actual claims submission rates from providers (which can be influenced by a number of factors, including provider mix and electronic versus manual submissions) or our claim processing patterns are different than estimated, our reserve estimates may be significantly impacted.\nThe following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical costs payable estimates for those periods as of December\u00a031, 2021: \u00a0\nCompletion Factors\n(Decrease) Increase in Factors\nIncrease (Decrease)\nIn Medical Costs Payable\n(in millions)\n(0.75)%\n$\n686\u00a0\n(0.50)\n456\u00a0\n(0.25)\n228\u00a0\n0.25\n(226)\n0.50\n(452)\n0.75\n(676)\nMedical Cost Per Member Per Month Trend Factors.\n Medical cost PMPM trend factors are significant factors we use in developing our medical costs payable estimates for the most recent two months. Medical cost trend factors are developed through a comprehensive analysis of claims incurred in prior months, provider contracting and expected unit costs, benefit design and a review of a broad set of health care utilization indicators, which included consideration of COVID-19. These factors include but are not limited to pharmacy utilization trends, inpatient hospital authorization data and influenza incidence data from the National Centers for Disease Control. We also consider macroeconomic variables such as GDP growth, employment and disposable income. A large number of factors can cause the medical cost trend to vary from our estimates, including: our ability and practices to manage medical and pharmaceutical costs, changes in level and mix of services utilized; mix of benefits offered, including the impact of co-pays and deductibles; changes in medical practices; and catastrophes, epidemics and pandemics, such as COVID-19. \nThe following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical costs payable estimates for the most recent two months as of December\u00a031, 2021: \nMedical Cost PMPM Quarterly Trend\nIncrease (Decrease) in Factors\nIncrease (Decrease)\nIn Medical Costs Payable\n(in millions)\n3%\n$\n895\u00a0\n2\n597\u00a0\n1\n298\u00a0\n(1)\n(298)\n(2)\n(597)\n(3)\n(895)\nThe completion factors and medical costs PMPM trend factors analyses above include outcomes considered reasonably likely based on our historical experience estimating liabilities for incurred but not reported benefit claims. \nManagement believes the amount of medical costs payable is reasonable and adequate to cover our liability for unpaid claims as of December\u00a031, 2021; however, actual claim payments may differ from established estimates as discussed above. Assuming a hypothetical 1% difference between our December\u00a031, 2021 estimates of medical costs payable and actual medical costs payable, excluding AARP Medicare Supplement Insurance and any potential offsetting impact from premium rebates, 2021 net earnings would have increased or decreased by approximately $184 million. \nFor more detail related to our medical cost estimates, see \nNote 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n.\u201d\n \nGoodwill\nWe evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change indicating the carrying value may not be recoverable. When testing goodwill for impairment, we may first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. During a qualitative analysis, we consider the impact of changes, if any, to the following factors: macroeconomic, industry and market factors; cost \n34\nTable of Contents\nfactors; changes in overall financial performance; and any other relevant events and uncertainties impacting a reporting unit. If our qualitative assessment indicates a goodwill impairment is more likely than not, we perform additional quantitative analyses. We may also elect to skip the qualitative testing and proceed directly to the quantitative testing. For reporting units where a quantitative analysis is performed, we perform a test measuring the fair values of the reporting units and comparing them to their aggregate carrying values, including goodwill. If the fair value is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, an impairment is recognized for the difference, up to the carrying amount of goodwill.\nWe estimate the fair values of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow method or a weighted combination of discounted cash flows and a market-based method. The discounted cash flow method includes assumptions about a wide variety of internal and external factors. Significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow method include financial projections of free cash flow, including revenue trends, medical costs trends, operating productivity, income taxes and capital levels; long-term growth rates for determining terminal value beyond the discretely forecasted periods; and discount rates. Financial projections and long-term growth rates used for our reporting units are consistent with, and use inputs from, our internal long-term business plan and strategies. Discount rates are determined for each reporting unit and include consideration of the implied risk inherent in their forecasts. Our most significant estimate in the discount rate determinations involves our adjustments to the peer company weighted average costs of capital reflecting reporting unit-specific factors. We have not made any adjustments to decrease a discount rate below the calculated peer company weighted average cost of capital for any reporting unit. Company-specific adjustments to discount rates are subjective and thus are difficult to measure with certainty. The passage of time and the availability of additional information regarding areas of uncertainty with respect to the reporting units\u2019 operations could cause these assumptions to change in the future. Additionally, as part of our quantitative impairment testing, we perform various sensitivity analyses on certain key assumptions, such as discount rates, cash flow projections and peer company multiples to analyze the potential for a material impact. The market-based method requires determination of an appropriate peer group whose securities are traded on an active market. The peer group is used to derive market multiples to estimate fair value. As of October 1, 2021, we completed our annual impairment tests for goodwill with all of our reporting units having fair values substantially in excess of their carrying values. \nLEGAL MATTERS\nA description of our legal proceedings is presented in \nNote 12 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n.\u201d\n \nCONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK\nInvestments in financial instruments such as marketable securities and accounts receivable may subject us to concentrations of credit risk. Our investments in marketable securities are managed under an investment policy authorized by our Board of Directors. This policy limits the amounts which may be invested in any one issuer and generally limits our investments to U.S. government and agency securities, state and municipal securities and corporate debt obligations of investment grade. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of employer groups and other customers constituting our client base. As of December\u00a031, 2021, there were no significant concentrations of credit risk.", "item7": ">ITEM\u00a07. \n\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\nMANAGEMENT\u2019S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS\nThe following discussion should be read together with the accompanying \nConsolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements thereto included in Part II Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n.\u201d Readers are cautioned the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this report, including discussions regarding financial prospects, economic conditions, trends and uncertainties contained in this Item 7, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the PSLRA. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. A description of some of the risks and uncertainties can be found further below in this Item 7 and in \nPart I, Item 1A, \u201cRisk Factors.\u201d\n \nDiscussions of year-over-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 are not included in this Form 10-K and can be found in \nPart II, Item 7, \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\u201d\n of the Company\u2019s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended\u00a0December 31, 2020.\nEXECUTIVE OVERVIEW \nGeneral\nUnitedHealth Group is a diversified health care company with a mission to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone. Our two complementary businesses \u2014 Optum and UnitedHealthcare \u2014 are driven by this unified mission and vision to improve health care access, affordability, experiences and outcomes for the individuals and organizations we are privileged to serve.\nWe have four reportable segments across our two business platforms, Optum and UnitedHealthcare:\n\u2022\nOptum Health;\n\u2022\nOptum Insight;\n\u2022\nOptum Rx; and\n\u2022\nUnitedHealthcare, which includes UnitedHealthcare Employer\u00a0& Individual, UnitedHealthcare Medicare\u00a0& Retirement, UnitedHealthcare Community\u00a0& State and UnitedHealthcare Global.\nFurther information on our business and reportable segments is presented in \nPart I, Item 1, \u201cBusiness\u201d\n and in\n Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements\n \nand Supplementary Data\n.\n\u201d\nBusiness Trends\nOur businesses participate in the United States, South America and certain other international health markets. In the United States, health care spending has grown consistently for many years and comprises 18% of gross domestic product (GDP). We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macroeconomic conditions, such as the economic impact of COVID-19, and regulatory changes, which could impact our results of operations, including our continued efforts to control health care costs.\nPricing Trends.\n To price our health care benefit products, we start with our view of expected future costs, including any potential impacts from COVID-19. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness and environmental, competitive, legislative and regulatory considerations, including minimum MLR thresholds. We will continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all of these dimensions. \nThe commercial risk market remains highly competitive in the small group, large group and individual segments. We expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs.\nMedicare Advantage funding continues to be pressured, as discussed below in \n\u201cRegulatory Trends and Uncertainties.\u201d\n \nWe expect Medicaid revenue growth due to anticipated changes in mix and pricing trends; we also believe the payment rate environment creates the risk of continued downward pressure on Medicaid margin percentages. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs.\n25\nTable of Contents\nMedical Cost Trends. \nOur medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, health system utilization and prescription drug costs. COVID-19 related care costs as well as the deferral of care have impacted medical cost trends in 2021 and may continue to do so in 2022 and subsequent years. Future medical cost trends may be impacted by increased consumer demand for care, potentially even higher acuity care, due to the temporary deferral of care since the onset of the pandemic. We endeavor to mitigate those increases by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care. The continued uncertain impact of COVID-19 may impact our ability to estimate medical costs payable, which has resulted in, and could continue to result in, increased variability to medical cost reserve development.\nDelivery System and Payment Modernization.\n The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients.\nThis trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. \nRegulatory Trends and Uncertainties\nFollowing is a summary of management\u2019s view of the trends and uncertainties related to regulatory matters. For additional information regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, see \nPart I, Item\u00a01 \u201cBusiness - Government Regulation\u201d\n and ", "item7a": ">ITEM 7A.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK\nOur primary market risks are exposures to changes in interest rates impacting our investment income and interest expense and the fair value of certain of our fixed-rate investments and debt, as well as foreign currency exchange rate risk of the U.S. dollar primarily to the Brazilian real and Chilean peso.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we had $25 billion of financial assets on which the interest rates received vary with market interest rates, which may significantly impact our investment income. Also as of December\u00a031, 2021, $7 billion of our financial liabilities, which include debt and deposit liabilities, were at interest rates which vary with market rates, either directly or through the use of related interest rate swap contracts.\nThe fair value of our fixed-rate investments and debt also varies with market interest rates. As of December\u00a031, 2021, $37 billion of our investments were fixed-rate debt securities and $45 billion of our debt was non-swapped fixed-rate term debt. An increase in market interest rates decreases the market value of fixed-rate investments and fixed-rate debt. Conversely, a decrease in market interest rates increases the market value of fixed-rate investments and fixed-rate debt.\nWe manage exposure to market interest rates by diversifying investments across different fixed-income market sectors and debt across maturities, as well as by matching a portion of our floating-rate assets and liabilities, either directly or through the use of interest rate swap contracts. Unrealized gains and losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities are reported in comprehensive income.\n35\nTable of Contents\nThe following tables summarize the impact of hypothetical changes in market interest rates across the entire yield curve by 1% point or 2% points as of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020 on our investment income and interest expense per annum and the fair value of our investments and debt (in millions, except percentages):\nDecember 31, 2021\nIncrease (Decrease) in Market Interest Rate\nInvestment\nIncome\u00a0Per\nAnnum\nInterest\nExpense\u00a0Per\nAnnum\nFair\u00a0Value\u00a0of\nFinancial Assets\nFair\u00a0Value\u00a0of\nFinancial Liabilities \n2 %\n$\n499\u00a0\n$\n133\u00a0\n$\n(3,080)\n$\n(8,664)\n1\n250\u00a0\n67\u00a0\n(1,564)\n(4,723)\n(1)\n(85)\n(7)\n1,398\u00a0\n5,655\u00a0\n(2)\n(85)\n(7)\n1,857\u00a0\n10,892\u00a0\nDecember 31, 2020\nIncrease (Decrease) in Market Interest Rate\nInvestment\nIncome\u00a0Per\nAnnum\nInterest\nExpense\u00a0Per\nAnnum\nFair\u00a0Value\u00a0of\nFinancial Assets\nFair\u00a0Value\u00a0of\nFinancial Liabilities \n2%\n$\n401\u00a0\n$\n163\u00a0\n$\n(3,020)\n$\n(8,700)\n1\n201\u00a0\n82\u00a0\n(1,499)\n(4,744)\n(1)\n(75)\n(12)\n820\u00a0\n5,266\u00a0\n(2)\n(75)\n(12)\n886\u00a0\n8,101\u00a0\nNote: Given the low absolute level of short-term market rates on our floating-rate assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the assumed hypothetical change in interest rates does not reflect the full 100 and 200 basis point reduction in interest income or interest expense, as the rates are assumed not to fall below zero. As of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, some of our investments had interest rates below 2% so the assumed hypothetical change in the fair value of investments does not reflect the full 200 basis point reduction.\nWe have an exposure to changes in the value of foreign currencies, primarily the Brazilian real and the Chilean peso, to the U.S. dollar in translation of UnitedHealthcare Global\u2019s operating results at the average exchange rate over the accounting period, and UnitedHealthcare Global\u2019s assets and liabilities at the exchange rate at the end of the accounting period. The gains or losses resulting from translating foreign assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars are included in equity and comprehensive income. \nAn appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Brazilian real or Chilean peso reduces the carrying value of the net assets denominated in those currencies. For example, as of December\u00a031, 2021, a hypothetical 10% and 25% increase in the value of the U.S. dollar against those currencies would have caused a reduction in net assets of approximately $520 million and $1.1 billion, respectively. We manage exposure to foreign currency earnings risk primarily by conducting our international business operations in their functional currencies.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we had $\n3.5\n billion of investments in equity securities, primarily consisting of investments in employee savings plan related investments, other venture investments and non-U.S. dollar fixed-income funds. Valuations in non-U.S. dollar funds are subject to foreign exchange rates.\u00a0\n36\nTable of Contents", "companyName": "UNITEDHEALTH GROUP I", "cusip": "91324P102"}