{"item1": ">Item\u00a01. Business\nThe Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries (herein referred to as \u201cBoeing,\u201d the \u201cCompany,\u201d \u201cwe,\u201d \u201cus,\u201d \u201cour\u201d), is one of the world\u2019s major aerospace firms.\nWe are organized based on the products and services we offer. We operate in four reportable segments:\n\u2022\nCommercial Airplanes (BCA);\n\u2022\nDefense, Space & Security (BDS);\n\u2022\nGlobal Services (BGS);\n\u2022\nBoeing Capital (BCC).\nCommercial Airplanes Segment\nThis segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides fleet support services, principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. We are a leading producer of commercial aircraft and offer a family of commercial jetliners designed to meet a broad spectrum of global passenger and cargo requirements of airlines. This family of commercial jet aircraft in production includes the 737 narrow-body model and the 747, 767, 777 and 787 wide-body models. Development continues on the 777X program and certain 737 MAX derivatives.\nDefense, Space\u00a0& Security Segment\nThis segment engages in the research, development, production and modification of manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems for strike, surveillance and mobility, including fighter and trainer aircraft; vertical lift, including rotorcraft and tilt-rotor aircraft; and commercial derivative aircraft, including anti-submarine and tanker aircraft. In addition, this segment engages in the research, development, production and modification of the following products and related services: strategic defense and intelligence systems, including strategic missile and defense systems, command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR), cyber and information solutions, and intelligence systems, satellite systems, including government and commercial satellites and space exploration.\nBDS' primary customer is the United States Department of Defense (U.S. DoD). Revenues from the U.S. DoD, including foreign military sales through the U.S. government, accounted for approximately 84% of its 2021 revenues. Other significant BDS customers include the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and customers in international defense, civil and commercial satellite markets.\nThis segment's primary products include the following fixed-wing military aircraft: F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, F-15 programs, P-8 programs, KC-46A Tanker and T-7A Red Hawk. This segment produces rotorcraft and rotary-wing programs, such as CH-47 Chinook, AH-64 Apache and V-22 Osprey. Unmanned vehicles include the MQ-25, QF-16 and Insitu\u2019s Scan Eagle aircraft. In addition, this segment's products include space and missile systems including: government and commercial satellites, NASA\u2019s Space Launch System (SLS), the International Space Station, Commercial Crew, missile defense and weapons programs and Joint Direct Attack Munition, as well as the United Launch Alliance joint venture.\n1\nTable of \nContents\nGlobal Services Segment\nThis segment provides services to our commercial and defense customers worldwide. BGS sustains aerospace platforms and systems with a full spectrum of products and services, including supply chain and logistics management, engineering, maintenance and modifications, upgrades and conversions, spare parts, pilot and maintenance training systems and services, technical and maintenance documents, and data analytics and digital services.\nBoeing Capital Segment\nBCC seeks to ensure that Boeing customers have the financing they need to buy and take delivery of their Boeing product, while managing overall financing exposure. BCC\u2019s portfolio consists of equipment under operating leases, sales-type/finance leases, notes and other receivables, assets held for sale or re-lease and investments.\nIntellectual Property\nWe own numerous patents and have licenses for the use of patents owned by others, which relate to our products and their manufacture. In addition to owning a large portfolio of intellectual property, we also license intellectual property to and from third parties. For example, the U.S. government has licenses in our patents that are developed in performance of government contracts, and it may use or authorize others to use the inventions covered by such patents for government purposes. Unpatented research, development and engineering skills, as well as certain trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, also make an important contribution to our business. While our intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to the operation of each of our businesses, we do not believe that our business would be materially affected by the expiration of any particular intellectual property right or termination of any particular intellectual property patent license agreement.\nHuman Capital\nThe COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact lives and businesses around the world. We have taken proactive steps to help protect the health and safety of our employees and maintain business continuity. As COVID-19 vaccines became available, we strongly encouraged employees to get vaccinated when eligible, followed federal and state government vaccination requirements, provided resources and support to help employees get vaccinated, offered paid time off for primary and booster vaccinations, and supported vaccination clinics for our employees and their families. We provided access to virtual primary care physicians at no cost. We expanded our virtual work options and many of our office workers continue to telecommute. We have maintained safety protocols at our sites, including face coverings, physical distance requirements and enhanced cleaning requirements. We continue to encourage daily self-health checks and operate our coronavirus hotline, which enables employees to report exposure to COVID-19 and positive COVID-19 test results directly to our Health Services group. As part of that reporting process, we have a robust contact tracing program to identify those who have been in close contact in the workplace with employees who have tested positive for COVID-19. All of the actions above are overseen by Boeing\u2019s Crisis Management Working Group, a multi-functional, multi-discipline team tasked with integrating all aspects of Boeing\u2019s COVID-19 response.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, Boeing\u2019s total workforce was approximately 142,000, with 12% located outside of the U.S.\n2\nTable of \nContents\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, our workforce is composed of approximately 47,000 union members. Our principal collective bargaining agreements were with the following unions:\nUnion\nPercent\u00a0of\u00a0our Employees Represented\nStatus of the Agreements with Major Union\nThe International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM)\n20%\nWe have two major agreements; one expiring in July 2022 and one in September 2024.\nThe Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA)\n10%\nWe have two major agreements expiring in October 2026.\nThe United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW)\n1%\nWe have one major agreement expiring in October 2022.\nWe aspire to be the most equitable, diverse and inclusive company. Guided by our values, we are committed to creating a company where everyone is included and respected, and where we support each other in reaching our full potential. We are committed to diverse representation across all levels of our workforce to reflect the vibrant and thriving diversity of the communities in which we live and work. In June of 2021, we released our first Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion report with our workforce composition. As of December 2020, our U.S. workforce was comprised of approximately 23% women, 31% racial and ethnic minorities and 15% veterans. We also support Business Resource Groups open to all employees with more than 13,000 participants across 150 chapters globally that focus on gender, race & ethnicity, generations, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status. These groups help foster inclusion among all teammates, build awareness, recruit and retain a diverse workforce and support the company in successfully operating in a global, multicultural business environment. We are committed to releasing a Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion report in 2022 which will be updated with 2021 information. Our 2021 report can be found on our website. \nTo attract and retain the best-qualified talent, we offer competitive benefits, including market-competitive compensation, healthcare, paid time off, parental leave, retirement benefits, tuition assistance, employee skills development, leadership development and rotation programs. In 2021, our voluntary resignation rate was approximately 4%. Additionally, we hired approximately 9,800 new employees in 2021 for critical skills and had an offer acceptance rate of 83%.\nEmployees are encouraged to provide feedback about their experience through ongoing employee engagement activities. Boeing actively listens to its employees via surveys ranging from pre-hire to exiting the company. These voluntary surveys provide aggregate trend reports for the company to address in real time and ensure Boeing maintains an employee-focused experience and culture. We also invest in rewarding performance and have established a multi-level recognition program for the purpose of acknowledging the achievements of excellent individual or team performance.\nWe are committed to supporting our employees\u2019 continuous development of professional, technical and leadership skills through access to digital learning resources and through partnerships with leading professional/technical societies and organizations around the world. For 2021, Boeing employees consumed approximately 3.6 million hours of learning. We offer the ability for our people to pursue degree programs, professional certificates and individual courses in strategic fields of study from more than 300 accredited colleges and universities, online and across the globe through our tuition assistance program. Over 10,000 Boeing employees leverage these programs every year.\n3\nTable of \nContents\nSafety, quality, integrity and sustainability are at the core of how Boeing operates. We aspire to achieve zero workplace injuries and provide a safe, open and accountable work environment for our employees. We provide several channels for all employees to speak up, ask for guidance and report concerns related to ethics or safety violations. We address employee concerns and take appropriate actions that uphold our Boeing values.\nCompetition\nThe commercial jet aircraft market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share, such as Airbus and other entrants from Russia, China and Japan. We are focused on improving our processes and continuing cost reduction efforts. We intend to continue to compete with other airplane manufacturers by providing customers with higher quality products.\nBDS faces strong competition in all market segments, primarily from Lockheed Martin Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Raytheon Technologies Corporation, General Dynamics Corporation and SpaceX. Non-U.S. companies such as BAE Systems and Airbus Group continue to build a strategic presence in the U.S. market by strengthening their North American operations and partnering with U.S. defense companies. In addition, certain competitors have occasionally formed teams with other competitors to address specific customer requirements. BDS expects the trend of strong competition to continue into 2022.\nThe commercial and defense services markets are extremely challenging and are made up of many of the same strong U.S. and non-U.S. competitors facing BCA and BDS along with other competitors in those markets. BGS leverages our extensive services network offering products and services which span the life cycle of our defense and commercial airplane programs: training, fleet services and logistics, maintenance and engineering, modifications and upgrades, as well as the daily cycle of gate-to-gate operations. BGS expects the market to remain highly competitive in 2022, and intends to grow market share by leveraging a high level of customer satisfaction and productivity.\nRegulatory Matters\nOur businesses are heavily regulated in most of our markets. We work with numerous U.S. government agencies and entities, including but not limited to, all of the branches of the U.S. military, NASA, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Department of Homeland Security. Similar government authorities exist in our non-U.S. markets.\nGovernment Contracts.\n The U.S. government, and other governments, may terminate any of our government contracts at their convenience, as well as for default based on our failure to meet specified performance requirements. If any of our U.S. government contracts were to be terminated for convenience, we generally would be entitled to receive payment for work completed and allowable termination or cancellation costs. If any of our government contracts were to be terminated for default, generally the U.S. government would pay only for the work that has been accepted and could require us to pay the difference between the original contract price and the cost to re-procure the contract items, net of the work accepted from the original contract. The U.S. government can also hold us liable for damages resulting from the default.\nCommercial Aircraft.\n In the U.S., our commercial aircraft products are required to comply with FAA regulations governing production and quality systems, airworthiness and installation approvals, repair procedures and continuing operational safety. New aircraft models and new derivative aircraft are required to obtain FAA certification prior to entry into service. Outside the U.S., similar requirements exist for airworthiness, installation and operational approvals. These requirements are generally \n4\nTable of \nContents\nadministered by the national aviation authorities of each country and, in the case of Europe, coordinated by the European Union Aviation Safety Agency.\nEnvironmental.\n We are subject to various federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. We could also be affected by future laws and regulations relating to climate change, including laws related to greenhouse gas emissions. These laws and regulations could lead to increased environmental compliance expenditures, increased energy and raw materials costs and new and/or additional investment in designs and technologies. We continually assess our compliance status and management of environmental matters to ensure our operations are in compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. Investigation, remediation and operation and maintenance costs associated with environmental compliance and management of sites are a normal, recurring part of our operations. These costs often are allowable costs under our contracts with the U.S. government. It is reasonably possible that costs incurred to ensure continued environmental compliance could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if additional work requirements or more stringent clean-up standards are imposed by regulators, new areas of soil, air and groundwater contamination are discovered and/or expansions of work scope are prompted by the results of investigations.\nA Potentially Responsible Party (PRP) has joint and several liability under existing U.S. environmental laws. Where we have been designated a PRP by the Environmental Protection Agency or a state environmental agency, we are potentially liable to the government or third parties for the full cost of remediating contamination at our facilities, former facilities or third-party sites. If we were required to fully fund the remediation of a site for which we were originally assigned a partial share, the statutory framework would allow us to pursue rights to contribution from other PRPs. For additional information relating to environmental contingencies, see Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\nNon-U.S. Sales.\n Our non-U.S. sales are subject to both U.S. and non-U.S. governmental regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations relating to import-export control, tariffs, investment, exchange controls, anti-corruption and repatriation of earnings. Non-U.S. sales are also subject to varying currency, political and economic risks.\nRaw Materials, Parts and Subassemblies\nWe are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials, parts and subassemblies from our suppliers and subcontractors. The most important raw materials required for our aerospace products are aluminum (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions), titanium (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions) and composites (including carbon and boron). Although alternative sources generally exist for these raw materials, qualification of the sources could take a year or more. Many major components and product equipment items are procured or subcontracted on a sole-source basis.\nSuppliers\nWe are dependent upon the ability of a large number of U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers and subcontractors to meet performance specifications, quality standards and delivery schedules at our anticipated costs. While we maintain an extensive qualification and performance surveillance system to control risk associated with such reliance on third parties, failure of suppliers or subcontractors to meet commitments could adversely affect production schedules and program/contract profitability, thereby jeopardizing our ability to fulfill commitments to our customers. We are also dependent on the availability of energy sources, such as electricity, at affordable prices.\n5\nTable of \nContents\nSeasonality\nNo material portion of our business is considered to be seasonal.\nExecutive Officers of the Registrant\nSee \u201cItem 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance\u201d in Part III.\nOther Information\nBoeing was originally incorporated in the State of Washington in 1916 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1934. Our principal executive offices are located at 100 N. Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606, and our telephone number is (312)\u00a0544-2000.\nGeneral information about us can be found at www.boeing.com. The information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding SEC registrants, including Boeing.\nForward-Looking Statements\nThis report, as well as our annual report to shareholders, quarterly reports and other filings we make with the SEC, press and earnings releases and other written and oral communications, contain \u201cforward-looking statements\u201d within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as \u201cmay,\u201d \u201cshould,\u201d \u201cexpects,\u201d \u201cintends,\u201d \u201cprojects,\u201d \u201cplans,\u201d \u201cbelieves,\u201d \u201cestimates,\u201d \u201ctargets,\u201d \u201canticipates\u201d and similar expressions generally identify these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future financial condition and operating results, as well as any other statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact.\nForward-looking statements are based on expectations and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable when made, but that may not prove to be accurate. These statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Many factors, including those set forth in the \u201cRisk Factors\u201d section below and other important factors disclosed in this report and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC, could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.\n6\nTable of \nContents", "item1a": ">Item\u00a01A. Risk Factors\nAn investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties and our actual results and future trends may differ materially from our past or projected future performance. We urge investors to consider carefully the risk factors described below in evaluating the information contained in this report.\nRisks Related to COVID-19\nWe face significant risks related to the spread of the COVID-19 virus and developments surrounding the global pandemic have had, and will continue to have, significant effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also face significant risks related to the global economic downturn and severe reduction in commercial air traffic caused by the pandemic. These risks include materially reduced demand for our products and services, increased instability in our operations and in our supply chain and challenges to the ongoing viability of some of our customers. In addition, future vaccination mandates or other government requirements may further disrupt our operations and those of our customers and suppliers. We may face similar risks in connection with any future public health crises, including resurgences in the spread of COVID-19.\nThe COVID-19 pandemic has subjected our business, operations, financial performance, cash flows and financial condition to a number of risks, including, but not limited to those discussed below.\nOperations-related risks:\n As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are facing increased operational challenges from the need to protect employee health and safety. These challenges have included, and may in the future include, production site shutdowns, workplace disruptions and restrictions on the movement of people, social distancing guidelines, increased employee absenteeism due to illness and/or quarantine/contact tracing requirements, as well as reduced availability of raw materials and goods, both at our own facilities and those of our customers and suppliers.\nDuring the second quarter of 2020, we temporarily suspended operations in Puget Sound, South Carolina, and Philadelphia, as well as at several other key production sites. We had not previously experienced a complete suspension of our operations at these production sites. While we have resumed operations at all of our production sites, we cannot predict whether or where further production disruptions could be required or what the ongoing impact of COVID-19-related operating restrictions will be. For example, we continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies as well as additional operating costs due to social distancing requirements, increased levels of employee absenteeism and other factors related to COVID-19 restrictions. We cannot predict the impact that future production disruptions may have on our business, operations, financial performance and financial condition. We continue to monitor federal, state and municipal health authorities for new or modified guidance and requirements concerning the COVID-19 pandemic, and we may be required to impose additional operational restrictions and/or suspend operations at key production sites based on these requirements and recommendations and/or workplace disruptions caused by COVID-19. If future vaccination mandates or other similar governmental requirements take effect, or if COVID-19 case rates worsen at one or more of our production facilities, we may face further increases in employee absenteeism and/or attrition, any of which could cause operational disruptions and otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.\nMany of our suppliers also were required to suspend operations during the second quarter of 2020. In 2021, we experienced part shortages which disrupted our operations and delayed deliveries. We may experience additional disruptions and/or part shortages in 2022. Any such disruptions could have severe adverse impacts on our production costs, delivery schedule and/or ability to meet customer commitments.\n7\nTable of \nContents\nFurther production disruptions and inefficiencies, suspension of operations or delayed recovery in our operations, and/or any comparable impacts involving one or more of our key suppliers, or the failure of any of our key suppliers, would result in further challenges to our business, which could have a further material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.\nLiquidity risks:\n \nThe COVID-19 pandemic has also had a significant impact on our liquidity and overall debt levels. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, net cash used by operating activities was $3.4 billion. At December\u00a031, 2021, cash and short-term investments totaled $16.2 billion. Our debt balance totaled $58.1 billion at December 31, 2021, down from $63.6\u00a0billion at December 31, 2020. We expect negative operating cash flows in future quarters until deliveries begin to return to historical levels, and if the pace and scope of the recovery are worse than we currently contemplate, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to fund our operations and obligations. If we were to need to obtain additional financing, uncertainty related to COVID-19 and its impact on us and the aerospace industry, as well as continued uncertainty with respect to our credit rating could limit our access to credit markets and we may have difficulty obtaining financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, certain of our customers may also be unable to make timely payments to us. Factors that could limit our access to additional liquidity include further disruptions in the global capital markets and/or additional declines in our financial performance, outlook or credit ratings. The occurrence of any or all of these events could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and/or meet outstanding debt obligations and contractual commitments. In addition, further downgrades in our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets, and a significant downgrade could have an adverse impact on our businesses.\nCustomer-related risks:\n Commercial air traffic has fallen dramatically due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This trend has impacted passenger traffic most severely. Most airlines have significantly reduced their capacity, and many could implement further reductions. Many airlines are also implementing significant reductions in staffing. These capacity changes are causing, and are expected to continue to cause, negative impacts to our customers\u2019 revenue, earnings, and cash flow, and in some cases may threaten the future viability of some of our customers, potentially causing defaults within our customer financing portfolio, which was $1.8 billion as of December\u00a031, 2021 and/or requiring us to remarket aircraft that have already been produced and/or are currently in backlog. If we are unable to successfully remarket these aircraft and/or the narrow-body and wide-body markets do not recover as soon as we are currently assuming, or if we are required to further reduce production rates and/or contract the accounting quantity on any of our commercial programs, we could experience material reductions in earnings and/or be required to recognize a reach-forward loss on one or more of our programs. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we recognized a reach-forward loss on the 777X program in part due to impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, we may experience fewer new orders and increased cancellations across all of our commercial airplane programs as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated impacts on demand. Our customers may also lack sufficient liquidity to purchase new aircraft due to impacts from the pandemic.\nIn addition to the near-term impact, there is risk that the industry implements longer-term strategies involving reduced capacity, shifting route patterns and mitigation strategies related to impacts from COVID-19 and the risk of future public health crises. In addition, airlines may experience reduced demand due to reluctance by the flying public to travel as a result of travel restrictions and/or social distancing requirements.\nAs a result, there is significant uncertainty with respect to whether and at what point commercial air traffic capacity will return to and/or exceed pre-COVID-19 levels. This uncertainty may have a significant impact on the demand for both single-aisle and wide-body commercial aircraft, as well as for the services we provide to commercial airlines. In addition, a lengthy period of reduced industry-wide demand for commercial aircraft would put additional pressure on our suppliers, resulting in increased procurement costs and/or additional supply chain disruption. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic \n8\nTable of \nContents\nor its aftermath further impacts demand for our products and services or impairs the viability of some of our customers and/or suppliers, our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows could be adversely affected, and those impacts could be material.\nOther risks:\n The magnitude and duration of the global COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and continues to adversely affect our business and operating and financial results. For example, during the fourth quarter of 2020, due in part to the prolonged adverse impact of the pandemic on our earnings, we recorded an increase of $2.5 billion to the valuation allowance associated with deferred income tax assets. The pandemic also is expected to heighten many of the other risks described below. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic could cause and continue to cause an increasingly competitive labor market due to a sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not expect to present significant risks to our operations or financial results.\nRisks Related to Our Business and Operations\nWe remain subject to a number of risks and uncertainties related to the 737 MAX.\u00a0These risks include uncertainties regarding the timing and conditions of remaining 737 MAX regulatory approvals, lower than planned production rates and/or delivery rates, additional considerations to customers, increased supplier costs and supply chain health, changes to the assumptions and estimates made in our financial statements regarding the 737 program and potential outcomes of 737 MAX-related legal proceedings and government investigations that remain outstanding.\nOn March 13, 2019, the FAA issued an order to suspend operations of all 737 MAX aircraft in the U.S. and by U.S. aircraft operators following two fatal 737 MAX accidents. Non-U.S. civil aviation authorities issued directives to the same effect. Deliveries of the 737 MAX were suspended until December 2020. The grounding reduced revenues, operating margins and cash flows, and will continue to do so until production rates return to pre-grounding levels. While we have received regulatory approval to return the 737 MAX to service in most jurisdictions, we continue to work with certain non-U.S. civil aviation authorities to complete remaining steps toward certification and readiness for return to service worldwide. Any delays in the completion of the certification activities and/or the ramp-up of deliveries or other liabilities associated with the accidents or grounding could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. In addition, multiple legal actions have been filed against us related to the 737 MAX. We also are fully cooperating with U.S. government investigations related to the accidents and the 737 MAX, including an ongoing investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We also remain subject to compliance with a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice relating to the Department of Justice\u2019s investigation into us regarding the evaluation of the 737 MAX airplane by the FAA. We expensed $744 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 related to this agreement. Any further adverse impacts related to any such litigation or investigations could have a further material impact on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.\nDuring 2019, we announced plans to reduce, and ultimately to suspend 737 production. Impacts related to our suspension of 737 MAX production from 2019 to 2020 significantly increased costs to produce aircraft included in the current accounting quantity and have resulted in reduced 737 program and overall BCA segment operating margins. We have also made significant assumptions regarding estimated costs expected to be incurred in 2022 that should be included in program inventory and those estimated costs that will be expensed when incurred as abnormal production costs. If the completion of remaining certification activities and/or our ability to deliver 737 aircraft to customers is impaired, we will incur significant additional costs and/or be required to delay the planned ramp-up of 737 production. These delays would also result in significant additional disruption to the 737 production system and \n9\nTable of \nContents\nfurther delay efforts to restore and/or implement previously planned increases in the 737 production rate. Cash flows continue to be negatively impacted by delayed payments from customers, higher costs and inventory levels, and payments made to customers in connection with disruption to their operations. In addition, we have experienced claims and assertions from customers in connection with the grounding and associated delivery delays, and recorded an estimate of potential concessions and other considerations to customers for these disruptions. As of December 31, 2021, the remaining liability associated with these concessions and other considerations totaled $2.9 billion, of which $0.7 billion remains subject to negotiation.\nAny further delays in regulatory approval of the 737 MAX in one or more jurisdictions, further disruptions to suppliers and/or the long-term health of the production system, supplier claims or assertions, or changes to estimated concessions or other considerations we expect to provide to customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. In the event of unanticipated additional training requirements in one or more jurisdictions, delays in regulatory approval and/or delays in our ability to resume deliveries to one or more customers, we may be required to take actions with longer-term impact, such as further changes to our production plans, employment reductions and/or the expenditure of significant resources to support our supply chain and/or customers.\nWe have made significant estimates with respect to the 737 program regarding the number of units to be produced, the period during which those units are likely to be produced, and the units\u2019 expected sales prices, production costs, program tooling and other non-recurring costs, and routine warranty costs. We have made assumptions regarding outcomes of accident investigations and other government inquiries, timing of future 737 production rate increases, timing and sequence of future deliveries, supply chain health as we implement our production plans, as well as outcomes of negotiations with customers. Any changes in these estimates and/or assumptions with respect to the 737 program could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.\nIn addition to the impact of COVID-19 described above, our Commercial Airplanes and Global Services businesses depend heavily on commercial airlines, and are subject to unique risks.\nMarket conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services.\n The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. The principal factors underlying long-term traffic growth are sustained economic growth and political stability both in developed and emerging markets. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, world trade policies, government-to-government relations, technological advances, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices, terrorism, epidemics and environmental regulations. Traditionally, the airline industry has been cyclical and very competitive and has experienced significant profit swings and constant challenges to be more cost competitive. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally or the financial stability of one or more of our major customers could result in fewer new orders for aircraft or services, or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders and/or payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability and cash flows and a reduction in our contractual backlog. In addition, because our commercial aircraft backlog consists of aircraft scheduled for delivery over a period of several years, any of these macroeconomic, industry or customer impacts could unexpectedly affect deliveries over a long period.\nWe enter into firm fixed-price aircraft sales contracts with indexed price escalation clauses, which could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate.\n Commercial aircraft sales contracts are often entered into years before the aircraft are delivered. In order to help account for economic fluctuations between the contract date and delivery date, aircraft pricing generally consists of a fixed amount as modified by price escalation formulas \n10\nTable of \nContents\nderived from labor, commodity and other price indices. Our revenue estimates are based on current expectations with respect to these escalation formulas, but the actual escalation amounts are outside of our control. Escalation factors can fluctuate significantly from period to period. Changes in escalation amounts can significantly impact revenues and operating margins in our Commercial Airplanes business.\nWe derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial airlines.\n We can make no assurance that any customer will exercise purchase options, fulfill existing purchase commitments or purchase additional products or services from us. In addition, fleet decisions, airline consolidations or financial challenges involving any of our major commercial airline customers could significantly reduce our revenues and limit our opportunity to generate profits from those customers.\nOur Commercial Airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, ensure every airplane in our production system conforms to our exacting specification, achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards.\nThe commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with U.S and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners, and stringent regulatory requirements, including the risk of evolving standards for commercial aircraft certification, and performance and reliability standards. The FAA has been working to implement safety reforms such as the implementation of the 2018 FAA Reauthorization Act and the 2020 Aircraft Certification, Safety and Accountability Act, among them changing the process for certification of commercial aircraft. Comparable agencies that regulate similar matters in other countries may adopt similar changes. To the extent the FAA or other similar regulatory agencies outside the U.S. implement more stringent regulations, we may incur additional costs to achieve compliance. In addition, the introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives, such as the 777X, involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, production and certification schedules. The 737 program experienced significant disruption due to the grounding of the 737 MAX and associated suspension of commercial operations of the 737 MAX aircraft by civil aviation authorities around the globe. 737 MAX deliveries resumed in late 2020 and early 2021 upon approval of the FAA and other non-U.S. civil aviation authorities. During 2020 and 2021, we experienced production quality issues, including in our supply chain, which have contributed to lower 787 deliveries, including a pause in 787 deliveries since May 2021. During 2021, this resulted in reprioritizing production resources to support inspections and rework. We continue to conduct inspections and rework on undelivered 787 aircraft and engage in detailed discussions with the FAA regarding required actions for resuming delivery. A number of our customers may have contractual remedies, including compensation for late deliveries as well as rights to reject individual airplane deliveries if the actual delivery date is significantly later than the contractual delivery date. The regulators will ultimately determine the timing and conditions for resuming 787 deliveries. Delays on the 737 MAX, 777X and 787 programs have resulted in, and may continue to result in, customers having the right to terminate orders and/or substitute orders for other Boeing aircraft.\nWe must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability and implement productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. \nWe have previously announced plans to adjust production rates on several of our commercial aircraft programs. During 2021, we reprioritized production resources to support inspections and rework on undelivered 787 aircraft. The 787 program is currently producing at very low rates and expects that to continue until deliveries resume. We are also continuing to implement changes in the production process designed to ensure that newly-built airplanes meet our specifications and do not require further inspections and rework. In addition, we continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements and optimizing how we manage inventory. If production rate changes at any \n11\nTable of \nContents\nof our commercial aircraft assembly facilities are delayed or create significant disruption to our production system, or if our suppliers cannot timely deliver components to us at the cost and rates necessary to achieve our targets, we may be unable to meet delivery schedules and/or the financial performance of one or more of our programs may suffer.\nOperational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. \nOur commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex. Operational issues, including delays or defects in supplier components, failure to meet internal performance plans, or delays or failures to achieve required regulatory approval, could result in significant out-of-sequence work and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers, impacts to aircraft performance and/or increased warranty or fleet support costs. For example, in 2021, we performed additional inspections and associated rework on 787 aircraft in inventory and continued discussions with the FAA regarding required actions to resume deliveries, resulting in additional costs and further delays in aircraft deliveries to customers.\nIf our commercial airplanes fail to satisfy performance and reliability requirements, we could face additional costs and/or lower revenues. \nDeveloping and manufacturing commercial aircraft that meet or exceed our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulatory agencies, can be costly and technologically challenging. These challenges are particularly significant with newer aircraft programs. Any failure of any Boeing aircraft to satisfy performance or reliability requirements could result in disruption to our operations, higher costs and/or lower revenues.\nChanges in levels of U.S. government defense spending or overall acquisition priorities could negatively impact our financial position and results of operations.\nWe derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the U.S. government, primarily from defense related programs with the U.S. DoD. Levels of U.S. defense spending are very difficult to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors such as the evolving nature of the national security threat environment, U.S. national security strategy, U.S. foreign policy, the domestic political environment, macroeconomic conditions and the ability of the U.S. government to enact relevant legislation such as authorization and appropriations bills.\nThe timeliness of FY22 and future appropriations for government departments and agencies remains a recurrent risk. A lapse in appropriations for government departments or agencies would result in a full or partial government shutdown, which could impact the Company\u2019s operations. Alternatively, Congress may fund government departments and agencies with one or more Continuing Resolutions; however, this would restrict the execution of certain program activities and delay new programs or competitions. In addition, long-term uncertainty remains with respect to overall levels of defense spending in FY22 and beyond, and it is likely that U.S. government discretionary spending, including defense spending, will continue to be subject to pressure.\nThere continues to be uncertainty with respect to future acquisition priorities and program-level appropriations for the U.S. DoD and other government agencies (including NASA), including changes to national security and defense priorities, and tension between modernization investments, sustainment investments, and investments in new technologies or emergent capabilities. Future investment priority changes or budget cuts, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or programs, or future program opportunities. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on the results of the Company\u2019s financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.\nIn addition, as a result of the significant ongoing uncertainty with respect to both U.S. defense spending and the evolving nature of the national security threat environment, we also expect the U.S. DoD to continue to emphasize affordability, innovation, cybersecurity and delivery of technical data and \n12\nTable of \nContents\nsoftware in its procurement processes. If we can no longer adjust successfully to these changing acquisition policies, our revenues and market share could be impacted. Also, additional federal appropriations to cover the increased costs of federal contractors\u2019 compliance with evolving U.S. Government contractual requirements associated with COVID-19 mitigation are unlikely, reducing the U.S. Government\u2019s buying power.\nOur ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of raw materials and other components.\nWe rely on other companies, including U.S. and non-U.S. subcontractors and suppliers, to provide and produce raw materials, integrated components and sub-assemblies, and production commodities and to perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors experiences financial difficulties, delivery delays or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers or incur additional costs. In addition, if one or more of the raw materials on which we depend (such as aluminum, titanium or composites) becomes unavailable to us or our suppliers, or is available only at very high prices, we may be unable to deliver one or more of our products in a timely fashion or at budgeted costs. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply. Any service disruption from one of these suppliers, either due to circumstances beyond the supplier\u2019s control, such as geopolitical developments, or as a result of performance problems or financial difficulties, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet commitments to our customers or increase our operating costs.\nCompetition within our markets and with respect to the products we sell may reduce our future contracts and sales.\nThe markets in which we operate are highly competitive and one or more of our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas. In our Commercial Airplanes business, we anticipate increasing competition among non-U.S. aircraft manufacturers of commercial jet aircraft. In our BDS business, we anticipate that the effects of defense industry consolidation, shifting acquisition and budget priorities, and continued cost pressure at our U.S. DoD and non-U.S. customers will intensify competition for many of our BDS products. Our BGS segment faces competition from many of the same strong U.S. and non-U.S. competitors facing BCA and BDS. Furthermore, we are facing increased international competition and cross-border consolidation of competition. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face will not result in reduced revenues and market share.\nWe derive a significant portion of our revenues from non-U.S. sales and are subject to the risks of doing business in other countries.\nIn 2021, non-U.S. customers, which includes foreign military sales (FMS), accounted for approximately 37% of our revenues. We expect that non-U.S. sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. As a result, we are subject to risks of doing business internationally, including:\n\u2022\nchanges in regulatory requirements or other executive branch actions, such as Executive Orders;\n\u2022\nchanges in the global trade environment, including disputes with authorities in non-U.S. jurisdictions, including international trade authorities, that could impact sales and/or delivery of products and services outside the U.S. and/or impose costs on our customers in the form of tariffs, duties or penalties attributable to the importation of Boeing products and services;\n13\nTable of \nContents\n\u2022\nU.S. and non-U.S. government policies, including requirements to expend a portion of program funds locally and governmental industrial cooperation or participation requirements;\n\u2022\nfluctuations in international currency exchange rates;\n\u2022\nvolatility in international political and economic environments and changes in non-U.S. national priorities and budgets, which can lead to delays or fluctuations in orders;\n\u2022\nthe complexity and necessity of using non-U.S. representatives and consultants;\n\u2022\nthe uncertainty of the ability of non-U.S. customers to finance purchases, including the availability of financing from the Export-Import Bank of the United States;\n\u2022\nuncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding credit or guarantees;\n\u2022\nimposition of domestic and international taxes, export controls, tariffs, embargoes, sanctions and other trade restrictions;\n\u2022\nthe difficulty of management and operation of an enterprise spread over many countries;\n\u2022\ncompliance with a variety of non-U.S. laws, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad; and\n\u2022\nunforeseen developments and conditions, including terrorism, war, epidemics and international tensions and conflicts.\nWhile the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our operations in the future. For example, since 2018, the U.S. and China have imposed tariffs on each other\u2019s imports. China is a very significant market for commercial airplanes and represents a significant component of our commercial airplanes backlog.\n \nImpacts from these or future potential tariffs, or deterioration in trade relations between the U.S. and one or more other countries, could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.\nWe use estimates in accounting for many contracts and programs. Changes in our estimates could adversely affect our future financial results.\nContract and program accounting require judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating revenues and costs and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts and programs, the estimation of total revenues and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Assumptions have to be made regarding the length of time to complete the contract or program because costs also include expected increases in wages and employee benefits, material prices and allocated fixed costs. Incentives or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating sales and profit rates and are recorded when there is sufficient information for us to assess anticipated performance. Supplier claims and assertions are also assessed and considered in estimating costs and profit rates. Estimates of future award fees are also included in sales and profit rates.\nWith respect to each of our commercial aircraft programs, inventoriable production costs (including overhead), program tooling and other non-recurring costs and routine warranty costs are accumulated and charged as cost of sales by program instead of by individual units or contracts. A program consists of the estimated number of units (accounting quantity) of a product to be produced in a continuing, long-term production effort for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates. To establish the relationship of sales to cost of sales, program accounting requires estimates of (a)\u00a0the number of units to be produced and sold in a program, (b)\u00a0the period over which the units can reasonably be expected to be produced and (c)\u00a0the units\u2019 expected sales prices, production costs, program tooling and other non-recurring costs, and routine warranty costs for the total program. Several factors determine accounting quantity, including firm orders, letters of intent from prospective customers and market studies. Changes to customer or model mix, \n14\nTable of \nContents\nproduction costs and rates, learning curve, changes to price escalation indices, costs of derivative aircraft, supplier performance, customer and supplier negotiations/settlements, supplier claims and/or certification issues can impact these estimates. In addition, on development programs such as the 777X, we are subject to risks with respect to the timing and conditions of aircraft certification, including potential gaps between when aircraft are certified in various jurisdictions, changes in certification processes and our estimates with respect to timing of future certifications, which could have an impact on overall program status. Any such change in estimates relating to program accounting may adversely affect future financial performance.\nBecause of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes described above, materially different sales and profit amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect future period financial performance. For additional information on our accounting policies for recognizing sales and profits, see our discussion under \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis \u2013 Critical Accounting Policies & Estimates \u2013 Accounting for Long-term Contracts/Program Accounting\u201d on pages 51 \u2013 54 and Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 64 \u2013 77 of this Form\u00a010-K.\nWe may not realize the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures.\nAs part of our business strategy, we may merge with or acquire businesses and/or form joint ventures and strategic alliances. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these acquisitions and related activities depends, in part, upon our ability to integrate the operations of the acquired business, the performance of the underlying product and service portfolio, and the performance of the management team and other personnel of the acquired operations. Accordingly, our financial results could be adversely affected by unanticipated performance issues, legacy liabilities, transaction-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles, charges for impairment of long-term assets, credit guarantees, partner performance and indemnifications. Consolidations of joint ventures could also impact our reported results of operations or financial position. While we believe that we have established appropriate and adequate procedures and processes to mitigate these risks, there is no assurance that these transactions will be successful. We also may make strategic divestitures from time to time. These transactions may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction. Nonperformance by those divested businesses could affect our future financial results through additional payment obligations, higher costs or asset write-downs.\nRisks Related to Our Contracts\nWe conduct a significant portion of our business pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which are subject to unique risks.\nIn 2021, 49% of our revenues were earned pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which include FMS through the U.S. government. Business conducted pursuant to such contracts is subject to extensive procurement regulations and other unique risks.\nOur sales to the U.S. government are subject to extensive procurement regulations, and changes to those regulations could increase our costs.\n New procurement regulations, or changes to existing requirements, could increase our compliance costs or otherwise have a material impact on the operating margins of our BDS and BGS businesses. These requirements may also result in withheld payments and/or reduced future business if we fail to comply. For example, proposals to raise domestic content thresholds for our U.S. government contracts could have negative impacts on our business. Compliance costs attributable to current and potential future procurement regulations such as these could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.\n15\nTable of \nContents\nThe U.S. government may modify, curtail or terminate one or more of our contracts.\n The U.S. government contracting party may modify, curtail or terminate its contracts and subcontracts with us, without prior notice and either at its convenience or for default based on performance. In addition, funding pursuant to our U.S. government contracts may be reduced or withheld as part of the U.S. Congressional appropriations process due to fiscal constraints, changes in U.S. national security strategy and/or priorities or other reasons. Further uncertainty with respect to ongoing programs could also result in the event that the U.S. government finances its operations through temporary funding measures such as \u201ccontinuing resolutions\u201d rather than full-year appropriations. Any loss or anticipated loss or reduction of expected funding and/or modification, curtailment or termination of one or more large programs could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.\nWe are subject to U.S. government inquiries and investigations, including periodic audits of costs that we determine are reimbursable under U.S. government contracts.\n U.S. government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Contract Management Agency, routinely audit government contractors. These agencies review our performance under contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards, as well as the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies. Any costs found to be misclassified or inaccurately allocated to a specific contract will be deemed non-reimbursable, and to the extent already reimbursed, must be refunded. Any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in withholds on billed receivables, penalties and reduced future business. Furthermore, if any audit, inquiry or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government. We also could suffer reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us, even if such allegations are later determined to be false.\nWe enter into fixed-price contracts which could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns.\nOur BDS and BGS defense businesses generated approximately 68% and 69% of their 2021 revenues from fixed-price contracts. While fixed-price contracts enable us to benefit from performance improvements, cost reductions and efficiencies, they also subject us to the risk of reduced margins or incurring losses if we are unable to achieve estimated costs and revenues. In addition, increased compliance costs and costs due to loss of productivity due to COVID-19 may not be reimbursed. If our estimated costs exceed our estimated price, we recognize reach-forward losses which can significantly affect our reported results. For example in the fourth quarter of 2021, BDS recorded additional losses of $402\u00a0million on the KC-46A Tanker contract reflecting continued disruption in the factory and in the supply chain, including impacts of COVID-19, and an increase in costs to complete the new Remote Vision System as the customer\u2019s requirements definition has evolved. New programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. The long term nature of many of our contracts makes the process of estimating costs and revenues on fixed-price contracts inherently risky. Fixed-price contracts often contain price incentives and penalties tied to performance, which can be difficult to estimate and have significant impacts on margins. In addition, some of our contracts have specific provisions relating to cost, schedule and performance.\nFixed-price development contracts are generally subject to more uncertainty than fixed-price production contracts. Many of these development programs have highly complex designs. In addition, technical or quality issues that arise during development could lead to schedule delays and higher costs to complete, which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. Examples of significant BDS fixed-price development contracts include Commercial Crew, KC-46A Tanker, T-7A Red Hawk, VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, MQ-25, and commercial and military satellites.\n16\nTable of \nContents\nWe enter into cost-type contracts, which also carry risks.\nOur BDS and BGS defense businesses generated approximately 32% and 31% of their 2021 revenues from cost-type contracting arrangements. Some of these are development programs that have complex design and technical challenges. These cost-type programs typically have award or incentive fees that are subject to uncertainty and may be earned over extended periods. In these cases the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise.\u00a0Programs whose contracts are primarily cost-type\u00a0include Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD), Proprietary and SLS programs.\nWe enter into contracts that include in-orbit incentive payments that subject us to risks.\nContracts in the commercial satellite industry and certain government satellite contracts include in-orbit incentive payments. These in-orbit payments may be paid over time after final satellite acceptance or paid in full prior to final satellite acceptance. In both cases, the in-orbit incentive payment is at risk\u00a0if the satellite does not perform to specifications for up to 15 years after acceptance. The net present value of in-orbit incentive fees\u00a0we ultimately expect to realize\u00a0is recognized as revenue in the construction period. If the satellite fails to meet contractual performance criteria, customers will not be obligated to continue making in-orbit payments and/or we may be required to\u00a0provide refunds to the customer\u00a0and incur significant charges.\nRisks Related to Cybersecurity and Business Disruptions\nUnauthorized access to our, our customers\u2019 and/or our suppliers\u2019 information and systems could negatively impact our business.\nWe face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and systems. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems and management oversight in order to address these threats. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity in our systems, certain types of attacks, including cyber-attacks, could result in\u00a0significant financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. In addition, we manage information and information technology systems for certain customers and/or suppliers. Many of these customers and/or suppliers face similar security threats. If we cannot prevent the unauthorized access, release and/or corruption of our customers\u2019 and/or suppliers\u2019 confidential, classified or personally identifiable information, our reputation could be damaged, and/or we could face financial losses.\nBusiness disruptions could seriously affect our future sales and financial condition or increase our costs and expenses.\nOur business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security, information technology, or cyber-attacks or failures, damaging or extreme weather (including effects of climate change), or other acts of nature and pandemics or other public health crises. Any of these disruptions could affect our internal operations or our suppliers\u2019 operations and delay delivery of products and services to our customers. Any significant production delays, or any destruction, manipulation or improper use of Boeing\u2019s or our suppliers\u2019 data, information systems or networks could impact our sales, increase our expenses and/or have an adverse effect on the reputation of Boeing and of our products and services.\n17\nTable of \nContents\nRisks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters\nThe outcome of litigation and of government inquiries and investigations involving our business is unpredictable and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations.\nWe are involved in a number of litigation matters. These matters may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. No assurances can be given that the results of these matters will be favorable to us. An adverse resolution of any of these lawsuits, or future lawsuits, could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. In addition, we are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the United States and its various states, as well as other jurisdictions in which we operate. As a result, we are sometimes subject to government inquiries and investigations of our business due, among other things, to our business relationships with the U.S. government, the heavily regulated nature of our industry, and in the case of environmental proceedings, our current or past ownership of certain property. Any such inquiry or investigation could potentially result in an adverse ruling against us, which could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.\nOur operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities.\nWe are subject to various U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations related to environmental protection, including the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, as well as third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or regulations. In some cases, we are subject to such costs due to environmental impacts attributable to our current or past manufacturing operations or the operations of companies we have acquired. In other cases, we are subject to such costs due to an indemnification agreement between us and a third party relating to such environmental liabilities. In all cases, our current liabilities and ongoing cost assessments are based on current laws and regulations. New laws and regulations, more stringent enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new remediation requirements could result in additional costs. For additional information relating to environmental contingencies, see Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\nWe may be adversely affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change.\nIncreasing stakeholder environmental, social and governance (ESG) expectations, physical and transition risks associated with climate change, and emerging ESG regulation and policy requirements may pose risk to our market outlook, brand and reputation, financial outlook, cost of capital, global supply chain and production continuity, which may impact our ability to achieve long-term business objectives. Changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations could lead to additional operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon us or our products, require new or additional investment in product designs, result in carbon offset investments or otherwise could negatively impact our business and/or competitive position. Increasing aircraft performance standards and requirements on manufacturing and product air pollutant emissions, especially greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, may result in increased costs or reputational risks and could limit our ability to manufacture and/or market certain of our products at acceptable costs, or at all. Physical impacts of climate change, increasing global chemical restrictions and bans, and water and waste requirements may drive increased costs to us and our suppliers and impact our production continuity and data facilities.\nFinally, from time to time, in alignment with our sustainability priorities, we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments to improve our environmental performance, such as our recent operational goals in areas of GHG emissions, energy, water and waste. If we fail to achieve or \n18\nTable of \nContents\nimproperly report on our progress toward achieving our environmental goals and commitments, the resulting negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation and/or our access to capital.\nRisks Related to Financing and Liquidity\nWe may be unable to obtain debt to fund our operations and contractual commitments at competitive rates, on commercially reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts.\nWe depend, in part, upon the issuance of debt to fund our operations and contractual commitments. In addition, our debt balances have increased significantly since 2019, driven primarily by impacts related to the 737 MAX grounding and the COVID-19 pandemic, and we expect to continue to actively manage our liquidity. Our increased debt balance has also resulted in downgrades to our credit ratings. As of December\u00a031, 2021, our debt totaled $58.1 billion of which approximately $11.4 billion of principal payments on outstanding debt become due over the next three years. In addition, as of December 31, 2021, our airplane financing commitments totaled $12.9 billion. If we require additional funding in order to pay off existing debt, address further impacts to our business related to the 737 MAX, COVID-19, 787 production issues or broader market developments, fund outstanding financing commitments or meet other business requirements, our market liquidity may not be sufficient. These risks will be particularly acute if we are subject to further credit rating downgrades. A number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for debt. These factors include disruptions or declines in the global capital markets and/or a decline in our financial performance, outlook or credit ratings, including impacts described above related to the COVID-19 pandemic and/or associated changes in demand for our products and services. The occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and contractual or financing commitments.\nSubstantial pension and other postretirement benefit obligations have a material impact on our earnings, shareholders\u2019 equity and cash flows from operations, and could have significant adverse impacts in future periods.\nMany of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. Potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and discretionary contributions to improve the plans' funded status. The extent of future contributions depends heavily on market factors such as the discount rate and the actual return on plan assets. We estimate future contributions to these plans using assumptions with respect to these and other items. Changes to those assumptions could have a significant effect on future contributions as well as on our annual pension costs and/or result in a significant change to shareholders' equity. For U.S. government contracts, we allocate pension costs to individual contracts based on U.S. Cost Accounting Standards which can also affect contract profitability. We also provide other postretirement benefits to certain of our employees, consisting principally of health care coverage for eligible retirees and qualifying dependents. Our estimates of future costs associated with these benefits are also subject to assumptions, including estimates of the level of medical cost increases. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements can be affected by pension and other postretirement plan accounting policies, see \u201cManagement's Discussion and Analysis - Critical Accounting Policies & Estimates - Pension Plans\u201d on pages 54 - 55 of this Form 10-K. Although under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (GAAP) the timing of periodic pension and other postretirement benefit expense and plan contributions are not directly related, the key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash or stock we would contribute to our plans.\nOur insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all significant risk exposures.\nWe are exposed to liabilities that are unique to the products and services we provide. We maintain insurance for certain risks and, in some circumstances, we may receive indemnification from the U.S. \n19\nTable of \nContents\ngovernment. The amount of our insurance coverage may not cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs. For example, liabilities arising from the use of certain of our products, such as aircraft technologies, space systems, spacecraft, satellites, missile systems, weapons, cybersecurity, border security systems, anti-terrorism technologies and/or air traffic management systems may not be insurable on commercially reasonable terms. While some of these products are shielded from liability within the U.S. under the SAFETY Act provisions of the 2002 Homeland Security Act, no such protection is available outside the U.S., potentially resulting in significant liabilities. The amount of insurance coverage we maintain may be inadequate to cover these or other claims or liabilities.\nA significant portion of our customer financing portfolio is concentrated among certain customers and in certain types of Boeing aircraft, which exposes us to concentration risks.\nA significant portion of our customer financing portfolio is concentrated among certain customers and in distinct geographic regions. Our portfolio is also concentrated by varying degrees across Boeing aircraft product types, most notably 717 and 747-8 aircraft, and among customers that we believe have less than investment-grade credit. If one or more customers holding a significant portion of our portfolio assets experiences financial difficulties or otherwise defaults on or does not renew its leases with us at their expiration, and we are unable to redeploy the aircraft on reasonable terms, or if the types of aircraft that are concentrated in our portfolio suffer greater than expected declines in value, our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.\nRisks Related to Labor\nSome of our and our suppliers\u2019 workforces are represented by labor unions, which may lead to work stoppages.\nApproximately 47,000 employees, which constitute 33% of our total workforce, were union represented as of December\u00a031, 2021. We experienced a work stoppage in 2008 when a labor strike halted commercial aircraft and certain BDS program production. We may experience additional work stoppages in the future, which could adversely affect our business. We cannot predict how stable our relationships, currently with 11 U.S. labor organizations and 12 non-U.S. labor organizations, will be or whether we will be able to meet the unions\u2019 requirements without impacting our financial condition. The unions may also limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. Union actions at suppliers can also affect us. Work stoppages and instability in our union relationships could delay the production and/or development of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and cause a loss of revenues which would adversely affect our operations.", "item7": ">Item\u00a07. Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\nConsolidated Results of Operations and Financial Condition\nOverview\nWe are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight and launch systems and services. We are one of the two major manufacturers of 100+ seat airplanes for the worldwide commercial airline industry and one of the largest defense contractors in the U.S. While our principal operations are in the U.S., we conduct operations in an expanding number of countries and rely on an extensive network of non-U.S. partners, key suppliers and subcontractors.\nOur strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses \u2013 Commercial Airplanes (BCA), Defense, Space & Security (BDS) and Global Services (BGS) \u2013 supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital (BCC). Taken together, these core businesses have historically generated substantial earnings and cash flow that permit us to invest in new products and services. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. BCA is committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, safety, efficiency and value to customers around the world. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to customers at reduced costs. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. BGS provides support for commercial and defense through innovative, comprehensive and cost-competitive product and service solutions. BCC facilitates, arranges, structures and provides selective financing solutions for our Boeing customers.\nBusiness Environment and Trends\nThe global outbreak of COVID-19, 787 production issues and associated rework, and the residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding continued to have significant adverse impacts on our business in 2021. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented shock to demand for air travel, creating a tremendous challenge for our customers, our business and the entire commercial aerospace manufacturing and services sector.\u00a0The latest International Air Transport Association (IATA) release reported that passenger traffic in 2021 recovered to approximately 40% of 2019 levels, as international markets saw continued reopening challenges. Additionally, global economic activity is improving, but continues to be impacted by COVID-19, and governments continue to restrict travel to contain the spread of the virus. While recovery is accelerating, we continue to expect that it will remain uneven as travel restrictions and varying regional travel protocols continue to impact air travel.\nGenerally, we continue to expect domestic travel to recover faster than international travel. As a result, we expect the narrow-body market to recover faster than the wide-body market. Also, the pace of the commercial market recovery will be heavily dependent on COVID-19 infection rates, vaccination rates, and government travel and other restrictions on trade and commercial activity. Demand for dedicated freighters continues to be strong, underpinned by a strong recovery in global trade and overall air cargo growth. Overall cargo capacity remains challenged given the large impact that COVID-19 has had on international passenger operations, which also carry cargo.\n23\nTable of \nContents\nAirline financial performance, which also plays a role in the demand for new capacity, has been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to IATA, net losses for the airline industry were $138 billion in 2020 and are expected to be approximately $52 billion in 2021. Our customers are taking actions to combat the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the market by preserving liquidity. This comes in many forms, such as deferrals of advances and other payments to suppliers, deferrals of deliveries, reduced spending on services and, in some cases, cancellation of orders. While the outlook is improving and we have seen an increase in new orders in 2021, we continue to face a challenging environment in the near- to medium-term as airlines have adjusted to reduced traffic, which in turn has resulted in lower demand for commercial aerospace products and services. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines.\nWe continue to expect commercial air travel to return to 2019 levels in 2023 to 2024. We expect it will take a few years beyond that for the industry to return to long-term trend growth. To balance the supply and demand given the COVID-19 shock and to preserve our long-term potential and competitiveness, we have reduced the production rates of several of our BCA programs. These rate decisions are based on our ongoing assessments of the demand environment and availability of aircraft financing. There is significant uncertainty with respect to when commercial air traffic levels will recover, and whether, and at what point, capacity will return to and/or exceed pre-COVID-19 levels. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we made adjustments to our estimates regarding timing of 777X entry into service and market demand. We continue to anticipate that the first 777X delivery will occur in late 2023. We will closely monitor the key factors that affect backlog and future demand for each of our commercial aircraft programs, including customers\u2019 evolving fleet plans, the wide-body replacement cycle and the cargo market. We will maintain a disciplined rate management process and make adjustments as appropriate in the future. Notwithstanding the changes we have made to production rates, risk remains that further reductions will be required. Additionally, if we are unable to make timely deliveries of the large number of aircraft in inventory as of December\u00a031, 2021, future revenues, earnings and cash flows will be adversely impacted.\nDeliveries of the 737 MAX resumed in the fourth quarter of 2020, when the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) rescinded the order that grounded 737 MAX aircraft in the U.S. In addition, other non-U.S. civil aviation authorities, including the Brazilian National Civil Aviation Agency, Transport Canada and the European Union Aviation Safety Agency have subsequently approved return of operations, allowing us to resume deliveries in those jurisdictions. Over 185 countries have approved the resumption of 737 MAX operations. The Civil Aviation Administration of China issued an airworthiness directive in the fourth quarter of 2021 outlining actions required for airlines to return to service. We expect 737 MAX deliveries to China to resume in 2022, subject to final regulatory approvals, although risk remains around the timing and rate of those deliveries. Orders to suspend operations of 737 MAX aircraft from non-U.S. civil aviation authorities are still in effect in a small number of countries.\nDeliveries and production have also been impacted by production issues and associated rework. For example, deliveries of the 787 are currently paused and the production rate has been reduced while we focus on rework of undelivered aircraft and continue to engage in detailed discussions with the FAA regarding required actions for resuming deliveries. Risk remains that these issues may continue to impact the timing of airplane deliveries in inventory and/or our ability to achieve planned production rates. Revenues, earnings and cash flows will continue to be impacted until we are able to resume timely deliveries.\n24\nTable of \nContents\nThe long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. The shock from COVID-19 has reduced the near- to medium-term demand, but our Commercial Market Outlook forecast projects a 4% growth rate for passenger and cargo traffic over a 20 year period. Based on long-term global economic growth projections of 2.7% average annual gross domestic product (GDP) growth, we project demand for approximately 43,610 new airplanes over the next 20 years. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics and increased global environmental regulations.\nA Continuing Resolution (CR), enacted on December 3, 2021, continues funding for the federal government at FY21 appropriated levels through February 18, 2022. Congress and the President must enact either full-year FY22 appropriations bills or an additional CR to fund government departments and agencies beyond February 18, 2022 or a government shutdown could result, which may impact the Company\u2019s operations.\nAt BGS, while the outlook is improving, we are continuing to see a direct impact on our commercial supply chain business as fewer flights and more aircraft parked result in a decreased demand for our parts and logistics offerings.\u00a0Additionally, our commercial customers are curtailing discretionary spending, such as modifications and upgrades, and focusing on required maintenance.\u00a0Similar to BCA, we expect a multi-year recovery period for the commercial services business. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable; government services comprises approximately half of BGS revenue, which is unchanged from pre-pandemic levels.\nAt BDS, we continue to see a healthy market with solid demand for our major platforms and programs both domestically and internationally. However, while we continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies due to COVID-19 impacts, we saw improvements in 2021.\nIn addition, we are experiencing some supply chain shortages. Our suppliers are also experiencing liquidity pressures and disruptions to their operations as a result of COVID-19. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. These measures and disruptions have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.\nWe continue to transform and improve our business processes. These activities are not intended to constrain our capacity but to enable the Company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness.\n25\nTable of \nContents\nConsolidated Results of Operations\n \nThe following table summarizes key indicators of consolidated results of operations:\n(Dollars in millions, except per share data)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nRevenues\n$62,286\n\u00a0\n$58,158\u00a0\n$76,559\u00a0\nGAAP\nLoss from operations\n($2,902)\n($12,767)\n($1,975)\nOperating margins\n(4.7)\n%\n(22.0)\n%\n(2.6)\n%\nEffective income tax rate\n14.8\n\u00a0\n%\n17.5\u00a0\n%\n71.8\u00a0\n%\nNet loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders\n($4,202)\n($11,873)\n($636)\nDiluted loss per share\n($7.15)\n($20.88)\n($1.12)\nNon-GAAP \n(1)\nCore operating loss\n($4,075)\n($14,150)\n($3,390)\nCore operating margins\n(6.5\n\u00a0\n%)\n(24.3\u00a0\n%)\n(4.4\u00a0\n%)\nCore loss per share\n($9.44)\n($23.25)\n($3.47)\n(1)\nThese measures exclude certain components of pension and other postretirement benefit expense. See pages 49 - 51 for important information about these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures.\nRevenues\n \nThe following table summarizes Revenues:\n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nCommercial Airplanes\n$19,493\n\u00a0\n$16,162\u00a0\n$32,255\u00a0\nDefense, Space\u00a0& Security\n26,540\n\u00a0\n26,257\u00a0\n26,095\u00a0\nGlobal Services\n16,328\n\u00a0\n15,543\u00a0\n18,468\u00a0\nBoeing Capital\n272\n\u00a0\n261\u00a0\n244\u00a0\nUnallocated items, eliminations and other\n(347)\n(65)\n(503)\nTotal\n$62,286\n\u00a0\n$58,158\u00a0\n$76,559\u00a0\nRevenues increased by $4,128 million in 2021 compared with 2020 driven by higher revenues at BCA, BDS and BGS. BCA revenues increased by $3,331 million primarily driven by higher 737 MAX deliveries due to recertification and return to service in most jurisdictions and the absence of $498 million of 737 MAX customer considerations which reduced revenues in 2020, partially offset by lower 787 deliveries in 2021. BDS revenues increased by $283 million primarily from higher revenue on the KC-46A Tanker program and lower charges in 2021. BGS revenues increased by $785 million primarily due to higher commercial and government services volume.\nRevenues decreased by $18,401 million in 2020 compared with 2019 primarily due to lower revenues in our commercial airplanes and commercial services businesses. Revenues for each of our segments have been adversely impacted by COVID-19. BCA revenues decreased by $16,093 million due to lower deliveries driven by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, 787 production issues and the 737 MAX grounding, offset by lower charges related to estimated potential concessions and other considerations to 737 MAX customers. BDS revenues increased by $162 million primarily due to higher fighter aircraft \n26\nTable of \nContents\nand other volume, partially offset by the impact of higher unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments, largely due to KC-46A Tanker charges in 2020. BGS revenues decreased by $2,925 million primarily due to lower commercial services revenue driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. The changes in Unallocated items, eliminations and other primarily reflect the timing of eliminations for intercompany aircraft deliveries, as well as reserves related to cost accounting litigation recorded in 2019.\nRevenues will continue to be significantly impacted until deliveries ramp up and the commercial airline industry recovers from the impacts of COVID-19.\nLoss From Operations\n \nThe following table summarizes Loss from operations:\n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nCommercial Airplanes\n($6,475)\n($13,847)\n($6,657)\nDefense, Space\u00a0& Security\n1,544\n\u00a0\n1,539\u00a0\n2,615\u00a0\nGlobal Services\n2,017\n\u00a0\n450\u00a0\n2,697\u00a0\nBoeing Capital\n106\n\u00a0\n63\u00a0\n28\u00a0\nSegment operating loss\n(2,808)\n(11,795)\n(1,317)\nPension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment\n882\n\u00a0\n1,024\u00a0\n1,071\u00a0\nPostretirement FAS/CAS service cost adjustment\n291\n\u00a0\n359\u00a0\n344\u00a0\nUnallocated items, eliminations and other\n(1,267)\n(2,355)\n(2,073)\nLoss from operations (GAAP)\n($2,902)\n($12,767)\n($1,975)\nFAS/CAS service cost adjustment * \n(1,173)\n(1,383)\n(1,415)\nCore operating loss (Non-GAAP) **\n($4,075)\n($14,150)\n($3,390)\n*\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0The FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the FAS pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments.\n**\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Core operating earnings is a Non-GAAP measure that excludes the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment. See pages 49 - 51.\nLoss from operations decreased by $9,865 million in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to lower losses at BCA and higher earnings at BGS. BCA loss from operations decreased by $7,372 million primarily due to the absence of a $6,493 million reach-forward loss on the 777X program recorded in 2020, lower period expenses, lower 737 MAX customer considerations and higher 737 MAX deliveries, partially offset by a $3,460 million reach-forward loss on the 787 program in 2021. BGS earnings from operations increased by $1,567 million in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to charges incurred in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as higher commercial services volume.\nLoss from operations increased by $10,792 million in 2020 compared with 2019 primarily due to increased losses at BCA and decreased earnings at BGS and BDS. BCA loss from operations increased by $7,190 million. The loss in 2020 primarily reflects a reach-forward loss recorded in the fourth quarter of $6,493 million on the 777X program. BCA\u2019s loss in 2020 also reflects the absence of MAX deliveries during the first three quarters of the year, lower wide-body deliveries and lower program margins resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and 787 production issues, abnormal production costs, 737NG frame fitting component repair costs, severance costs and 737 MAX customer considerations.\nThe loss in 2019 primarily reflects the absence of 737 MAX deliveries in the second, third and fourth quarters and charges of $8,259 million for estimated 737 MAX customer considerations. BDS earnings \n27\nTable of \nContents\ndecreased by $1,076 million in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to higher unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments, including charges of $1,320 million on KC-46A Tanker and $168 million on VC-25B in 2020, partially offset by $489 million of charges on Commercial Crew in 2019. The lower earnings were also driven by lower gains on property sales compared to 2019. BGS earnings from operations decreased by $2,247 million in 2020 compared with 2019 primarily due to lower commercial services revenue, as well as asset impairments and severance costs resulting from the COVID-19 market environment.\nLower commercial airplane deliveries and the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to have a significant adverse impact on future earnings and margins until deliveries ramp up and return to historical levels.\nCore operating loss decreased by $10,075 million in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to lower losses at BCA and higher earnings at BGS, as described above.\nCore operating loss increased by $10,760 million in 2020 compared with 2019 primarily due to higher losses at BCA and lower earnings at BGS and BDS.\nUnallocated Items, Eliminations and Other \nThe most significant items included in Unallocated items, eliminations and other are shown in the following table:\n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nShare-based plans\n($174)\n($120)\n($65)\nDeferred compensation\n(126)\n(93)\n(174)\nAmortization of previously capitalized interest\n(107)\n(95)\n(89)\nResearch and development expense, net\n(184)\n(240)\n(401)\nCustomer financing impairment\n(250)\nLitigation\n(109)\nEliminations and other unallocated items\n(676)\n(1,807)\n(985)\nUnallocated items, eliminations and other\n($1,267)\n($2,355)\n($2,073)\nShare-based plans expense increased by $54 million in 2021 and $55 million in 2020. The higher expense in 2021 was primarily related to a one-time grant of restricted stock units (RSUs) to most employees in December 2020. The increase in 2020 was due to increased grants of RSUs and other share-based compensation.\nDeferred compensation expense increased by $33 million in 2021, primarily driven by changes in our stock price, and decreased by $81 million in 2020, primarily driven by changes in broad stock market conditions and our stock price.\nResearch and development expense decreased by $56 million in 2021 and $161 million in 2020 primarily due to decreases in enterprise investments in product development.\nIn 2019, we recorded a $250 million charge related to the impairment of lease incentives with one customer that experienced liquidity issues and a $109 million charge related to ongoing litigation associated with recoverable costs on U.S. government contracts.\nEliminations and other unallocated expense decreased by $1,131 million in 2021 and increased by $822 million in 2020 primarily due to earnings charges of $744 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 in anticipation of the agreement between Boeing and the U.S. Department of Justice that was finalized in January 2021 and higher income from operating investments in 2021. See Note 21.\n28\nTable of \nContents\nNet periodic pension benefit costs included in Loss from operations were as follows:\n(Dollars in millions)\nPension\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nAllocated to business segments\n($885)\n($1,027)\n($1,384)\nPension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment\n882\n\u00a0\n1,024\u00a0\n1,071\u00a0\nNet periodic pension benefit cost included in Loss from operations\n($3)\n($3)\n($313)\nThe pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment recognized in Loss from operations in 2021 decreased by $142 million compared with 2020 due to reductions in allocated pension cost year over year. The pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment recognized in Loss from operations in 2020 was largely consistent with 2019. Net periodic benefit cost included in Loss from operations in 2021 was largely consistent with 2020. The decrease in net periodic benefit cost included in Loss from operations in 2020 was primarily due to prior year service cost that was included in earnings in 2019.\nFor additional discussion related to Postretirement Plans, see Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\nOther Earnings Items\n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nLoss from operations\n($2,902)\n($12,767)\n($1,975)\nOther income, net\n551\n\u00a0\n447\u00a0\n438\u00a0\nInterest and debt expense\n(2,682)\n(2,156)\n(722)\nLoss before income taxes\n(5,033)\n(14,476)\n(2,259)\nIncome tax benefit\n743\n\u00a0\n2,535\u00a0\n1,623\u00a0\nNet loss from continuing operations\n(4,290)\n(11,941)\n(636)\nLess: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest\n(88)\n(68)\nNet loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders\n($4,202)\n($11,873)\n($636)\nNon-operating pension income included in Other income, net was $528 million in 2021, $340 million in 2020 and $374 million in 2019. The increased income in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to lower interest cost and higher expected return on plan assets, partially offset by higher amortization of net actuarial losses and higher settlement charges. The decreased income in 2020 compared to 2019 was due to higher amortization of actuarial losses and lower asset returns, partially offset by lower interest cost.\nNon-operating postretirement income included in Other income, net was $1 million in 2021, compared with expense of $16 million in 2020 and $107 million in 2019. The increased income in 2021 compared to 2020 was due to lower interest cost. The decreased expense in 2020 compared to 2019 was due to lower interest cost.\nInterest and debt expense increased by $526 million in 2021 and increased by $1,434 million in 2020 as a result of higher average debt balances.\nFor additional discussion related to Income Taxes, see Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\n29\nTable of \nContents\nTotal Costs and Expenses (\u201cCost of Sales\u201d)\nCost of sales, for both products and services, consists primarily of raw materials, parts, sub-assemblies, labor, overhead and subcontracting costs. Our BCA segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales. Under program accounting, cost of sales for each commercial airplane program equals the product of (i) revenue recognized in connection with customer deliveries and (ii) the estimated cost of sales percentage applicable to the total remaining program. For long-term contracts, the amount reported as cost of sales is recognized as incurred. Substantially all contracts at our BDS segment and certain contracts at our BGS segment are long-term contracts with the U.S. government and other customers that generally extend over several years. Cost of sales for commercial spare parts is recorded at average cost.\nThe following table summarizes cost of sales:\n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December 31\n2021\n2020\nChange\n2020\n2019\nChange\nCost of sales\n$59,269\n\u00a0\n$63,843\u00a0\n($4,574)\n$63,843\u00a0\n$72,093\u00a0\n($8,250)\nCost of sales as a % of Revenues\n95.2\n\u00a0\n%\n109.8\u00a0\n%\n(14.6)\n%\n109.8\u00a0\n%\n94.2\u00a0\n%\n15.6\u00a0\n%\nCost of sales decreased by $4,574 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to higher earnings charges at BCA, BDS and BGS in 2020, partially offset by higher costs as a result of higher revenues in 2021 and the reach-forward loss on the 787 program. Cost of sales as a percentage of Revenues decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to higher earnings charges at BCA and BGS in 2020 and higher revenues in 2021.\nCost of sales decreased by $8,250 million in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower revenue in 2020, partially offset by higher charges in 2020 related to the 777X program, COVID-19 impacts, KC-46A Tanker program, abnormal production costs at BCA and severance costs. Cost of sales as a percentage of Revenues increased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to the reach-forward loss on the 777X program, impacts of the 737 MAX grounding and the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as severance costs.\nResearch and Development \nThe following table summarizes our Research and development expense:\n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nCommercial Airplanes\n$1,140\n\u00a0\n$1,385\u00a0\n$1,956\u00a0\nDefense, Space\u00a0& Security\n818\n\u00a0\n713\u00a0\n741\u00a0\nGlobal Services\n107\n\u00a0\n138\u00a0\n121\u00a0\nOther\n184\n\u00a0\n240\u00a0\n401\u00a0\nTotal\n$2,249\n\u00a0\n$2,476\u00a0\n$3,219\u00a0\nResearch and development expense decreased by $227 million in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to lower BCA and enterprise investments in product development and lower spending on the 777X program.\nResearch and development expense decreased by $743 million in 2020 compared with 2019 primarily due to lower spending at BCA and at Boeing NeXt on product development.\n30\nTable of \nContents\nBacklog\nOur backlog at December\u00a031 was as follows:\n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\nCommercial Airplanes\n$296,882\n\u00a0\n$281,588\u00a0\nDefense, Space\u00a0& Security\n59,828\n\u00a0\n60,847\u00a0\nGlobal Services\n20,496\n\u00a0\n20,632\u00a0\nUnallocated items, eliminations and other\n293\n\u00a0\n337\u00a0\nTotal Backlog\n$377,499\n\u00a0\n$363,404\u00a0\nContractual backlog\n$356,362\n\u00a0\n$339,309\u00a0\nUnobligated backlog\n21,137\n\u00a0\n24,095\u00a0\nTotal Backlog\n$377,499\n\u00a0\n$363,404\u00a0\nContractual backlog of unfilled orders excludes purchase options, announced orders for which definitive contracts have not been executed, orders where customers have the unilateral right to terminate, and unobligated U.S. and non-U.S. government contract funding. The increase in contractual backlog during 2021 was primarily due to new orders, reclassifications from unobligated backlog related to BDS and BGS contracts, increases in price escalation and reductions in the number of existing orders that in our assessment do not meet the accounting requirements of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606 for inclusion in backlog, partially offset by deliveries and cancellations. During 2021, we have had higher ASC 606 adjustments of 787 orders as a result of delivery delays related to inspections and rework. If 787 aircraft deliveries continue to be paused, we remain unable to deliver 737 MAX aircraft in China for an extended period of time, and/or entry into service of the 777X, 737 MAX 7 and/or 737 MAX 10 is further delayed, we may experience additional reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations. Additionally, we may continue to experience fewer new orders and increased cancellations across all of our commercial airplane programs as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated impacts on demand.\nUnobligated backlog includes U.S. and non-U.S. government definitive contracts for which funding has not been authorized. The decrease in unobligated backlog in 2021 was primarily due to reclassifications to contractual backlog related to BDS and BGS contracts, partially offset by contract awards.\nAdditional Considerations\nGlobal Trade \nWe continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs, trade agreements or sanctions that may impact the company.\nThe global economy continues to experience significant adverse impacts due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including a decline in overall trade in general and in aerospace in particular. There is a great deal of uncertainty regarding the duration, scale and localization of these impacts to the global economy and governments are enacting a wide range of responses to mitigate the unfolding economic impacts. We are closely monitoring the current impact and potential future economic consequences of COVID-19 to the global economy, the aerospace sector and our Company. These adverse economic impacts have resulted in fewer orders than previously anticipated for our commercial aircraft.\n31\nTable of \nContents\nThe current state of U.S.-China relations remains a significant watch item. China is a very significant market for commercial airplanes and represents a significant component of our commercial airplanes backlog.\n \nSince 2018, the U.S. and China imposed an escalating series of tariffs on each other\u2019s imports. Certain aircraft parts and components that Boeing procures are subject to these tariffs. The U.S. and China entered into a Phase I agreement in January 2020. However, as of December 31, 2021, implementation of this agreement is incomplete and overall diplomatic relations between the U.S. and China have deteriorated. We continue monitoring developments for potential adverse impacts to the Company.\nBeginning in June 2018, the U.S. Government has imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. In response to these tariffs, several major U.S. trading partners have imposed, or announced their intention to impose, tariffs on U.S. goods. In May 2019, the U.S. Government, Mexico and Canada reached an agreement to end the steel and aluminum tariffs between these countries. Implementation of the U.S./Mexico/Canada Free Trade Agreement (USMCA) will also result in lower tariffs.\u00a0In October 2021, the U.S. and European Union (EU) announced an agreement to ease steel and aluminum tariffs. We continue to monitor the potential for any extra costs that may result from the remaining global tariffs.\nThe current status of U.S.-Russia relations is creating an adverse climate for our business. The U.S. Government continues to impose and/or consider imposing sanctions on certain businesses and individuals in Russia. We continue to monitor and evaluate additional sanctions and export restrictions that may be imposed by the U.S. Government and any responses from Russia that could directly affect our supply chain, business partners or customers. We also continue to support the 737 MAX return to service in Russia.\nThe U.S. and EU have been engaged in two long-running disputes at the World Trade Organization (WTO) relating to large civil aircraft. As part of those disputes, in October 2019, the WTO authorized the U.S. to impose approximately $7.50 billion in annual tariffs on EU products in connection with the EU\u2019s provision of eight instances of launch aid subsidies to Airbus. Following this authorization, the U.S. began to impose 15% tariffs on new Airbus airplanes imported into the U.S. as well as fuselages that Airbus manufactures in Europe and imports into the U.S. In October 2020, the WTO authorized the EU to impose approximately $3.99 billion in annual tariffs on U.S. products in connection with a tax incentive used by Boeing in Washington state that has since been repealed. Shortly thereafter, the EU began to impose 15% tariffs on Boeing airplanes imported into the EU. On June 15, 2021, the U.S. and EU announced that they had reached a cooperative framework to address the large civil aircraft disputes. As part of the framework, among other items, both sides announced an intent to continue to suspend tariffs related to the disputes for five years. The U.S. and U.K. announced a similar agreement on June 17, 2021.\nSegment Results of Operations and Financial Condition\nCommercial Airplanes\nBusiness Environment and Trends\nAirline Industry Environment \nSee Overview to Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the impacts of COVID-19 on the airline industry environment.\nIndustry Competitiveness\n The industry continues to adjust to the unprecedented COVID-19 shock and subsequent economic impact, government restrictions and new regulations. The commercial airplane market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive. While the impacts and responses have varied globally, the reduction of demand and disruption in production has adversely impacted most manufacturers in the commercial airplane industry.\n32\nTable of \nContents\nContinued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. Approximately 80% of Commercial Airplanes\u2019 total backlog, in dollar terms, is with non-U.S. airlines. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. They offer competitive products and have access to most of the same customers and suppliers. The grounding of the 737 MAX and the associated suspension of 737 MAX deliveries in multiple jurisdictions significantly reduced our market share with respect to deliveries of single aisle aircraft in 2019, 2020 and 2021 and may provide competitors with an opportunity to obtain more orders and increase market share. With government support, Airbus has historically invested heavily to create a family of products to compete with ours. After the acquisition of a majority share of Bombardier\u2019s C Series (now A220) in 2018, Airbus continues to expand in the 100-150 seat transcontinental market. Other competitors are also in different phases of developing commercial jet aircraft. Some of these competitors have historically enjoyed access to government-provided financial support, including \u201claunch aid,\u201d which greatly reduces the cost and commercial risks associated with\u00a0airplane development activities. This has enabled\u00a0the development of airplanes without broad commercial viability; others to be brought to market more quickly than otherwise possible; and many offered for sale below market-based prices. Competitors continue to make improvements in efficiency, which may result in funding product development, gaining market share and improving earnings. This market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years.\nWe are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. We are also focused on taking actions to ensure that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors.\nResults of Operations \n \n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nRevenues\n$19,493\n\u00a0\n$16,162\u00a0\n$32,255\u00a0\n% of total company revenues\n31\n\u00a0\n%\n28\u00a0\n%\n42\u00a0\n%\nLoss from operations\n($6,475)\n($13,847)\n($6,657)\nOperating margins\n(33.2)\n%\n(85.7)\n%\n(20.6)\n%\nResearch and development\n$1,140\n\u00a0\n$1,385\u00a0\n$1,956\u00a0\nRevenues \n \nBCA revenues increased by $3,331 million in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to higher 737 MAX deliveries driven by recertification and return to service in most jurisdictions and the absence of charges for 737 MAX customer considerations which reduced revenues in 2020, partially offset by lower 787 deliveries in 2021.\nBCA revenues decreased by $16,093 million in 2020 compared with 2019 due to lower deliveries primarily driven by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, 787 production issues and the 737 MAX grounding.\u00a0This was partially offset by lower charges related to estimated potential concessions and other considerations to 737 MAX customers of $498 million in 2020 compared with $8,259 million in 2019.\nWe resumed deliveries of 737 MAX aircraft in December 2020 following rescission by the FAA of its grounding order. As of December 31, 2021, most non-U.S. jurisdictions have approved return to service of the 737 MAX. 787 deliveries have been paused since May 2021. Revenues will continue to be impacted until deliveries of the 737 MAX ramp up, deliveries of the 787 resume and the commercial airline industry recovers from the impacts of COVID-19.\n33\nTable of \nContents\nCommercial Airplanes deliveries as of December\u00a031 were as follows:\n737\n\u00a0\n*\n747\n\u00a0\n767\n\u00a0\n*\n777\n\u00a0\n\u2020\n787\n\u00a0\nTotal\n2021\nCumulative deliveries\n7,745\n1,567\n1,238\n1,677\n1,006\nDeliveries\n263\n(16)\n7\n32\n(13)\n24\n14\n340\n2020\nCumulative deliveries\n7,482\n1,560\n1,206\n1,653\n992\nDeliveries\n43\n(14)\n5\n30\n(11)\n26\n53\n157\n2019\nCumulative deliveries\n7,439\n1,555\n1,176\n1,627\n939\nDeliveries\n127\n(19)\n7\n43\n(23)\n45\n(2)\n158\n380\n*\n Intercompany deliveries identified by parentheses\n\u2020 Aircraft accounted for as revenues by BCA and as operating leases in consolidation identified by parentheses\nLoss From Operations \n \nBCA loss from operations was $6,475 million in 2021 compared with $13,847 million in 2020. The 2021 loss includes a reach-forward loss on the 787 program of $3,460 million, abnormal production costs related to 737 MAX of $1,887 million, and abnormal production costs related to the 787 program of $468 million resulting from continued production issues, inspections and rework, partially offset by higher 737 MAX deliveries. The 2020 loss reflects the reach-forward loss on 777X of $6,493 million and additional drivers as noted in the paragraph below.\nBCA loss from operations was $13,847 million in 2020 compared with $6,657 million in 2019. The 2020 loss reflects the reach-forward loss on 777X of $6,493 million, lower deliveries and lower program margins resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, $2,567 million of abnormal production costs related to 737 MAX, $623 million of severance cost, $498 million of 737 MAX customer considerations, $336 million related to 737NG frame fitting component repair costs and $270 million of abnormal production costs in the first half of 2020 from the temporary suspension of operations in response to COVID-19, partially offset by lower research and development spending. Lower 787 margins reflecting a reduction in the accounting quantity in the first quarter of 2020 also contributed to lower earnings. The 2019 loss primarily reflects the absence of 737 MAX deliveries in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2019 and charges of $8,259 million for estimated 737 MAX customer considerations.\nLower commercial airplane deliveries and the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to have a significant adverse impact on future earnings and margins until deliveries ramp up and return to historical levels.\nBacklog\nOur total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers where we believe it is probable that we will collect the consideration due and where no contingencies remain before we and the customer are required to perform. Backlog does not include prospective orders where customer controlled contingencies remain, such as the customer receiving approval from its board of directors, shareholders or government or completing financing arrangements. All such contingencies must be satisfied or have expired prior to recording a new firm order even if satisfying such conditions is highly certain. Backlog excludes options and BCC orders as well as orders where customers have the unilateral right to terminate. A number of our customers may have contractual remedies, including rights to reject individual airplane deliveries if the actual delivery date is significantly later than the contractual delivery date. We address customer \n34\nTable of \nContents\nclaims and requests for other contractual relief as they arise. The value of orders in backlog is adjusted as changes to price and schedule are agreed to with customers and is reported in accordance with the requirements of ASC 606.\nBCA total backlog of $296,882 million at December\u00a031, 2021 increased from $281,588 million at December\u00a031, 2020, reflecting new orders in excess of deliveries, increases in projected price escalation and decreases in the number of existing orders that in our assessment do not meet the accounting requirements of ASC 606 for inclusion in backlog, partially offset by aircraft order cancellations. Aircraft order cancellations during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 totaled $27,542 million and primarily relate to 737 MAX and 787 aircraft. The net ASC 606 adjustments decreased for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, which resulted in an increase to backlog of $3,810 million primarily due to 777X aircraft, partially offset by 787 aircraft. ASC 606 adjustments include consideration of aircraft orders where a customer controlled contingency may exist, as well as an assessment of whether the customer is committed to perform or whether it is probable that the customer will pay the full amount of consideration when it is due. If 787 aircraft deliveries continue to be paused, we are unable to ramp up deliveries of 737 MAX aircraft, and/or if entry into service of the 777X, 737 MAX 7 and/or 737 MAX 10 is further delayed, we may experience additional reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations. Additionally, we may continue to experience fewer new orders and increased cancellations across all of our commercial airplane programs as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated impacts on demand.\nAccounting Quantity\n The accounting quantity is our estimate of the quantity of airplanes that will be produced for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts. The determination of the accounting quantity is limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates of the revenue and cost of existing and anticipated contracts. It is a key determinant of the gross margins we recognize on sales of individual airplanes throughout a program\u2019s life. Estimation of each program\u2019s accounting quantity takes into account several factors that are indicative of the demand for that program, including firm orders, letters of intent from prospective customers and market studies. We review our program accounting quantities quarterly.\nThe accounting quantity for each program may include units that have been delivered, undelivered units under contract and units anticipated to be under contract in the reasonable future (anticipated orders). In developing total program estimates, all of these items within the accounting quantity must be considered.\n35\nTable of \nContents\nThe following table provides details of the accounting quantities and firm orders by program as of December\u00a031. Cumulative firm orders represent the cumulative number of commercial jet aircraft deliveries plus undelivered firm orders. Firm orders include military derivative aircraft that are not included in program accounting quantities. All revenues and costs associated with military derivative aircraft production are reported in the BDS segment.\nProgram\n737\n\u00a0\n747\n\u00a0\n767\n\u00a0\n777\n\u00a0\n777X\n787\n\u00a0\n\u2020\n2021\nProgram accounting quantities\n10,400\n1,574\n1,243\n1,750\n350\n\u00a0\n1,500\nUndelivered units under firm orders\n3,414\n6\n108\n58\n253\n411\n(14)\nCumulative firm orders\n11,159\n1,573\n1,346\n1,735\n253\n1,417\n2020\nProgram accounting quantities\n10,000\n1,574\n1,207\n1,700\n350\n1,500\nUndelivered units under firm orders\n3,282\n8\n75\n41\n191\n458\n(22)\nCumulative firm orders\n10,764\n1,568\n1,281\n1,694\n191\n1,450\n2019\nProgram accounting quantities\n10,400\n1,574\n1,195\n1,690\n**\n1,600\nUndelivered units under firm orders\n4,398\n17\n94\n68\n309\n520\n(29)\nCumulative firm orders\n11,837\n1,572\n1,270\n1,695\n309\n1,459\n\u2020\n Aircraft ordered by BCC are identified in parentheses.\n** See 777 and 777X Programs for discussion of the 777X accounting quantity.\nProgram Highlights\n737 Program\n The accounting quantity for the 737 program increased by 400 units during 2021 due to the program's normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. See further discussion of the 737 MAX in Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements\n.\n747 Program\n We are currently producing at a rate of 0.5 aircraft per month. We expect to complete production of the 747 in the second half of 2022. We believe that ending production of the 747 will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.\n767 Program\n The accounting quantity for the 767 program increased by 36 units during 2021 due to the program's normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. The 767 assembly line includes the commercial program and a derivative to support the tanker program. The commercial program has near break-even gross margins. We are currently producing at a rate of 3 aircraft per month.\n777 and 777X Programs\n The accounting quantity for the 777 program increased by 50 units during 2021 due to the program\u2019s normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. The production rate for the combined 777/777X program is expected to increase from 2 per month to 3 per month in 2022.\nIn 2013, we launched the 777X-8 and 777X-9, which feature new composite wings, new engines and folding wing-tips. The first flight of the 777X was completed during the first quarter of 2020. In 2021, we began offering the 777X freighter to customers and expect to receive initial orders in 2022.\nDuring the fourth quarter of 2020, we revised the estimated first delivery date of the 777X to late 2023 and recorded a $6.5 billion reach-forward loss on the 777X program. The revised schedule and reach-\n36\nTable of \nContents\nforward loss reflected a number of factors, including an updated assessment of global certification requirements informed by continued discussions with regulators and a management decision in the fourth quarter of 2020 to make modifications to the aircraft\u2019s design, an updated assessment of COVID-19 impacts on market demand and discussions with our customers with respect to aircraft delivery timing. These factors resulted in adjustments to production rates and the program accounting quantity, increased change incorporation costs, and associated customer and supply chain impacts. The initial accounting quantity of 350 airplanes established in the fourth quarter of 2020 consists of 777X passenger airplanes and remained unchanged during 2021.\nWe are working towards reaching Type Inspection Authorization (TIA) which will enable us to begin FAA certification flight testing. The timing of TIA and certification will ultimately be determined by the regulators, and further determinations with respect to anticipated certification requirements could result in additional delays in entry into service and/or additional cost increases.\nWe continue to anticipate that the first 777X delivery will occur in late 2023. The 777X program has near break-even gross margins at December 31, 2021. The level of profitability on the 777X program will be subject to a number of factors. These factors include continued market uncertainty, the impacts of COVID-19 on our production system as well as impacts on our supply chain and customers, customer negotiations, further production rate adjustments for the 777X or other commercial aircraft programs, contraction of the accounting quantity and potential risks associated with the testing program and the timing of aircraft certification. One or more of these factors could result in additional reach-forward losses on the 777X program in future periods.\n787 Program\n During 2020, we experienced significant reductions in deliveries due to the impacts of COVID-19 on our customers as well as production issues and associated rework. During 2021 we delivered 14 aircraft between March 2021 and May 2021 prior to deliveries being paused in May 2021. Deliveries remain paused.\nAt December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020 we had approximately 110 and 80 aircraft in inventory. We have identified production quality issues, including in our supply chain, which have contributed to the pause in deliveries.\n \nIn July 2021, we announced that we were reprioritizing production resources to support inspections and rework. We continue to conduct inspections and rework on undelivered aircraft and engage in detailed discussions with the FAA regarding required actions for resuming delivery of the 787. We are currently producing at very low rates and expect that to continue until deliveries resume, gradually returning to 5 per month over time. In the third quarter of 2021, we determined that in the current environment production rates below 5 per month represent abnormally low production rates and result in abnormal production costs, and that inspections and rework costs on inventoried aircraft are excessive and should also be accounted for as abnormal production costs that are required to be expensed as incurred. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we determined that the ongoing rework, as well as our ongoing discussions with the FAA in anticipation of resumption of deliveries, will result in lower production rates longer than previously expected. As a result of these impacts, we expect to incur approximately $2 billion of abnormal production costs on a cumulative basis with most being incurred by the end of 2023. We continue to work with customers and suppliers regarding timing of future deliveries and production rate changes. We are also continuing to implement changes in the production process designed to ensure that newly-built airplanes meet our specifications and do not require further inspections and rework. During the first quarter of 2021, we consolidated 787 production in South Carolina, in line with our previous assumptions, which did not have a significant financial impact on the program.\nDuring the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded a loss of $3.5 billion on the program primarily due to the additional rework, as well as other actions required to resume 787 deliveries, taking longer than \n37\nTable of \nContents\nexpected. These impacts have resulted in longer than expected delivery delays and associated customer considerations.\nThe timing of the resumption of deliveries and future production rates will depend upon rework, ongoing customer and supplier engagement, production stability and our activities with the FAA. China is a significant market for the 787 program, and if the program is unable to obtain additional orders from China in future quarters, we may be required to further adjust production rate assumptions. If we are required to further reduce the accounting quantity and/or production rates, experience further delivery delays or experience other factors that result in lower margins, the program could record additional losses and higher abnormal production costs in future periods.\nFleet Support\n We provide the operators of our commercial airplanes with assistance and services to facilitate efficient and safe airplane operation. Collectively known as fleet support services, these activities and services begin prior to airplane delivery and continue throughout the operational life of the airplane. They include flight and maintenance training, field service support, engineering services, information services and systems and technical data and documents. The costs for fleet support are expensed as incurred and have historically been approximately 1% of total consolidated costs of products and services.\nProgram Development\n The following chart summarizes the time horizon between go-ahead and planned initial delivery for major Commercial Airplanes derivatives and programs.\nGo-ahead and Initial Delivery\n737 MAX 7\n2011\n2022\n737 MAX 10\n2017\n2023\n777X\n2013\n2023\nReflects models in development during 2021\nThe development schedules shown above are subject to a number of uncertainties, including changes in certification requirements. The timing of certifications will ultimately be determined by the regulators.\nAdditional Considerations\nThe development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from employees and other partners. Meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulators, can be costly and technologically challenging, such as the 787 production issues and associated rework. In addition, the introduction of new aircraft and derivatives, such as the 777X and 737 MAX derivatives, involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production and certification schedules. These challenges include increased global regulatory scrutiny of all development aircraft in the wake of the 737 MAX accidents. As a result, our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards and achieve or maintain, as applicable, program profitability is subject to significant risks. Factors that could result in lower margins (or a material charge if an airplane program has or is determined to have reach-forward losses) include the following: changes to the program accounting quantity, customer and model mix, production costs and rates, changes to price escalation factors due to changes in the inflation rate or other economic indicators, performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft, capital expenditures and other costs associated with increasing or adding new production capacity, learning curve, additional change incorporation, achieving anticipated cost reductions, the addition of regulatory requirements in connection with certification in one or more jurisdictions, flight test and certification schedules, costs, schedule and demand for new airplanes and derivatives and status of customer claims, supplier claims or assertions and other contractual negotiations. While we believe the cost and revenue estimates \n38\nTable of \nContents\nincorporated in the consolidated financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations or other financially significant exposure.\nDefense, Space\u00a0& Security\nBusiness Environment and Trends\nUnited States Government Defense Environment Overview\nIn May 2021, the U.S. government released the President\u2019s budget request for fiscal year 2022 (FY22), which included $715 billion in funding for the United States Department of Defense (U.S. DoD), $25 billion in funding for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and $19 billion for the FAA. While the President\u2019s budget request for FY22 includes funding for a majority of Boeing\u2019s programs, it did not include funding for F/A-18 Super Hornet, P-8 Poseidon and CH-47F Block II production aircraft. While there is continued congressional support for F/A-18 and CH-47F Block II production aircraft for FY22, there is ongoing uncertainty with respect to these and other program-level appropriations for FY22 and future fiscal years. These programs also continue to pursue non-U.S. sales opportunities.\nIn December 2021, Congress passed and the President signed the National Defense Authorization Act for FY22, which authorizes a U.S. DoD budget $25 billion higher than the budget request. A CR, enacted on December 3, 2021, continues funding for the federal government at FY21 appropriated levels through February 18, 2022. Congress and the President must enact either full-year FY22 appropriations bills or an additional CR to fund government departments and agencies beyond February 18, 2022 or a government shutdown could result, which may impact the Company\u2019s operations. Alternatively, Congress may continue to fund the federal government through one or more additional CRs, however, this would continue to restrict the execution of certain program activities and delay new programs or competitions.\nAccordingly, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to program-level appropriations for the U.S. DoD and other government agencies, including NASA, for FY22 and beyond. Future budget cuts or investment priority changes, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position and/or cash flows.\nNon-U.S. Defense Environment Overview \nThe non-U.S. market continues to be driven by complex and evolving security challenges and the need to modernize aging equipment and inventories. BDS expects that it will continue to have a wide range of opportunities across Asia, Europe and the Middle East given the diverse regional threats. At the end of 2021, 33% of BDS backlog was attributable to non-U.S. customers.\nResults of Operations \n \n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nRevenues\n$26,540\n\u00a0\n$26,257\u00a0\n$26,095\u00a0\n% of total company revenues\n43\n\u00a0\n%\n45\u00a0\n%\n34\u00a0\n%\nEarnings from operations\n$1,544\n\u00a0\n$1,539\u00a0\n$2,615\u00a0\nOperating margins\n5.8\n\u00a0\n%\n5.9\u00a0\n%\n10.0\u00a0\n%\n39\nTable of \nContents\nSince our operating cycle is long-term and involves many different types of development and production contracts with varying delivery and milestone schedules, the operating results of a particular period may not be indicative of future operating results. In addition, depending on the customer and their funding sources, our orders might be structured as annual follow-on contracts, or as one large multi-year order or long-term award. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of future workloads. The following discussions of comparative results among periods should be viewed in this context.\nDeliveries of units for new-build production aircraft, including remanufactures and modifications were as follows:\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nF/A-18 Models\n21\n\u00a0\n20\u00a0\n23\u00a0\nF-15 Models\n16\n\u00a0\n4\u00a0\n11\u00a0\nC-17 Globemaster III\n1\u00a0\nCH-47 Chinook (New)\n15\n\u00a0\n27\u00a0\n13\u00a0\nCH-47 Chinook (Renewed)\n5\n\u00a0\n3\u00a0\n22\u00a0\nAH-64 Apache (New)\n27\n\u00a0\n19\u00a0\n37\u00a0\nAH-64 Apache (Remanufactured)\n56\n\u00a0\n52\u00a0\n74\u00a0\nKC-46 Tanker\n13\n\u00a0\n14\u00a0\n28\u00a0\nP-8 Models\n16\n\u00a0\n15\u00a0\n18\u00a0\nC-40A\n2\u00a0\nTotal\n169\n\u00a0\n154\u00a0\n229\u00a0\nRevenues \n \nBDS revenues in 2021 increased by $283 million compared with 2020 primarily due to higher revenue on the KC-46A Tanker program due to new orders for 27 aircraft received during the first quarter of 2021 and lower charges in 2021. This was partially offset by lower revenues on rotorcraft programs, Commercial Crew and VC-25B. Cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2021 were $56 million less unfavorable than the prior year, largely due to the lower charges described below.\nBDS revenues in 2020 increased by $162 million compared with 2019 reflecting higher revenues from fighter aircraft, Space Launch System, B-52 upgrades, proprietary and MQ-25, partially offset by reduced volume in missile defense. These net increases were offset by the unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments, which were $312 million higher than the comparable period in the prior year, largely due to the KC-46A Tanker charges during 2020.\nEarnings From Operations \n \nBDS earnings from operations in 2021 increased by $5 million compared with 2020 primarily due to less unfavorable impacts from cumulative contract catch-up adjustments, which improved $219 million from the prior year, largely due to lower KC-46A Tanker charges in 2021 compared to 2020 and other charges in development programs described below. The favorable change in cumulative contract catch-up adjustments was offset primarily by lower volume and mix on rotorcraft programs and lower equity earnings for United Launch Alliance (ULA).\nDuring the fourth quarter of 2021, BDS increased the reach-forward loss on the KC-46A Tanker program by $402\u00a0million primarily due to continued disruption in the factory and in the supply chain, including impacts of COVID-19, and an increase in costs to complete the new Remote Vision System as the customer\u2019s requirements definition has evolved. In 2020, we recorded an additional reach-forward loss of $1,320 million on the KC-46A Tanker program reflecting $551 million of costs associated \n40\nTable of \nContents\nwith the agreement signed in April 2020 with the U.S. Air Force to develop and integrate the new Remote Vision System, and costs for production inefficiencies including impacts of COVID-19 disruption.\nDuring the third quarter of 2021, we increased the reach-forward loss on Commercial Crew by $185 million driven by the delay in the second uncrewed Orbital Flight Test now anticipated in 2022 and the latest assessment of remaining work.\nDuring the first quarter of 2021, we increased the reach-forward loss on VC-25B by $318 million, which was largely due to COVID-19 impacts and performance issues at a key supplier. The $168 million reach-forward loss in the first quarter of 2020 on VC-25B was associated with engineering inefficiencies from the COVID-19 environment.\nBDS earnings from operations in 2020 decreased by $1,076 million compared with 2019 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments, which were $828 million higher than the prior year, largely due to higher charges in 2020 of $1,320 million on KC-46A Tanker and $168 million on VC-25B, offset by $489 million in charges on Commercial Crew in 2019. The lower earnings in 2020 also reflect lower gains on property sales compared to the same period in 2019. These current period decreases were partially offset by the volume increases described above.\nBDS earnings from operations includes our share of income or loss from equity method investments of $53 million, $141 million and $128 million primarily from our ULA and non-U.S. joint ventures in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.\nBacklog\nTotal backlog of $59,828 million at December\u00a031, 2021 was $1,019 million lower than December\u00a031, 2020 due to the timing of awards and revenue recognized.\nAdditional Considerations\nOur BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements. In these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise. Examples of these programs include Ground-based Midcourse Defense, Proprietary and Space Launch System programs.\nSome of our development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis, and BDS customers are increasingly seeking fixed-price proposals for new programs. Examples of significant fixed-price development programs include Commercial Crew, KC-46A Tanker, MQ-25, T-7A Red Hawk, VC-25B, and commercial and military satellites. A number of our ongoing fixed-price development programs have reach-forward losses. New programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. Many development programs have highly complex designs. As technical or quality issues arise during development, we may experience schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. These programs are ongoing, and while we believe the cost and fee estimates incorporated in the financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of these programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, the loss of satellite in-orbit incentive payments or other financially significant exposure. Risk remains that we may be required to record additional reach-forward losses in future periods.\n41\nTable of \nContents\nGlobal Services\nBusiness Environment and Trends\nThe aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. Prior to COVID-19, we had expected the market to grow by around 3.5% annually, however, the pandemic is having a direct impact on our commercial services business. See Overview to Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the impacts of COVID-19 on the airline industry environment.\nOver the long-term, as the size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet continues to grow, so does demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of airplanes. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. Airlines continue to look for opportunities to reduce the size and cost of their spare parts inventory, frequently outsourcing spares management to third parties.\nThe demand outlook for our government services business has remained stable in 2021. Government services market segments are growing on pace with related fleets, but vary based on the utilization and age of the aircraft. The U.S. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Over the next decade, we expect U.S. growth to remain flat and non-U.S. fleets, led by Middle East and Asia Pacific customers, to add rotorcraft and commercial derivative aircraft at the fastest rates. We expect less than 20 percent of the worldwide fleet of military aircraft to be retired and replaced over the next ten years, driving increased demand for services to maintain aging aircraft and enhance aircraft capability.\nBGS\u2019 major customer, the U.S. government, remains subject to the spending limits and uncertainty described on page \n39\n, which could restrict the execution of certain program activities and delay new programs or competitions.\nIndustry Competitiveness \nAviation services is a competitive market with many domestic and international competitors. This market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales growth potential and long-term investment returns.\nResults of Operations \n \n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nRevenues\n$16,328\n\u00a0\n$15,543\u00a0\n$18,468\u00a0\n% of total company revenues\n26\n\u00a0\n%\n27\u00a0\n%\n24\u00a0\n%\nEarnings from operations\n$2,017\n\u00a0\n$450\u00a0\n$2,697\u00a0\nOperating margins\n12.4\n\u00a0\n%\n2.9\u00a0\n%\n14.6\u00a0\n%\nRevenues \n \nBGS revenues in 2021 increased by $785 million compared with 2020 due to higher commercial and government services volume. While commercial services volume is recovering, it remains below pre-pandemic levels. The net favorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2021 was $37 million lower than the comparable period in the prior year\n.\n We expect the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic to continue to have an adverse impact on BGS commercial revenues in future quarters until the commercial airline industry environment fully recovers.\n42\nTable of \nContents\nBGS revenues in 2020 decreased by $2,925 million compared with 2019 due to lower commercial services revenue driven by impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. The favorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2020 was $101 million lower than the comparable period in the prior year\n.\nEarnings From Operations \n \nBGS earnings from operations in 2021 increased by $1,567 million compared with 2020, primarily due to charges incurred in 2020 driven by impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as higher commercial services volume in 2021, partially offset by an inventory write-down of $220 million recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021 driven by revised cost estimates on certain customer contracts. Charges in 2020 included $531 million of inventory write-downs, $178 million of related impairments of distribution rights primarily driven by airlines\u2019 decisions to retire certain aircraft, $398 million for higher expected credit losses primarily driven by customer liquidity issues, $115 million of contract termination and facility impairment charges, and $72 million of severance costs. The net favorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2021 was $98 million lower than the prior year\n.\nBGS earnings from operations in 2020 decreased by $2,247 million compared with 2019, primarily due to lower commercial services revenue as well as the 2020 earnings charges described in the previous paragraph. The favorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2020 was consistent with the prior year\n.\nBacklog\nBGS total backlog of $20,496 million at December\u00a031, 2021 decreased by 1% from $20,632 million at December\u00a031, 2020, primarily due to revenue recognized on contracts awarded in prior years.\nBoeing Capital\nBusiness Environment and Trends\nBCC\u2019s gross customer financing and investment portfolio at December\u00a031, 2021 totaled $1,734 million. A substantial portion of BCC\u2019s portfolio is composed of customers that have less than investment-grade credit. BCC\u2019s portfolio is also concentrated by varying degrees across Boeing aircraft product types, most notably 717 and 747-8 aircraft.\nBCC provided customer financing of $14 million during 2020 and none during 2021. While we may be required to fund a number of new aircraft deliveries in 2021 and/or provide refinancing for existing bridge debt, we expect alternative financing will be available at reasonable prices from broad and globally diverse sources.\nAircraft values and lease rates are impacted by the number and type of aircraft that are currently out of service. Approximately 5,300 western-built commercial jet aircraft (20.5% of current world fleet) were parked at the end of 2021, including both in-production and out-of-production aircraft types. Of these parked aircraft, a larger portion are expected to be retired compared to the pre-COVID-19 period, which directly impacts the Company in terms of number of new aircraft deliveries and financing opportunities, the ability of existing customers to meet current payment obligations and the value of aircraft in its portfolio. We continue to work closely with our customers to mitigate the risk. At the end of 2020 and 2019, 29.4% and 8.5% of the western-built commercial jet aircraft were parked. Aircraft valuations could decline if significant numbers of additional aircraft, particularly types with relatively few operators, are placed out of service. See Overview to Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the impacts of COVID-19 on the airline industry environment.\n43\nTable of \nContents\nResults of Operations\n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nRevenues\n$272\n\u00a0\n$261\u00a0\n$244\u00a0\nEarnings from operations\n$106\n\u00a0\n$63\u00a0\n$28\u00a0\nOperating margins\n39\n\u00a0\n%\n24\u00a0\n%\n11\u00a0\n%\nRevenues \n \nBCC segment revenues consist principally of lease income from equipment under operating lease, interest income from financing receivables and notes, and other income. BCC\u2019s revenues in 2021 increased by $11 million compared with 2020, and revenues in 2020 increased by $17 million compared with 2019 primarily due to gains on re-lease of assets, partially offset by portfolio run-off.\nEarnings From Operations \n \nBCC\u2019s earnings from operations are presented net of interest expense, provision for (recovery of) losses, asset impairment expense, depreciation on leased equipment and other operating expenses. Earnings from operations in 2021 increased by $43 million compared with 2020 primarily due to higher revenues, lower provision for losses, and lower interest and asset impairment expenses. Earnings from operations in 2020 increased by $35 million compared with 2019 primarily due to higher revenues, lower asset impairment expenses and lower interest expenses.\nFinancial Position\nThe following table presents selected financial data for BCC as of December\u00a031:\n(Dollars in millions)\n2021\n2020\nCustomer financing and investment portfolio, net\n$1,720\n\u00a0\n$1,961\u00a0\nOther assets, primarily cash and short-term investments\n462\n\u00a0\n402\u00a0\nTotal assets\n$2,182\n\u00a0\n$2,363\u00a0\nOther liabilities, primarily income taxes\n$347\n\u00a0\n$392\u00a0\nDebt, including intercompany loans\n1,525\n\u00a0\n1,640\u00a0\nEquity\n310\n\u00a0\n331\u00a0\nTotal liabilities and equity\n$2,182\n\u00a0\n$2,363\u00a0\nDebt-to-equity ratio\n4.9-to-1\n5-to-1\nBCC\u2019s customer financing and investment portfolio at December\u00a031, 2021 decreased from December\u00a031, 2020, primarily due to $241 million of note payoffs and portfolio run-off.\nBCC enters into certain transactions with other Boeing segments, reflected in Unallocated items, eliminations and other, in the form of intercompany guarantees and other subsidies that mitigate the effects of certain credit quality or asset impairment issues on the BCC segment.\n44\nTable of \nContents\nLiquidity and Capital Resources\nCash Flow Summary\n(Dollars in millions)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2019\nNet loss\n($4,290)\n($11,941)\n($636)\nNon-cash items\n7,851\n\u00a0\n10,866\u00a0\n2,819\u00a0\nChanges in assets and liabilities\n(6,977)\n(17,335)\n(4,629)\nNet cash used by operating activities\n(3,416)\n(18,410)\n(2,446)\nNet cash provided/(used) by investing activities\n9,324\n\u00a0\n(18,366)\n(1,530)\nNet cash (used)/provided by financing activities\n(5,600)\n34,955\u00a0\n5,739\u00a0\nEffect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents\n(39)\n85\u00a0\n(5)\nNet increase/(decrease) in cash & cash equivalents, including restricted\n269\n\u00a0\n(1,736)\n1,758\u00a0\nCash & cash equivalents, including restricted, at beginning of year\n7,835\n\u00a0\n9,571\u00a0\n7,813\u00a0\nCash & cash equivalents, including restricted, at end of year\n$8,104\n\u00a0\n$7,835\u00a0\n$9,571\u00a0\nOperating Activities\n Net cash used by operating activities was $3.4 billion during 2021, compared with $18.4 billion during 2020 and $2.4 billion during 2019. The reduction in cash used by operating activities in 2021 compared with 2020 is primarily driven by lower net loss and improved changes in assets and liabilities. Non-cash items in 2021 include the $3.5 billion reach-forward loss on the 787 program which was recorded as a reduction to inventory, as well as $1.2 billion of treasury shares issued to fund Company contributions to the 401(k) plan and $0.8 billion of share-based plans expense reflecting a one-time stock grant to most employees in lieu of 2021 salary increases.\n \nThe changes in assets and liabilities reflect the significant increase in commercial airplane inventory in 2020 driven by lower deliveries due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the 737 MAX grounding. In 2021, inventory growth slowed as the continued buildup of 787 aircraft caused by production issues and 777X inventory growth was partially offset by a decrease in 737 MAX inventory following the resumption of deliveries. Compensation payments to 737 MAX customers totaled $2.5 billion and $2.2 billion in 2021 and 2020. In the first quarter of 2021, we paid $0.7 billion consistent with the terms of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement between Boeing and the U.S. Department of Justice. Additionally, in 2021, we received income tax refunds of $1.7 billion. Cash provided by Advances and progress billings was $2.5 billion in 2021, as compared with Cash used by Advances and progress billings of $1.1 billion in 2020. The pause in 787 deliveries and the residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding are expected to continue to have a significant impact on our operating cash flows until 787 deliveries resume and 737 MAX deliveries ramp up.\nThe decrease in operating cash flows in 2020 compared to 2019 is primarily driven by our net loss in 2020 and changes in assets and liabilities, partially offset by an increase in non-cash items. Non-cash items include the $6.5 billion reach-forward loss on the 777X program in 2020, which was recorded as a reduction to inventory. The year-over-year increase in non-cash items also reflects higher inventory write-downs and higher allowances for expected credit losses in 2020. The changes in assets and liabilities reflect increases in commercial airplane inventory due to the large number of undelivered aircraft in 2019 resulting from the 737 MAX grounding, and in 2020 due to the 737 MAX grounding, 787 production issues and COVID-19 impacts. Cash used by Advances and progress billings was $1.1 billion in 2020, as compared with $0.7 billion provided by Advances and progress billings in 2019. The changes in assets and liabilities in 2020 also reflect lower accounts payable due to reductions in commercial purchases from suppliers and lower supply chain financing. Compensation payments to 737 MAX customers totaled $2.2 billion during 2020 and $1.2 billion during 2019. The accrued liability \n45\nTable of \nContents\nfor 737 MAX customer considerations at December 31, 2019 resulted in a $7.4 billion favorable change to assets and liabilities in 2019.\nPayables to suppliers who elected to participate in supply chain financing programs declined by $1.5 billion and $1.9 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and increased by $2.6 billion in 2019. Supply chain financing is not material to our overall liquidity. The declines for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were primarily due to reductions in commercial purchases from suppliers. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2019 reflects a combination of higher purchases, an extension of payment terms with certain suppliers and increased utilization of our supply chain financing programs.\nInvesting Activities\n Cash provided by investing activities during 2021 was $9.3 billion, compared with cash used by investing activities of $18.4 billion and $1.5 billion during 2020 and 2019. The increase in cash inflows in 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily due to $27.1 billion of higher net proceeds from investments. The increase in cash outflows in 2020 compared to 2019 is primarily due to $17.4 billion of higher net contributions to investments. Net proceeds from investments were $9.8 billion in 2021, compared with net contributions to investments of $17.3 billion in 2020 and net proceeds from investments of $0.1 billion in 2019. Capital expenditures totaled $1.0 billion in 2021, compared with $1.3 billion in 2020 and $1.8 billion in 2019. We reduced our capital expenditures in 2021 and 2020 as we managed our liquidity throughout the pandemic and 737 MAX grounding. We expect capital expenditures in 2022 to be higher than in 2021.\nFinancing Activities\n Cash used by financing activities was $5.6 billion during 2021, compared with cash provided by financing activities of $35.0 billion during 2020 and $5.7 billion in 2019. The decrease of $40.6 billion compared with 2020 primarily reflects net debt repayments in 2021 compared with net borrowings in 2020. The increase of $29.3 billion in 2020 compared with 2019 primarily reflects higher net borrowings, lower share repurchases and lower dividend payments, which reflects the Company\u2019s decision in March 2020 to suspend the declaration or payment of dividends until further notice. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, debt repayments net of new borrowings were $5.6 billion, primarily due to $13.8 billion of repayments of our two-year delayed draw term loan credit agreement, partially offset by $9.8 billion of fixed rate senior notes issued in the first quarter of 2021. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, new borrowings net of repayments were $36.3 billion, primarily due to $29.9 billion of fixed rate senior notes issued in 2020 and $13.8 billion of new borrowings under a two-year delayed draw term loan agreement entered into in the first quarter of 2020. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2019, new borrowings net of repayments were $13.2 billion, primarily due to the issuance of $10.5 billion of fixed rate senior notes in 2019. For further discussion see Liquidity Matters in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\nAt December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020 debt balances totaled $58.1 billion and $63.6 billion, of which $1.3 billion and $1.7 billion were classified as short-term. This included $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion of debt attributable to BCC at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, of which $0.3 billion and $0.9 billion were classified as short-term.\nDuring the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we did not repurchase any shares through our open market share repurchase program compared to repurchases of 6.9 million shares in 2019 totaling $2.7 billion. Share repurchases under this plan have been suspended since April 2019. In March 2020, the Board of Directors terminated its prior authorization to repurchase shares of the Company's outstanding common stock. We had 0.3 million, 0.6 million and 0.6 million shares transferred to us from employee tax withholdings in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid no dividends, compared with $1.2 billion and $4.6 billion in 2020 and 2019. In March 2020, the Company announced that our dividend will be suspended until further notice.\n46\nTable of \nContents\nCapital Resources\n The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, 787 production issues and associated rework, and residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding are having a significant negative impact on our liquidity and ongoing operations and creating significant uncertainty. We have and are continuing to take significant actions to manage and preserve our liquidity.\n \nFor further discussion see Liquidity Matters in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\nThe following table summarizes certain cash requirements for known contractual and other obligations as of December\u00a031, 2021, and the estimated timing thereof. See Note 12 for future operating lease payments.\n(Dollars in millions)\nCurrent\nLong-term\nTotal\nLong-term debt (including current portion)\n$1,300\u00a0\n$57,389\u00a0\n$58,689\u00a0\nInterest on debt\n2,365\u00a0\n33,658\u00a0\n36,023\u00a0\nPension and other postretirement\n594\u00a0\n4,100\u00a0\n4,694\u00a0\nPurchase obligations\n53,041\u00a0\n53,702\u00a0\n106,743\u00a0\n737 MAX customer concessions and consideration\n(1)\n800\u00a0\n200\u00a0\n1,000\u00a0\n(1)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\nFor further discussion, see Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\nWe expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets. At December\u00a031, 2021, we had $8.1 billion of cash, $8.2 billion of short-term investments, and $14.7 billion of unused borrowing capacity on revolving credit line agreements. We anticipate that these revolving credit lines will remain undrawn and primarily serve as backup liquidity to support our general corporate borrowing needs. Of the $14.7 billion of unused borrowing capacity, $6.3 billion expires in October 2022, $5.3 billion expires in March 2023 and $3.2 billion expires in October 2024.\nOur debt balances have increased significantly since 2019, and we are continuing to actively manage our liquidity. In 2021, we repaid $13.8 billion that was outstanding under our two-year delayed draw term loan credit agreement that had a final maturity date of February 6, 2022.\nOur increased debt balance resulted in downgrades to our credit ratings in 2020, and our ratings remained unchanged in 2021. We expect to be able to access capital markets when we require additional funding in order to pay off existing debt, address further impacts to our business related to market developments, fund outstanding financing commitments or meet other business requirements. A number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for debt. These factors include disruptions or declines in the global capital markets and/or a decline in our financial performance, outlook or credit ratings, including impacts described above related to the COVID-19 pandemic and/or associated changes in demand for our products and services. These risks will be particularly acute if we are subject to further credit rating downgrades. The occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and financing or contractual commitments.\nAny future borrowings may affect our credit ratings and are subject to various debt covenants. At December\u00a031, 2021, we were in compliance with the covenants for our debt and credit facilities. The most restrictive covenants include a limitation on mortgage debt and sale and leaseback transactions as a percentage of consolidated net tangible assets (as defined in the credit agreements) and a limitation on consolidated debt as a percentage of total capital (as defined in the credit agreements). When considering debt covenants, we continue to have substantial borrowing capacity.\n47\nTable of \nContents\nPension and Other Postretirement Benefits\n Pension cash requirements are based on an estimate of our minimum funding requirements, pursuant to Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) regulations, although we may make additional discretionary contributions. Estimates of other postretirement benefits are based on both our estimated future benefit payments and the estimated contributions to plans that are funded through trusts.\nAt December 31, 2021 and 2020, our pension plans were $7.8 billion and $13.7 billion underfunded as measured under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (GAAP). On an ERISA basis our plans are more than 100% funded at December\u00a031, 2021. We do not expect to make significant contributions to our pension plans in 2022. We may be required to make higher contributions to our pension plans in future years.\nIn the fourth quarter of 2020, we contributed $3\u00a0billion of our common stock to our pension fund. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we also began using our common stock in lieu of cash to fund Company contributions to our 401(k) plans for the foreseeable future. Under this approach, common stock is contributed to our 401(k) plans following each pay period. We expect this measure to further enable the Company to conserve cash. We have retained an independent fiduciary to manage and liquidate stock contributed to these plans at its discretion.\nPurchase Obligations\n Purchase obligations represent contractual agreements to purchase goods or services that are legally binding; specify a fixed, minimum or range of quantities; specify a fixed, minimum, variable or indexed price provision; and specify approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations include amounts recorded as well as amounts that are not recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.\nPurchase obligations not recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position include agreements for inventory procurement, tooling costs, electricity and natural gas contracts, property, plant and equipment, customer financing equipment and other miscellaneous production related obligations. The most significant obligation relates to inventory procurement contracts. We have entered into certain significant inventory procurement contracts that specify determinable prices and quantities, and long-term delivery timeframes. In addition, we purchase raw materials on behalf of our suppliers. These agreements require suppliers and vendors to be prepared to build and deliver items in sufficient time to meet our production schedules. The need for such arrangements with suppliers and vendors arises from the extended production planning horizon for many of our products. A significant portion of these inventory commitments is supported by firm contracts with customers and/or has historically resulted in settlement through reimbursement from customers for penalty payments to the supplier should the customer not take delivery. These amounts are also included in our forecasts of costs for program and contract accounting. Some inventory procurement contracts may include escalation adjustments. In these limited cases, we have included our best estimate of the effect of the escalation adjustment in the amounts disclosed in the table above.\nPurchase obligations recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position primarily include accounts payable and certain other current and long-term liabilities including accrued compensation.\nWe have entered into various industrial participation agreements with certain customers outside of the U.S. to facilitate economic flow back and/or technology or skills transfer to their businesses or government agencies as the result of their procurement of goods and/or services from us. These commitments may be satisfied by our local operations there, placement of direct work or vendor orders for supplies, opportunities to bid on supply contracts, transfer of technology or other forms of assistance. However, in certain cases, our commitments may be satisfied through other parties (such as our vendors) who purchase supplies from our non-U.S. customers. In certain cases, penalties could be imposed if we do not meet our industrial participation commitments. During 2021, we incurred no such penalties. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we have outstanding industrial participation agreements \n48\nTable of \nContents\ntotaling $25.5 billion that extend through 2034. Purchase order commitments associated with industrial participation agreements are included in purchase obligations in the table above. To be eligible for such a purchase order commitment from us, a non-U.S. supplier must have sufficient capability to meet our requirements and must be competitive in cost, quality and schedule.\nOff-Balance Sheet Arrangements\n We are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements including certain guarantees. For discussion of these arrangements, see Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\nCommercial Commitments\nThe following table summarizes our commercial commitments outstanding as of December\u00a031, 2021.\n(Dollars in millions)\nTotal\u00a0Amounts\nCommitted/Maximum\nAmount of Loss\nLess than\n1 year\n1-3\nyears\n4-5\nyears\nAfter 5\nyears\nStandby letters of credit and surety bonds\n$3,634\u00a0\n$1,969\u00a0\n$1,451\u00a0\n$60\u00a0\n$154\u00a0\nCommercial aircraft financing commitments\n12,905\u00a0\n2,034\u00a0\n6,094\u00a0\n2,904\u00a0\n1,873\u00a0\nTotal commercial commitments\n$16,539\u00a0\n$4,003\u00a0\n$7,545\u00a0\n$2,964\u00a0\n$2,027\u00a0\nCommercial aircraft financing commitments include commitments to provide financing related to aircraft on order, under option for deliveries or proposed as part of sales campaigns or refinancing with respect to delivered aircraft, based on estimated earliest potential funding dates. Customer financing commitments totaled $12.9 billion and $11.5 billion at December 31, 2021 and 2020. The increase relates to new financing commitments. We anticipate that we will not be required to fund a significant portion of our financing commitments as we continue to work with third party financiers to provide alternative financing to customers. Historically, we have not been required to fund significant amounts of outstanding commitments. However, there can be no assurances that we will not be required to fund greater amounts than historically required. See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\nContingent Obligations\nWe have significant contingent obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business, which include the following:\nLegal\n Various legal proceedings, claims and investigations are pending against us. Legal contingencies are discussed in Note 21 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\nEnvironmental Remediation\n We are involved with various environmental remediation activities and have recorded a liability of $605 million at December\u00a031, 2021. For additional information, see Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.\nNon-GAAP Measures\nCore Operating Earnings, Core Operating Margin and Core Earnings Per Share\nOur Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP which we supplement with certain non-GAAP financial information. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share exclude the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment. The FAS/\n49\nTable of \nContents\nCAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Core earnings per share excludes both the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment and non-operating pension and postretirement expenses. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with GAAP are allocated to BCA and certain BGS businesses supporting commercial customers. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid.\nThe Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustments recognized in Loss from operations were benefits of $882 million in 2021, $1,024 million in 2020 and $1,071 million in 2019. The lower benefits in 2021 were primarily due to reductions in allocated pension cost year over year. The non-operating pension expense included in Other income, net was a benefit of $528 million in 2021, $340 million in 2020 and $374 million in 2019. The higher benefits in 2021 were primarily due to lower interest cost and higher expected return on plan assets, partially offset by higher amortization of actuarial losses and higher settlement charges. The benefits in 2020 and 2019 reflect expected returns in excess of interest cost and amortization of actuarial losses.\nFor further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs, see the Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis on page 29 of this Form 10-K and see Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit cost primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to U.S. government contracts.\n50\nTable of \nContents\nReconciliation of GAAP Measures to Non-GAAP Measures\nThe table below reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures of earnings from operations, operating margins and diluted earnings per share.\n(Dollars in millions, except per share data)\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n \n2021\n2020\n2019\nRevenues\n$62,286\n\u00a0\n$58,158\u00a0\n$76,559\u00a0\nLoss from operations, as reported\n($2,902)\n($12,767)\n($1,975)\nOperating margins\n(4.7)\n%\n(22.0)\n%\n(2.6)\n%\nPension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment\n(1)\n($882)\n($1,024)\n($1,071)\nPostretirement FAS/CAS service cost adjustment\n(1)\n(291)\n(359)\n(344)\nFAS/CAS service cost adjustment\n(1)\n($1,173)\n($1,383)\n($1,415)\nCore operating loss (non-GAAP)\n($4,075)\n($14,150)\n($3,390)\nCore operating margins (non-GAAP)\n(6.5)\n%\n(24.3)\n%\n(4.4)\n%\nDiluted loss per share, as reported\n($7.15)\n($20.88)\n($1.12)\nPension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment\n(1)\n(1.50)\n(1.80)\n(1.89)\nPostretirement FAS/CAS service cost adjustment\n(1)\n(0.49)\n(0.63)\n(0.61)\nNon-operating pension expense\n(2)\n(0.91)\n(0.60)\n(0.66)\nNon-operating postretirement expense\n(2)\n0.03\u00a0\n0.19\u00a0\nProvision for deferred income taxes on adjustments \n(3)\n0.61\n\u00a0\n0.63\u00a0\n0.62\u00a0\nCore loss per share (non-GAAP)\n($9.44)\n($23.25)\n($3.47)\nWeighted average diluted shares (in millions)\n588.0\n\u00a0\n569.0\u00a0\n566.0\u00a0\n(1)\nFAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the FAS pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. This adjustment is excluded from Core operating loss (non-GAAP).\n(2)\nNon-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. These expenses are included in Other income, net and are excluded from Core loss per share (non-GAAP).\n(3)\nThe income tax impact is calculated using the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate.\n51\nTable of \nContents\nCritical Accounting Policies & Estimates\nAccounting for Long-term Contracts\nSubstantially all contracts at BDS and certain contracts at BGS are long-term contracts. Our long-term contracts typically represent a single distinct performance obligation due to the highly interdependent and interrelated nature of the underlying goods and/or services and the significant service of integration that we provide.\nAccounting for long-term contracts involves a judgmental process of estimating the total sales, costs, and profit for each performance obligation. Cost of sales is recognized as incurred, and revenue is determined by adding a proportionate amount of the estimated profit to the amount reported as cost of sales.\nDue to the size, duration and nature of many of our long-term contracts, the estimation of total sales and costs through completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Total sales estimates are based on negotiated contract prices and quantities, modified by our assumptions regarding contract options, change orders, incentive and award provisions associated with technical performance, and price adjustment clauses (such as inflation or index-based clauses). The majority of these long-term contracts are with the U.S. government where the price is generally based on estimated cost to produce the product or service plus profit. Federal Acquisition Regulations provide guidance on the types of cost that will be reimbursed in establishing contract price. Total cost estimates are largely based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends, business base and other economic projections. Factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, COVID-19 disruptions, asset utilization and anticipated labor agreements.\nRevenue and cost estimates for all significant long-term contract performance obligations are reviewed and reassessed quarterly. Changes in these estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the performance obligation\u2019s inception to date revenues, cost of sales and profit in the period in which such changes are made. Changes in revenue and cost estimates could also result in a reach-forward loss or an adjustment to a reach-forward loss which would be recorded immediately in earnings. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, net unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments across all long-term contracts increased loss from operations by $880 million, $942 million and $111 million, respectively. The cumulative catch-up adjustments in 2021 were primarily due to losses recognized on the KC-46A Tanker, VC-25B and Commercial Crew programs. These are all fixed-price development programs, and there is ongoing risk that similar losses may have to be recognized in future periods on these and/or other programs.\nDue to the significance of judgment in the estimation process described above, it is likely that materially different earnings could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. If the combined gross margins for our profitable long-term contracts had been estimated to be higher or lower by 1% during 2021, it would have increased or decreased pre-tax income for the year by approximately $300 million.\nProgram Accounting\nProgram accounting requires the demonstrated ability to reliably estimate revenues, costs and gross profit margin for the defined program accounting quantity. A program consists of the estimated number of units (accounting quantity) of a product to be produced in a continuing, long-term production effort for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts. The determination of the accounting quantity is limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates.\n52\nTable of \nContents\nFactors that must be estimated include program accounting quantity, sales price, labor and employee benefit costs, material costs, procured part costs, major component costs, overhead costs, program tooling and other non-recurring costs, and warranty costs. Estimation of the accounting quantity for each program takes into account several factors that are indicative of the demand for the particular program, such as firm orders, letters of intent from prospective customers and market studies. Total estimated program sales are determined by estimating the model mix and sales price for all unsold units within the accounting quantity, added together with the sales prices for all undelivered units under contract. The sales prices for all undelivered units within the accounting quantity include an escalation adjustment for inflation that is updated quarterly. Cost estimates are based largely on negotiated and anticipated contracts with suppliers, historical performance trends, and business base and other economic projections. Factors that influence these estimates include production rates, internal and subcontractor performance trends, customer and/or supplier claims or assertions, asset utilization, anticipated labor agreements, COVID-19 disruptions, and inflationary or deflationary trends.\nTo ensure reliability in our estimates, we employ a rigorous estimating process that is reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis. This includes reassessing the accounting quantity. Changes in estimates of program gross profit margins are normally recognized on a prospective basis; however, when estimated costs to complete a program plus costs already included in inventory exceed estimated revenues from the program, a loss is recorded in the current period. Reductions to the estimated loss are included in the gross profit margin for undelivered units in the accounting quantity whereas increases to the estimated loss are recorded as an earnings charge in the period in which the loss is determined.\nThe 747, 767 and 777X programs have near break-even margins, and the 787 program has zero margin at December 31, 2021. Adverse changes to the revenue and/or cost estimates for these programs could result in additional earnings charges in future periods.\n777X Program\n During the fourth quarter of 2020, we revised the estimated first delivery date of the 777X to late 2023 and recorded a $6.5 billion reach-forward loss on the 777X program. The revised schedule and reach-forward loss reflected a number of factors, including an updated assessment of global certification requirements informed by continued discussions with regulators and a management decision in the fourth quarter of 2020 to make modifications to the aircraft\u2019s design, an updated assessment of COVID-19 impacts on market demand and discussions with our customers with respect to aircraft delivery timing. These factors resulted in adjustments to production rates and the program accounting quantity, increased change incorporation costs, and associated customer and supply chain impacts. The initial accounting quantity of 350 airplanes established in the fourth quarter of 2020 consists of 777X passenger airplanes and remained unchanged during 2021.\nWe are working towards reaching TIA which will enable us to begin FAA certification flight testing. The timing of TIA and certification will ultimately be determined by the regulators, and further determinations with respect to anticipated certification requirements could result in additional delays in entry into service and/or additional cost increases.\nWe continue to anticipate that the first 777X delivery will occur in late 2023. The 777X program has near break-even gross margins at December 31, 2021. The level of profitability on the 777X program will be subject to a number of factors. These factors include continued market uncertainty, the impacts of COVID-19 on our production system as well as impacts on our supply chain and customers, customer negotiations, further production rate adjustments for the 777X or other commercial aircraft programs, contraction of the accounting quantity and potential risks associated with the testing program and the timing of aircraft certification. One or more of these factors could result in additional reach-forward losses on the 777X program in future periods, which may be material.\n53\nTable of \nContents\n787 Program\n The 787 program\u2019s production issues and delivery pause result in significant uncertainties regarding the revenue and cost estimates for the 787 program. Deliveries have remained paused since May 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded a loss of $3.5 billion on the program primarily due to rework driving longer delivery delays than were previously expected and associated customer considerations. The estimate of customer considerations is based on a number of factors, including our current assumptions regarding timing of FAA approval enabling resumption of deliveries, estimated timing of completion of inspections and rework to enable deliveries in future periods, estimated timing of production rate increases as well as customer and market assessments. We continue to conduct inspections and rework and engage in detailed discussions with the FAA regarding required actions for resuming delivery of the 787. Our program revenue and cost estimates reflect the assumption that production rates will remain very low until deliveries resume, gradually returning to 5 per month over time. We have also assumed lower forecasted revenues due to delayed deliveries. Our program assumptions reflect our current best estimate. However, if the program experiences further delivery delays or other factors such as additional inspections or rework that result in lower revenue or higher cost estimates, we could record additional losses in future periods, which may be material.\nGoodwill Impairments\nWe test goodwill for impairment by performing a qualitative assessment or quantitative test. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment, we evaluate economic, industry and company-specific factors as an initial step in assessing the fair value of the reporting unit. If we determine it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the net assets is more than the fair value of the reporting unit, then a quantitative test is performed; otherwise, no further testing is required. For reporting units where the quantitative test is used, we compare the carrying value of net assets to the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value is determined to be less than carrying value, the shortfall up to the carrying value of the goodwill represents the amount of goodwill impairment.\nWe generally estimate the fair values of our reporting units using a combination of discounted cash flows and market-based valuation methodologies such as comparable public company trading values. Forecasts of future cash flows are based on our best estimate of future sales, operating costs and changes in working capital. These forecasts reflect existing firm orders, expected future orders, expected production rates and delivery profiles, contracts with suppliers, labor agreements and general market conditions. Changes in these forecasts could significantly change the amount of impairment recorded, if any. The cash flow forecasts are adjusted by an appropriate discount rate derived from our market capitalization plus a suitable control premium at the date of evaluation. Therefore, changes in the stock price may also affect the amount of impairment recorded, if any.\nWe completed our annual assessment of goodwill as of April\u00a01, 2021 and determined that there was no impairment of goodwill. As of December 31, 2021, we estimated that the fair value of each reporting unit significantly exceeded its corresponding carrying value. Changes in our forecasts, discount rates or decreases in the value of our common stock could cause book values to exceed their fair values which may result in goodwill impairment charges in future periods.\nPension Plans\nMany of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. Nonunion and the majority of union employees that had participated in defined benefit pension plans transitioned to a company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plan in 2016. Additional union employees transitioned to company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plans effective January 1, 2019. Accounting rules require an annual measurement of our projected obligation and plan assets. These measurements are based upon several assumptions, including the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of asset return. Future changes in assumptions or differences between actual and expected \n54\nTable of \nContents\noutcomes can significantly affect our future annual expense, projected benefit obligation and Shareholders\u2019 equity.\nThe projected benefit obligation is sensitive to discount rates. The projected benefit obligation would decrease by $2,240 million or increase by $2,530 million if the discount rate increased or decreased by 25 basis points. A 25 basis point change in the discount rate would not have a significant impact on pension cost. However, net periodic pension cost is sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of asset return. A decrease or increase of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of asset return would have increased or decreased 2021 net periodic pension cost by $155 million. See Note 16 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which includes the discount rate and expected long-term rate of asset return assumptions for the last three years.\nDeferred Income Taxes \u2013 Valuation Allowance\nThe Company has deferred income tax assets of $11,258 million at December 31, 2021 that can be used in future years to offset taxable income and reduce income taxes payable. The Company has deferred income tax liabilities of $8,976 million at December 31, 2021 that will partially offset deferred income tax assets and result in higher taxable income in future years and increase income taxes payable. Tax law determines whether future reversals of temporary differences will result in taxable and deductible amounts that offset each other in future years. The particular years in which temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts generally are determined by the timing of the recovery of the related asset or settlement of the related liability.\nOn a quarterly basis, we assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income and reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized.\nThis assessment takes into account both positive and negative evidence. A recent history of financial reporting losses is heavily weighted as a source of objectively verifiable negative evidence. Due to our recent history of losses, we determined we could not include future projected earnings in our analysis. Rather, we use systematic and logical methods to estimate when deferred tax liabilities will reverse and generate taxable income and when deferred tax assets will reverse and generate tax deductions. The selection of methodologies and assessment of when temporary differences will result in taxable or deductible amounts involves significant management judgment and is inherently complex and subjective. We believe that the methodologies we use are reasonable and can be replicated on a consistent basis in future periods.\nDeferred tax liabilities represent the assumed source of future taxable income and the majority are assumed to generate taxable amounts during the next five years.\n \nDeferred tax assets include amounts related to pension and other postretirement benefits that are assumed to generate significant deductible amounts beyond five years.\n \nThe Company\u2019s valuation allowance of $2,423 million at December 31, 2021 primarily relates to pension and other postretirement benefit obligation deferred tax assets that are assumed to reverse beyond the period in which reversals of deferred tax liabilities are assumed to occur.\n \nDuring 2021, the Company decreased the valuation allowance by $671 primarily due to favorable pension remeasurement. Until the Company generates sustained levels of profitability, additional valuation allowances may have to be recorded with corresponding adverse impacts on earnings and/or other comprehensive income.\nFor additional information regarding income taxes, see Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.\n55\nTable of \nContents", "item7a": ">Item\u00a07A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk\nInterest Rate Risk\nWe have financial instruments that are subject to interest rate risk, principally fixed- and floating-rate debt obligations, and customer financing assets and liabilities. The investors in our fixed-rate debt obligations do not generally have the right to demand we pay off these obligations prior to maturity. Therefore, exposure to interest rate risk is not believed to be material for our fixed-rate debt. In 2021, we repaid the $13.8\u00a0billion outstanding under our two-year floating-rate delayed draw term loan credit agreement. As a result, as of December 31, 2021, we do not have any significant floating-rate debt obligations. Historically, we have not experienced material gains or losses on our customer financing assets and liabilities due to interest rate changes.\nForeign Currency Exchange Rate Risk\nWe are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk relating to receipts from customers and payments to suppliers in foreign currencies. We use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the price risk associated with firmly committed and forecasted foreign denominated payments and receipts related to our ongoing business. Foreign currency forward contracts are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. At December\u00a031, 2021, a 10% increase or decrease in the exchange rate in our portfolio of foreign currency contracts would have increased or decreased our unrealized losses by $241 million. Consistent with the use of these contracts to neutralize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations, such unrealized losses or gains would be offset by corresponding gains or losses, respectively, in the remeasurement of the underlying transactions being hedged. When taken together, these forward currency contracts and the offsetting underlying commitments do not create material market risk.\nCommodity Price Risk\nWe are subject to commodity price risk relating to commodity purchase contracts for items used in production that are subject to changes in the market price. We use commodity swaps and commodity purchase contracts to hedge against these potentially unfavorable price changes. Our commodity purchase contracts and derivatives are both sensitive to changes in the market price. At December\u00a031, 2021, a 10% increase or decrease in the market price in our commodity derivatives would have increased or decreased our unrealized losses by $46 million. Consistent with the use of these contracts to neutralize the effect of market price fluctuations, such unrealized losses or gains would be offset by corresponding gains or losses, respectively, in the remeasurement of the underlying transactions being hedged. When taken together, these commodity purchase contracts and the offsetting swaps do not create material market risk.\n56\nTable of \nContents", "companyName": "Boeing Co", "cusip": "097023105"}