{"item1": ">Item 1.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Business\nCertain Definitions:  \nCapitalized terms used in the following discussion and not otherwise defined below have the meanings assigned to them in Note 1 to the Company's audited consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, item 8, page 53 of this Annual Report.\nGeneral:\n Union Bankshares, Inc. (\u201cCompany\u201d) is a one-bank holding company whose sole subsidiary is Union Bank (\u201cUnion\u201d). It was incorporated in the State of Vermont in 1982 to serve as a holding company for Union Bank. The Company's common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol \"UNB\". Union Bank was organized and chartered as a State bank in 1891 and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company upon completion of the holding company reorganization in 1982. Both Union Bankshares, Inc. and Union Bank are headquartered in Morrisville, Vermont.\nThe Company's business is that of a community bank in the financial services industry. The Company has one definable business segment, Union Bank, which provides full retail, commercial, municipal banking, and asset management and trust services throughout its 18 banking offices, three loan centers, and several ATMs covering northern Vermont and northern New Hampshire. Also, many of Union's services are provided via the telephone, mobile devices, and through its website, \nwww.ublocal.com\n.  Union seeks to make a profit for the Company while providing quality retail banking services to individuals and commercial banking services to small and medium sized corporations, partnerships, and sole proprietorships, as well as nonprofit organizations, local municipalities and school districts within its market area.\nThe Company's income is derived principally from interest and fees on loans and earnings on other investments. Its primary expenses arise from interest paid on deposits and borrowings, salaries and wages, health insurance and other employee benefits and other general overhead expenses, including occupancy and equipment expenses. Our profitability depends primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between interest and dividend income on interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Interest-earning assets include loans, investment securities, and interest-earning deposits in banks. Interest-bearing liabilities primarily include customer deposit accounts and borrowings.  Net interest income is dependent upon the level of interest rates and the extent to which such rates change, as well as changes in the volume of various categories of assets and liabilities. Our profitability is also dependent on the level of noninterest income (primarily gains on sale of real estate loans, loan servicing income, and service fees), provision for loan losses, noninterest expenses and income taxes. Our operations and profitability are subject to changes in interest rates, applicable statutes and regulations, changes in corporate tax rates, general economic conditions, the competitive environment, as well as other factors beyond our control.\nHuman Capital\n. Our employees play a vital role in our company-wide vision of delivering the best banking experience to all of our customers, employees, communities, and shareholders. As of December 31, 2021, Union employed 194 full time employees. Guided by our core values, we are committed to creating a company culture where everyone is included and respected, and where we support each other in reaching our full potential. To attract, engage, and retain top talent, we strive to create a supportive workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers. We provide numerous training and development opportunities, as well as a robust tuition reimbursement program. We are also deeply committed to the health and well-being of our employees. This includes market-competitive compensation, medical and dental insurance, paid time off, life insurance, short term and long-term disability, and a 401(k) plan. We maintain a number of human resources and other policies, including a harassment and retaliation policy, to promote a workplace that is safe for all and supports a culture where people feel they can report incidents that threaten that safety. In addition, we have a confidential whistleblower program that forwards complaints to the audit committee and the Board of Directors, and we will work to take necessary action as quickly as possible after a complaint is received. We also prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation (including gender identity and gender expression), national origin, citizenship status, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status. We employ based on talent and potential for growth, and we value a diversity of backgrounds and ideas. \nDescription of Services:\n Services or products offered to our customers include, but are not limited to, the following:\n\u2022\nCommercial loans for business purposes to business owners and investors for plant and equipment, working capital, real estate renovation and other sound business purposes;\n\u2022\nCommercial real estate loans on income producing properties, including commercial construction loans;\n\u2022\nSBA guaranteed loans;\n\u2022\nResidential construction and mortgage loans;\n\u2022\nOnline cash management services, including account reconciliation, credit card depository, Automated Clearing House origination, wire transfers and night depository;\n\u2022\nMerchant credit card services for the deposit and immediate credit of sales drafts; \n\u2022\nRemote deposit capture for merchants;\n\u2022\nOnline mortgage applications;\n\u2022\nBusiness checking accounts;\n\u2022\nStandby letters of credit,  bank checks or money orders, and safe deposit boxes;\n5\n\u2022\nATM services;\n\u2022\nDebit MasterCard and ATM cards;\n\u2022\nTelephone, internet, and mobile banking services, including bill pay;\n\u2022\nHome improvement loans and overdraft checking privileges against preauthorized lines of credit;\n\u2022\nRetail depository services including personal checking accounts, checking accounts with interest, savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, IRA/SEP/KEOGH accounts and Health Savings accounts; and\n\u2022\nAsset management and trust services to individuals and organizations.\nConsistent with the objective of the Company to serve the financial needs of individuals, businesses and others within its market areas, the Company seeks to concentrate its assets in loans. However, the Company has increased its level of investment securities to increase the yield obtained from the influx of customer deposit monies.  For the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, the Company's rate of average loans to average deposits was 78.7%. To be consistent with the requirements of prudent banking practices, adequate levels of assets are invested in high-grade securities, FDIC insured certificates of deposits, or other prudent investment alternatives such as company-owned life insurance and investments in real estate limited partnerships for affordable housing. Deposits are the primary source of funds for use in lending, investing and for other general operating purposes. In addition we obtain funds from principal repayments, sales and prepayments of loans, securities and FDIC insured certificates of deposit. Other funding sources may include brokered deposits purchased through CDARS, ICS or through other deposit brokers, and borrowings from the FHLB, correspondent banks or the Federal Reserve discount window. \nCompetition:\n The Company and Union face substantial competition for loans and deposits in northern Vermont and New Hampshire from local and regional commercial banks, savings banks, tax exempt credit unions, mortgage brokers, and financial services affiliates of bank holding companies, as well as from national financial service providers such as mutual funds, brokerage houses, insurance companies, consumer finance companies and internet banks. Within the Company's market area are branches of several commercial and savings banks that are substantially larger than Union. Union focuses on its community banking niche and on providing convenient locations, hours and modes of delivery to provide superior customer service. We have seen over the last few years, a trend by customers to turn to local community banks to fulfill their financial needs with organizations and people they know and trust. Also, with the onset of COVID-19, customers have looked to perform traditional banking transactions electronically either via the internet or Union's mobile app.  We are hopeful that these trends will continue. The Company seeks to capitalize upon the extensive business and personal contacts and relationships of its directors, advisory board members and officers to continue to develop the Company's customer base, as well as relying on director and advisory board referrals, officer-originated calling programs and customer and shareholder referrals. \nIn order to compete with the larger financial institutions in its service area, Union capitalizes on the flexibility and local autonomy which is accorded by its independent status. This includes an emphasis on personal service, timely decision making, local promotional activity, and personal contacts and community service by Union's officers, directors and employees. The Company strives to inform the public about the strength of the Company, the variety and flexibility of services offered, as well as the strength of the local economy relative to the national economy and global problems in the real estate market and provides information on financial topics of interest.  The Company also strives to educate future generations by helping them to cultivate sound personal financial habits through its \"Save for Success\" program for children. \nThe Company competes for deposit accounts by offering customers competitive products and rates, personal service, local area expertise, convenient locations and access, and an array of financial services and products. The Company experienced significant deposit growth during 2021 and 2020 due to deposits by customers of PPP loan proceeds and COVID-19 related government assistance payments resulting in abundant liquidity and also a reduction in the interest rates willing to be paid on those deposit monies. In previous years, higher interest rates and deposit \u201cspecials\u201d  were utilized to compliment the product offerings to attract customers.  Union has opted not to offer deposit specials in this interest rate environment.  \nThe competition in originating real estate and other loans comes principally from commercial banks, savings banks, mortgage banking companies and tax exempt credit unions. The Company competes for loan originations primarily through the interest rates and loan fees it charges, the types of loans it offers, and the efficiency and quality of services it provides. In addition to residential mortgage lending and municipal loans, the Company also emphasizes commercial real estate, construction, and both conventional and SBA guaranteed commercial lending. Factors that affect the Company's ability to compete for loans include general and local economic conditions, prevailing interest rates including the Federal Home Loan Bank rates, prime rate, and pricing volatility of the secondary loan markets. The Company promotes an increased level of personal service and expertise within the community to position itself as a lender to small to middle market business and residential customers, which tend to be under-served by larger institutions.\nThe Company, through Union's Asset Management Group division, competes for personal and institutional asset management and trust business with trust companies, commercial banks having trust departments, investment advisory firms, brokerage firms, mutual funds and insurance companies. \n6\nRegulation and Supervision\nGeneral\nThe following discussion addresses elements of the regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. This regulatory framework is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the Federal Deposit Insurance Fund (\u201cDIF\u201d), and the banking system as a whole, rather than the protection of shareholders or non-depository creditors of a bank holding company such as the Company.\nAs a bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the FRB under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (\u201cBHCA\u201d).  As a state chartered commercial bank, Union Bank is subject to the regulation and supervision by the FDIC and the DFR. \nThe following is a summary of certain aspects of various statutes and regulations applicable to the Company and its subsidiary. This summary is not a comprehensive analysis of all applicable laws, and you should refer to the applicable statutes and regulations for more information. Changes in applicable laws or regulations, and in their interpretation and application by regulatory agencies and other governmental authorities, cannot be predicted, but may have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.\nThis regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which a bank holding company or a bank can engage. The prior approval of the FDIC and DFR is required, among other things, for Union to establish or relocate a branch office, assume deposits or engage in any merger, consolidation, purchase or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of any bank. This regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to  classification of assets and establishment of adequate credit loss reserves for regulatory purposes.  To the extent that this information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to those provisions. \nThe Company is also under the jurisdiction of the SEC for matters relating to the offer and sale of its securities as well as investor reporting requirements. The Company is subject to restrictions, reporting requirements, and review procedures under federal securities laws and regulations. The Company's common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol \u201cUNB\u201d and accordingly, the Company is subject to the rules of NASDAQ for listed companies.\nFinancial Regulatory Reform Legislation\n \nThe Dodd-Frank Act.\n The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in 2010, comprehensively reformed the regulation of financial institutions and the products and services they offer. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act:\n\u2022\ngranted the FRB increased supervisory authority and codified the source of strength doctrine,\n\u2022\nprovided new capital standards applicable to the Company,\n\u2022\nmodified the scope and costs associated with deposit insurance coverage,\n\u2022\npermitted well capitalized and well managed banks to acquire other banks in any state subject to certain deposit concentration limits and other conditions,\n\u2022\npermitted the payment of interest on business demand deposit accounts,\n\u2022\nestablished the CFPB and transferred rulemaking authority to it under various consumer protection laws relating to financial products and services,\n\u2022\nestablished new minimum mortgage underwriting standards for residential mortgages,\n\u2022\nbarred banking organizations, such as the Company, from engaging in proprietary trading and from sponsoring and investing in hedge funds and private equity funds, except as permitted under certain circumstances, and\n\u2022\nestablished the Financial Stability Oversight Council to designate certain activities as posing a risk to the United States financial systems and recommended new or heightened standards and safeguards for financial institutions engaging in such activities.\nWhile the Dodd-Frank Act is focused principally on changes to the financial regulatory system, it includes several corporate governance, disclosure and compensation provisions applicable to public companies.\u00a0Those provisions include:\n\u2022\nA requirement that public companies solicit an advisory vote on executive compensation (\"Say-on-Pay\"), an advisory vote on the frequency of Say-on-Pay votes and, in the event of a merger or other extraordinary transaction, an advisory vote on certain \"golden parachute\" payments.\u00a0The Company's last Say-on-Pay vote was hel\nd \nat the 2019 annual meeting with shareholders approving the Company's executive compensation program by a wide margin, with the next Say-on-Pay vote scheduled to occur at the 2022 annual meeting,\n\u2022\nRequirements that the SEC adopt rules directing the securities exchanges to adopt listing standards with respect to compensation committee independence and the use of consultants\n,\n\u2022\nProvisions calling for the SEC to adopt expanded disclosure requirements for annual proxy statements and other filings, particularly in the area of executive compensation, such as disclosure of pay versus performance, policies with \n7\nregard to hedging transactions conducted by employees and directors, and, for public companies other than smaller reporting companies, the ratio of CEO pay to the pay of a median employee, \n\u2022\nProvisions requiring the adoption or revision of certain other corporate policies, such as compensation \"clawback\" policies providing for the recovery of executive compensation in the event of a financial restatement, and\n\u2022\nA provision clarifying the SEC's authority to adopt rules requiring issuers to include in their proxy statements solicitations for shareholder nominations for directors.\nAlthough disclosure requirements for public companies increased under the Dodd-Frank Act, the Company is a \u201csmaller reporting company\u201d and as permitted under the rules and regulations of the SEC, has elected to provide certain scaled disclosures in this Annual Report and in its annual meeting proxy statement, including scaled disclosures regarding executive compensation.\nCOVID-19 Related Legislation and Other Initiatives\nThe CARES Act and other Legislation.\n In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the CARES Act was signed into law in March, 2020 to provide national emergency economic relief measures. In March 2021 the American Rescue Plan Act was signed into law, providing additional COVID-19 relief measures. Many of the federal government's COVID-19 related programs are dependent upon the direct involvement of U.S financial institutions and have been implemented through rules and guidance adopted by federal departments and agencies, including the U.S Department of Treasury, the Federal Reserves, and other federal banking agencies. As the COVID-19 pandemic evolves, additional regulatory guidance continues to be issued. The Company will continue to assess the impact of the CARES Act and other legislation and regulatory guidance related to the COVID-19 pandemic. \nPaycheck Protection Program.\n Section 1102 of the CARES Act created the PPP, a program administered by the SBA to provide loans to small businesses for payroll and other expenses during the COVID-19 pandemic. These loans are eligible to be forgiven if certain conditions are satisfied and are fully guaranteed by the SBA. Additionally, loan payments were deferred for the first six months of the loan term. The PPP commenced on April 3, 2020 and was initially available to qualified borrowers through August 8, 2020. No collateral or personal guarantees were required. Neither the government nor lenders are permitted to charge the recipients any fees.  On December 27, 2020, the President signed into law omnibus federal spending and economic stimulus legislation titled the \"Consolidated Appropriations Act\" that included the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits, and Venues Act (the \"HHSB Act\"). Among other things, the HHSB Act renewed the PPP, allocating $284.45 billion for both new first time PPP loans under the existing PPP and the expansion of existing PPP loans for certain qualified, existing PPP borrowers. In addition to extending and amending the PPP, the HHSB Act also created a new grant program for \"Shuttered venue operators.\" The Company will continue to assess the impact of these programs. \nGuidance on Non-TDR Loan Modifications due to COVID-19.\n On March 22, 2020, a statement was issued by our banking regulators and titled the \"Interagency Statement on Loans Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus\" (the \"Interagency Statement\") that encouraged financial institutions to work prudently with borrowers who are or may be unable to meet their contractual payment obligations due to the effects of COVID-19. Additionally, Section 4013 of the CARES Act further provided that a qualified loan modification is exempt by law from classification as a TDR as defined by GAAP, from the period beginning March 1, 2020 until the earlier of December 31, 2020 or the date that is 60 days after the date on which the national emergency concerning the COVID-19 outbreak, declared by the President of the United States under the National Emergencies Act terminates. Section 541 of the \"Consolidated Appropriation Act\" extends this relief to the earlier of January 1, 2022 to 60 days after the national emergency termination date. The Interagency Statement was subsequently revised in April 2020 to clarify the interaction of the original guidance with Section 4013 of the CARES Act, as well as setting forth the banking regulators' views on consumer protection consideration. The Company will continue to assess the impact of this guidance related to the CARES Act and the COVID-19 pandemic. \nBank Holding Company Regulation\nAs a bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the FRB, which has the authority, among other things, to order bank holding companies to cease and desist from unsafe or unsound banking practices; to assess civil money penalties; and to order termination of non-banking activities or termination of ownership and control of a non-banking subsidiary by a bank holding company.\nSource of Strength.\n Under long-standing FRB policy and now codified in the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies, such as Union Bankshares, are required to act as a source of financial and management strength to their subsidiary banks, such as Union, and to commit resources to support them. This support may be called for at times when a bank holding company may not have the required resources to do so.\n8\nAcquisitions and Activities.\n Under the BHCA, the activities of bank holding companies, such as Union Bankshares Inc., and those of companies that they control, such as Union, or in which they hold more than 5% of the voting stock, are limited to banking, managing or controlling banks, furnishing services to or performing services for their subsidiaries, or certain activities that the FRB has determined to be so closely related to banking, managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto.  Satisfactory capital ratios, CRA ratings and anti-money laundering policies are generally prerequisites to obtaining Federal regulatory approval to make acquisitions. Financial holding companies may engage in certain nonbanking activities not permitted for bank holding companies. Union Bankshares Inc. has not elected to become a financial holding company.   \nEnforcement Powers.\n The FRB has the authority to issue cease and desist orders against bank holding companies to prevent or terminate unsafe or unsound banking practices, violations of law and regulations, or conditions imposed by, or violations of agreements with, or commitments to, the FRB. The FRB is also empowered to assess civil money penalties against companies or individuals who violate the BHCA or orders or regulations thereunder, to order termination of nonbanking activities of nonbanking subsidiaries of bank holding companies, and to order termination of ownership and control of a nonbanking subsidiary by a bank holding company.  There are no enforcement actions currently in place against the Company.\nThe FRB has the power to prohibit dividends by bank holding companies if their actions constitute unsafe or unsound practices. The FRB has issued a policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expresses the FRB's view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the company's net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the company's capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition.\nRegulation of Union Bank\nUnion is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the FDIC and the DFR. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FRB may directly examine the subsidiary of the Company. The enforcement powers available to the federal banking regulators include, among other things, the ability to issue cease and desist or removal orders; to terminate insurance of deposits; to assess civil money penalties; to issue directives to increase capital; to place the Bank into receivership; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. The DFR possesses similar enforcement powers under Vermont law. There are no such enforcement actions currently in place against Union.\nDeposit Insurance.\n As a member of the FDIC, the deposits of Union are insured under the Deposit Insurance Fund (\u201cDIF\u201d) maintained by the FDIC up to $250,000 per ownership category. Under applicable federal laws and regulations, deposit insurance premium assessments to the DIF are based on a supervisory risk rating system, with the most favorably rated institutions paying the lowest premiums. Under this assessment system, risk is defined and measured using an institution's supervisory ratings, combined with certain other risk measures, including certain financial ratios and long-term debt issuer ratings. For the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, the Bank's total FDIC insurance assessment expense was $644 thousand.\nBrokered Deposits\n.\n The FDICIA restricts the ability of an FDIC insured bank to accept brokered deposits unless it is a well capitalized institution under FDICIA's prompt corrective action guidelines. Union accepts brokered time and money market deposits primarily through its membership with the IntraFi Network in CDARS and ICS, respectively. Additionally, Union has established an account with one of its approved investment brokers to accept brokered deposits as an approved liquidity source. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 allows the Company to hold reciprocal deposits up to 20 percent of total liabilities without those deposits being treated as brokered for regulatory purposes.\nCommunity Reinvestment Act (\"CRA\").\n Union is subject to the federal CRA, which requires banks to demonstrate their commitment to serving the credit needs of low and moderate income residents of their communities. Union participates in a variety of direct and indirect lending programs and other investments for the benefit of low and moderate income residents in its local communities. The FDIC conducts examinations of insured banks' compliance with CRA requirements and rates institutions as \"Outstanding,\" \"Satisfactory,\" \"Needs to Improve,\" and \"Substantial NonCompliance.\" Failure of an institution to receive at least a \"Satisfactory\" CRA rating could adversely affect its ability to undertake certain activities, such as branching and acquisitions of other financial institutions, which require regulatory approval based, in part, on the institution's record of CRA compliance. In addition, failure of a bank subsidiary to receive at least a \"Satisfactory\" rating would disqualify a bank holding company from eligibility to become or remain a financial holding company under the GLBA. Union has received an \"Outstanding\" rating from its most recent CRA compliance examination by the FDIC.\nFederal Reserve Board Policies.\n \nThe monetary policies and regulations of the FRB have had a significant effect on the operating results of banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. FRB policies affect the levels of bank earnings on loans and investments and the levels of interest paid on bank deposits and borrowings through the Federal Reserve System's open-market operations in United States government securities, regulation of the discount rate and terms on bank borrowings from Federal Reserve Banks. \n9\nCapital Adequacy and Safety and Soundness\n \nCapital Adequacy Guidelines.\n \nThe FDIC and other federal bank regulatory agencies adopted a final rule for leverage and risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets which is consistent with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision under the so-called Basel III framework and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that became effective on January 1, 2015. Among other things, the rule established a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio with a minimum requirement of 4.5%, increased the minimum Tier 1 risk based ratio from 4.0% to 6.0%, and assigned a higher risk weight of 150% to exposures that are more than 90 days past due or in nonaccrual status as well as certain commercial real estate loans that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. The final rule also required accumulated OCI be included for purposes of calculating regulatory capital unless a one time opt-out election was made during the first quarter of 2015. The Company and Union both made the election. The rule limits a banking organization's capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking organization does not hold a \"capital conservation buffer\" of 2.5% above the minimum capital ratio requirements. \nA financial institution's failure to meet minimum regulatory capital standards can lead to other penalties, including termination of deposit insurance or appointment of a conservator or receiver for the financial institution. Risk based capital ratios are the primary measure of regulatory capital presently applicable to bank holding companies. Risk based capital guidelines are designed to make regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banks and bank holding companies, to account for off-balance-sheet exposure and to minimize disincentives for holding liquid assets.\nFederal bank regulatory agencies require banking organizations that engage in significant trading activity to calculate a capital charge for market risk. Significant trading activity means trading activity of at least 10% of total assets or $1 billion, whichever is smaller, calculated on a consolidated basis for bank holding companies. Federal bank regulators may apply the market risk measure to other bank holding companies, as the agency deems necessary or appropriate for safe and sound banking practices. Each agency may exclude organizations that it supervises that otherwise meet the criteria under certain circumstances. The market risk charge will be included in the calculation of an organization's risk based capital ratio. Neither the Company nor Union is currently subject to this special capital charge.\nPrompt Corrective Action.\n FDICIA, among other things, identifies five capital categories for insured depository institutions (well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized) and requires the respective federal banking agencies to implement systems for \u201cprompt corrective action\u201d for insured depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive constraints on operations, management and capital distributions, depending on the category in which an institution is classified. Failure to meet the capital guidelines could also subject a banking institution to capital raising requirements. An \u201cundercapitalized\u201d bank must develop a capital restoration plan and its parent holding company must guarantee that bank's compliance with the plan. The liability of the parent holding company under any such guarantee is limited to the lesser of 5% of the bank's assets at the time it became undercapitalized or the amount needed to comply with the plan. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of the parent holding company, such guarantee would take priority over the parent's general unsecured creditors. In addition, FDICIA requires the various federal banking agencies to prescribe certain noncapital standards for safety and soundness related generally to operations and management, asset quality and executive compensation, and permits regulatory action against a financial institution that does not meet such standards.\nThe various federal banking agencies have adopted substantially similar regulations that define the five capital categories identified by FDICIA, using the Tier 1 Capital, Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Total Capital and Leverage Ratios as the relevant capital measures. Such regulations establish various degrees of corrective action to be taken when an institution is considered undercapitalized. Under the regulations as in effect during 2021, a \u201cwell capitalized\u201d institution must have a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.0%, a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5%, a total capital ratio of at least 10% and a leverage ratio of at least 5% and not be subject to a capital directive order. \nAt December\u00a031, 2021, Union's  Tier I and Total Risk Based Capital Ratios were 14.1% and 15.3% respectively, and its Leverage Capital Ratio was 8.4%, and it is considered well capitalized under applicable regulatory guidelines in effect as of such date.\nSafety and Soundness Standards.\n \nFDICIA, as amended, directs each Federal banking agency to prescribe safety and soundness standards for depository institutions relating to internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, asset quality, earnings and stock valuation. The Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 amended FDICIA by allowing Federal banking regulators to publish guidelines rather than regulations concerning safety and soundness.\nFDICIA also contains a variety of other provisions that may affect Union's operations, including reporting requirements, regulatory guidelines for real estate lending, \u201ctruth in savings\u201d disclosure provisions, and a requirement to provide 90 days prior notice to customers and regulatory authorities before closing any branch.  Union is subject to \u00a7112 of FDICIA, which requires an additional annual reporting to the FDIC, FRB, and DFR regarding preparation of the annual financial statements, the \n10\nmaintenance of an internal control structure for financial reporting and compliance with certain designated banking laws, as well as imposition of increased responsibilities on the Company's external auditor and audit committee.\nDividend Restrictions\nAs a bank holding company, the Company's ability to pay dividends to its stockholders is largely dependent on the ability of its subsidiary to pay dividends to it. Payment of dividends by Vermont-chartered banks, such as Union, is subject to applicable state and federal laws. Under Vermont banking laws, a Vermont-chartered bank may not authorize dividends or other distributions that would reduce the bank's capital below the amount of capital required in the bank's Certificate of General Good or under any capital or surplus standards established by the Commissioner of the DFR. Union does not have any capital restrictions in its Certificate of General Good and, to date, the Commissioner of the DFR has not adopted capital or surplus standards. Nevertheless, the capital standards established by the FDIC, described above under \"Prompt Corrective Action\" apply to Union, and the capital standards of the FRB apply to the Company on a consolidated basis. In addition, the FRB, the FDIC and the Commissioner of the DFR are authorized under applicable federal and state laws to prohibit payment of dividends that are determined to be an unsafe or unsound practice. Payment of dividends that significantly deplete the capital of a bank or a bank holding company, or render it illiquid, could be found to be an unsafe or unsound practice. Further, the Basel III capital standards limit a financial institution's ability to pay dividends if it does not maintain a required capital conservation buffer.\nConsumer Protection Regulation\nThe Company and Union are subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect consumers and prohibit unfair or deceptive business practices, including, but not limited to, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Home Ownership Protection Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (the \u201cFACT Act\u201d), GLBA, the Truth in Lending Act, CRA, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the National Flood Insurance Act and various state law counterparts. Union is also subject to laws and regulations to protect consumers in connection with their deposit or electronic transactions. These laws include the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and the Expedited Funds Availability Act.  These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must interact with customers when taking deposits, making loans, collecting loans and providing other services. Further, the Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB, which has the responsibility for making rules and regulations under the federal consumer protection laws relating to financial products and services. The CFPB also has a broad mandate to prohibit unfair or deceptive acts and practices and is specifically empowered to require certain disclosures to consumers and draft model disclosure forms under the various federal consumer protection laws. The CFPB is charged with enforcing consumer protection laws against banks with assets in excess of $10 billion, while community banks continue to be subject to the enforcement authority of their primary regulator. This supervisory structure may lead to conflicting regulatory guidance for community banks versus larger banks and increase regulatory costs and burdens. Failure to comply with consumer protection laws and regulations can subject financial institutions to enforcement actions, fines and other penalties. \nThe Dodd-Frank Act prescribes certain standards that mortgage lenders must consider before making a residential mortgage loan, including verifying a borrower\u2019s ability to repay such mortgage loan, and allows borrowers to assert violations of certain provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act as a defense to foreclosure proceedings. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, prepayment penalties are prohibited for certain mortgage transactions and creditors are prohibited from financing credit life/disability insurance policies in connection with a residential mortgage loan or home equity line of credit. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act prohibits mortgage originators from receiving compensation based on the terms of residential mortgage loans and generally limits the ability of a mortgage originator to be compensated by others if compensation is received from a consumer. The Dodd-Frank Act requires mortgage lenders to make additional disclosures prior to the extension of credit, in each billing statement, and for negative amortization loans and hybrid adjustable rate mortgages. Additionally, the CFPB adopted rules and forms that combine certain disclosures that consumers receive in connection with applying for and closing on a residential mortgage loan under the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (Regulation X), also known as the TILA and RESPA Integrated Disclosures, or TRID. TRID established new disclosure timing requirements and applies to most closed-end consumer credit transactions secured by real property. \nPrivacy and Customer Information Security.\n The GLBA requires financial institutions to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. In general, we must provide our consumer customers with a disclosure that explains our policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information. We must also provide an updated notice if we change our information-sharing practices. Except as otherwise required or permitted by law, we are prohibited from disclosing nonpublic personal information except as provided in such policies and procedures. The GLBA also requires that we develop, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information (as defined under the GLBA), to protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; and to protect \n11\nagainst unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. We are also required to send a notice to customers whose \u201csensitive information\u201d has been compromised if unauthorized use of this information is \u201creasonably possible.\u201d Most of the states, including the states where we operate, have enacted legislation concerning breaches of data security and our duties in response to a data breach. Congress continues to consider federal legislation that would require consumer notice of data security breaches. Pursuant to the FACT Act, we have developed and implemented a written identity theft prevention program to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of certain accounts or certain existing accounts. \nHome Mortgage Disclosure Act (\u201cHMDA\u201d).\n \nHMDA makes information available to the public that helps to show whether financial institutions are serving the housing credit needs of their neighborhoods and communities. The Act requires institutions to gather and compile data about loan applications secured by a lien on a residential dwelling for home purchase, home improvement, refinances and certain other borrowing purposes. The information must be compiled each calendar year on a Loan/Application Register, and submitted to the FFIEC by March 1st of the following year and made available to the public no later than March 31st. The Federal Financial Institutions Examinations Council prepares a series of tables that comprise the disclosure statement for each reporting institution. HMDA applies to financial institutions that have their main office or any branch in a Metropolitan Statistical Area (\"MSA\").  Union is subject to HMDA as it has branch offices within the Burlington, Vermont MSA. \nRegulation of Other Activities\nTransactions with Related Parties.\n \nThe Company's and Union's authority to extend credit, purchase or sell an asset from or to their directors, executive officers and 10% or more stockholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is governed by the requirements of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O of the FRB thereunder. Among other things, these provisions require that extensions of credit to insiders (i) be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features and (ii) not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based in part, on the amount of the bank's capital. Under applicable guidelines, any related party transaction, including a loan, must be reviewed by the Company's Audit Committee. In addition, under the federal SOX Act (discussed below), the Company, itself, may not extend or arrange for any personal loans to its directors and executive officers. The Company has a Related Persons Transactions Approval Policy administered by the Company's Audit Committee which incorporates applicable regulatory guidelines and requirements.\nInterstate Banking.\n The Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 authorized an adequately capitalized and managed bank holding company to acquire banks based outside its home state, generally without regard to whether the state's law would permit the acquisition, and also authorized banks to merge across state lines thereby creating interstate branches. In addition, this Act authorized banks to acquire existing interstate branches (short of merger) or to establish new interstate branches. States were given the right, exercisable before June 1, 1997, to prohibit altogether or impose certain limitations on interstate mergers and the acquisition or establishment of interstate branches. The Dodd-Frank Act removed remaining state law impediments to de novo interstate branching. Although interstate banking and branching may have resulted in increased competitive pressures in the markets in which the Company operates, interstate branching may also present competitive opportunities for locally-owned and managed banks, such as Union, that are familiar with the local markets and that emphasize personal service and prompt, local decision-making. The ability to branch interstate has also benefited Union, as it permitted the expansion of its banking operations into New Hampshire, with the conversion of its loan production office in Littleton to a full service branch in March of 2006, the May 2011 acquisition of three New Hampshire branches, the opening of a full service branch in Lincoln in 2014, and the opening of a loan production office in North Conway in 2018.\nAffiliate Restrictions.\n \nBank holding companies and their affiliates are subject to certain restrictions under the Federal Reserve Act in their dealings with each other, such as in connection with extensions of credit, transfers of assets, and purchase of services among affiliated parties.  The Dodd-Frank Act further tightened these restrictions.  Generally, loans or extensions of credit, issuances of guarantees or letters of credit, investments or purchases of assets by a subsidiary bank from a bank holding company or its affiliates are limited to 10% of the bank's capital and surplus (as defined by federal regulations) with respect to each affiliate and to 20% in the aggregate for all affiliates, and borrowings are also subject to certain collateral requirements. These transactions, as well as other transactions between a subsidiary bank and its holding company or other affiliates must generally be on arms-length terms, that is, on terms comparable to those involving nonaffiliated companies. Further, under the Federal Reserve Act and FRB regulations, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tie-in-arrangements in connection with extensions of credit or lease or sale of property, furnishing of property or services to third parties. The Company and Union are subject to these restrictions in their intercompany transactions.\nBank Secrecy Act\n.\n Union is subject to federal laws establishing record keeping, customer identification and reporting requirements pertaining to large or suspicious cash transactions,  purchases of other monetary instruments and the international \n12\ntransfer of cash or monetary instruments that may signify money laundering. Provisions designed to help combat international terrorism, were added to the Bank Secrecy Act by the 2001 USA Patriot Act. These provisions require banks to avoid establishing or maintaining correspondent accounts of foreign off-shore banks and banks in jurisdictions that have been found to fall significantly below international anti-money laundering standards. U.S. banks are also prohibited from opening correspondent accounts for off-shore shell banks, defined as banks that have no physical presence and that are not part of a regulated and recognized banking company. The USA Patriot Act requires all financial institutions to adopt an anti-money laundering program and to establish due diligence policies, procedures and controls that are reasonably designed to detect and report instances of money laundering in United States private banking accounts and correspondent accounts maintained for non-U.S. persons or their representatives. Effective May 11, 2018, banks are required to comply with enhanced customer due diligence regulations requiring collection of information on beneficial owners and control persons of legal entity customers.\nThe due diligence requirements issued by the Department of Treasury require minimum standards to verify customer identity and maintain accurate records, encourage information sharing cooperation among financial institutions, federal banking agencies and law enforcement authorities regarding possible money laundering or terrorist activities, prohibit the anonymous use of \u201cconcentration accounts\u201d and require all covered financial institutions to have in place an anti-money laundering compliance program. In addition, the USA Patriot Act amended certain provisions of the federal Right to Financial Privacy Act to facilitate the access of law enforcement to bank customer records in connection with investigating international terrorism. The Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering statutory regime was significantly amended by the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (\u201cAMLA\u201d), which became effective on January 1, 2021. Among other provisions, AMLA establishes a new beneficial ownership database, codifies various information-sharing practices among financial institutions, law enforcement and FinCEN that have developed since enactment of the USA Patriot Act, enhances law enforcement subpoena powers with regard to foreign financial institutions that maintain correspondent accounts in the United States, and emphasizes the use of technology and automation in identifying financial crimes.\nThe USA Patriot Act also amended the BHC Act and the Bank Merger Act to require the federal banking agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution's anti-money laundering program when reviewing applications under these acts for mergers, acquisitions, and certain other expansion activities.\nSOX Act.\n This far reaching federal legislation, enacted in 2002, was generally intended to protect investors by strengthening corporate governance and improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures made pursuant to federal securities laws. The SOX Act includes provisions addressing, among other matters, the duties, functions and qualifications of audit committees for all public companies; certification of financial statements by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer; the forfeiture of bonuses or other incentive-based compensation and profits from the sale of an issuer\u2019s securities by directors and senior officers in the twelve month period following initial publication of any financial statements that later require restatement; disclosure of off-balance sheet transactions; a prohibition on personal loans to directors and officers, except (in the case of banking companies) loans in the normal course of business; expedited filing requirements for reports of beneficial ownership of company stock by insiders; disclosure of a code of ethics for senior officers, and of any change or waiver of such code; the formation of a public accounting oversight board; auditor independence; disclosure of fees paid to the company's auditors for non-audit services and limitations on the provision of such services; attestation requirements for company management and external auditors, relating to internal controls and procedures; and various increased criminal penalties for violations of federal securities laws.\nNASDAQ.\n In response to the SOX Act, the NASDAQ Exchange on which the Company's common stock is listed, implemented comprehensive corporate governance listing standards, including rules strengthening director independence requirements for boards and committees of the board, the director nomination process and shareholder communication avenues. These rules require the Company to annually certify to the NASDAQ, after each annual meeting, that the Company is in compliance and will continue to comply with the NASDAQ corporate governance requirements. \nTaxing Authorities\n.\n The Company and Union are subject to income taxes at the Federal level and are individually subject to state taxation based on the laws of each state in which they operate. The Company and Union file a consolidated federal tax return with a calendar year end. The Company and Union have filed separate tax returns for each state jurisdiction affected for 2020 and will do the same for 2021. No tax return is currently being examined or audited by any taxing authority that the Company is aware of. The taxing authorities also regulate the information reporting requirements that Union is subject to, and which continue to increase and require resources to comply with.\nAvailable Information \nThe Company files annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other documents with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the \u201cExchange Act\u201d). These reports, proxy statements, and other documents are available to the public on the internet website maintained by the SEC at \nwww.sec.gov.\nOur Internet website address is \nwww.ublocal.com\n. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d), proxy \n13\nstatements filed pursuant to Section 14(a) and reports filed pursuant to Section 16, 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge through the Investor Relations page of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report.\nThe Company will also provide copies of this 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, free of charge, upon written request to its Treasurer at the Company's main address, PO Box 667, Morrisville, VT 05661-0667. Shareholder meeting materials for our 2022 Annual Meeting are available at \nwww.materials.proxyvote.com/905400\n no later than the date on which they are mailed to shareholders.", "item1a": ">Item 1A. Risk Factors\nAn investment in the Company involves risk, some of which, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, compliance, reputational and strategic risks, could be substantial and is inherent in our business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Company are described below. Any of the following risks could affect the Company\u2019s financial condition and results of operations and could be material and/or adverse in nature. You should consider all of the following risks together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nCredit and Interest Rate Risks\nOur loans are concentrated in certain areas of Vermont and New Hampshire and adverse conditions in those markets could adversely affect our operations.\nWe are exposed to real estate and economic factors throughout Vermont and New Hampshire.   Further, because a substantial portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate in Vermont and New Hampshire, the value of the associated collateral is subject to real estate market conditions in those states and in the northern New England region more generally. Adverse economic, political and business developments or natural hazards may affect these areas and the ability of property owners in these areas to make payments of principal and interest on the underlying mortgages.  If these areas experience adverse economic, political or business conditions, or significant natural hazards, we would likely experience higher rates of loss and delinquency on our loan portfolio than if the portfolio were more geographically diverse.\nIf our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our earnings could decrease.\nWe make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. On a quarterly basis the allowance for loan loss is presented to Union's Board of Directors for discussion, review, and approval.  We rely on our loan reviews, our experience, and our evaluation of economic conditions, among other factors, in determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses. If our assumptions prove to be incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover the losses we could experience, resulting in additions to our allowance and a related charge to our income. In addition, bank regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.\nOur commercial, commercial real estate and construction loan portfolio may expose us to increased credit risks.\nAt December\u00a031, 2021, approximately 50% of our loan portfolio was comprised of commercial and commercial real estate loans. In general, commercial and commercial real estate loans have historically posed greater credit risks than owner occupied residential mortgage loans.\u00a0The repayment of commercial real estate loans depends on the business and financial condition of borrowers. Economic events and changes in government regulations, which we and our borrowers cannot control or reliably predict, could have an adverse impact on the cash flows generated by the businesses and properties securing our commercial and commercial real estate loans and on the values of the collateral securing those loans. Repayment of commercial loans depends substantially on the borrowers\u2019 underlying business, financial condition and cash flows.\u00a0Commercial loans are generally collateralized by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable and other fixed assets.\u00a0\u00a0Compared to real estate, that type of collateral is more difficult to monitor, its value is harder to ascertain, it may depreciate more rapidly and it may not be as readily saleable if repossessed.\nChanges in interest rates and interest rate volatility may reduce our profitability.\nOur consolidated earnings and financial condition are primarily dependent upon net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned from loans and investments and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Net interest income can be affected significantly by changes in market interest rates. In particular, changes in relative interest rates may reduce our net interest income as the difference between interest income and interest expense decreases. As a result, we have adopted asset and liability management policies to minimize the potential adverse effects of changes in interest rates on net interest income, primarily by altering the mix and maturity of loans, investments and funding sources. However, there can be no assurance that a \n14\nchange in interest rates will not negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. Because market interest rates may change by differing magnitudes and at different times, significant changes in interest rates over an extended period of time could reduce overall net interest income. A prolonged low interest rate environment could  also have a negative impact on our results of operations due to continued asset yield compression. Asset yield compression could outpace funding cost relief as deposit costs are nearing implied floor levels while assets continue to adjust downward in the low rate environment. If the yield on average earning assets decreases at a rate greater than the yields on interest-bearing liabilities, net interest income will be negatively affected.\nOur cost of funds for banking operations may increase as a result of loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix.\nDeposits are a lower cost and stable source of funding. We compete with banks and other financial institutions for deposits. Funding costs may increase if we lose deposits and are forced to replace them with more expensive sources of funding, if customers shift their deposits into higher cost products or if we need to raise interest rates to avoid losing deposits. Higher funding costs reduce our net interest margin, net interest income and net income.\nWholesale funding sources may prove insufficient to replace deposits at maturity and support our operations and future growth.\nWe and our bank subsidiary must maintain sufficient funds to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers. To manage liquidity, we draw upon a number of funding sources in addition to core deposit growth and repayments and maturities of loans and investments. These sources include FHLB advances, liquidity lines of credit with correspondent banks, proceeds from the sale of investments and loans, and liquidity resources at the holding company. Our ability to manage liquidity will be severely constrained if we are unable to maintain access to funding or if adequate financing is not available to accommodate future growth at acceptable costs. In addition, if we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our revenues may not increase proportionately to cover our costs. In this case, operating margins and profitability would be adversely affected. Turbulence in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with us.\nPrepayments of loans may negatively impact our business\n.\nGenerally, our customers may prepay the principal amount of their outstanding loans at any time. The speed at which such prepayments occur, as well as the size of such prepayments, are within our customers\u2019 discretion. If customers prepay the principal amount of their loans, and we are unable to lend those funds to other borrowers or invest the funds at the same or higher interest rates, our interest income will be reduced. A significant reduction in interest income could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.\nEnvironmental liability associated with our lending activities could result in losses.\nIn the course of business, we may acquire, through foreclosure, properties securing loans we have originated or purchased that are in default. Particularly in commercial real estate lending, there is a risk that material environmental violations could be discovered at these properties. In this event, we might be required to remedy these violations at the affected properties at our sole cost and expense. The cost of remedial action could substantially exceed the value of affected properties. We may not have adequate remedies against the prior owners or other responsible parties and could find it difficult or impossible to sell the affected properties. These events could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.\nRisks Relating to Regulation of the Industry\nWe operate in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in laws, regulations and monetary policy.\nWe are subject to regulation and supervision by the FRB and Union Bank is subject to regulation and supervision by the FDIC and the DFR. Federal and state laws and regulations govern numerous matters affecting us, including changes in the ownership or control of banks and bank holding companies, maintenance of adequate capital and sound financial condition, branching activities, permissible types, amounts and terms of loans and investments, permissible nonbanking activities, the level of reserves against deposits and restrictions on dividend payments. The FDIC and the DFR possess the power to issue cease and desist orders against banks subject to their jurisdiction to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound banking practices or violations of law, and the FRB possesses similar powers with respect to bank holding companies. These and other restrictions limit the manner in which we may conduct business and obtain financing.\nWe are also affected by the monetary policies of the FRB. Changes in monetary or legislative policies may affect the interest rates we must offer to attract deposits and the interest rates we must charge on our loans, as well as the manner in which we offer deposits and make loans. These monetary policies have had, and are expected to continue to have, significant effects on the operating results of depository institutions generally, including Union Bank.\n15\nThe laws, rules, regulations, and supervisory guidance and policies applicable to us are subject to regular modification and change. It is impossible to predict the competitive impact that any such changes would have on the banking and financial services industry in general or on our business in particular. Such changes may, among other things, increase the cost of doing business, limit permissible activities, or affect the competitive balance between banks and other financial institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act instituted major changes to the banking and financial institutions regulatory regimes in light of government intervention in the financial services sector. Other changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations, or policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, and/or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.\nAdditional requirements imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act could adversely affect us.\nThe Dodd-Frank Act comprehensively reformed the regulation of financial institutions, products and services. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB as an independent bureau of the FRB. The CFPB has the authority to prescribe rules for all depository institutions governing the provision of consumer financial products and services, which may result in rules and regulations that reduce the profitability of such products and services or impose greater costs and restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. The Dodd-Frank Act also established new minimum mortgage underwriting standards for residential mortgages, and the regulatory agencies have focused on the examination and supervision of mortgage lending and servicing activities.\nThe CFPB\u2019s qualified mortgage rule, or \u201cQM Rule,\u201d became effective on January 10, 2014. The QM Rule requires mortgage lenders, prior to originating most residential mortgage loans, to make a determination of a borrower\u2019s ability to repay the loan and establishes protections from liability under this requirement for so-called \u201cqualified mortgages\u201d that meet certain heightened criteria.  If a mortgage lender does not appropriately establish a borrower\u2019s ability to repay the loan, the borrower may be able to assert against the originator of the loan or any subsequent transferee, as a defense to foreclosure by way of recoupment or setoff, a violation of the ability-to-repay requirement.  Loans that meet the definition of \u201cqualified mortgage\u201d will be presumed to have complied with the ability-to-repay standard. Although amendments to the QM Rule adopted by the CFPB in March 2021 will make it less challenging for a loan to meet the definition, the QM Rule and related ability-to-repay requirements and similar rules could nevertheless still limit Union's ability to make certain types of loans or loans to certain borrowers, or could make it more expensive and time-consuming to make these loans, which could limit the Bank\u2019s growth or profitability.\nCurrent and future legal and regulatory requirements, restrictions, and regulations, including those imposed under the Dodd-Frank Act, may adversely impact our profitability and may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations; may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes required by the legislation and related regulations; and may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and employees.\nWe may become subject to more stringent capital requirements.\nThe federal banking agencies issued a joint final rule, or the \u201cFinal Capital Rule,\u201d that implemented the Basel III capital standards and established the minimum capital levels required under the Dodd-Frank Act which became effective as of January 1, 2015. The Final Capital Rule\u00a0established a minimum common equity Tier I capital ratio of 6.5% of risk-weighted assets for a \u201cwell capitalized\u201d institution and increased the minimum Tier I capital ratio for a \u201cwell capitalized\u201d institution from 6.0% to 8.0%. Additionally, subject to a transition period, the Final Capital Rule\u00a0requires an institution to maintain a 2.5% common equity Tier I capital conservation buffer over the 6.5% minimum risk-based capital requirement for \u201cadequately capitalized\u201d institutions, or face restrictions on the ability to pay dividends or discretionary bonuses, and engage in share repurchases. The Final Capital Rule\u00a0increased the required capital for certain categories of assets, including high-volatility construction real estate loans and certain exposures related to securitizations; however, the Final Capital Rule\u00a0retained the current capital treatment of residential mortgages. Under the Final Capital Rule, we made a one-time, permanent election to continue to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income from capital. If we had not made this election, unrealized gains and losses would be included in the calculation of our regulatory capital. An increase in the amount of capital that the Company or Union must maintain in order to support a given level of assets would reduce the amount of leverage that our capital could support and increased volatility could be problematic. Our ability to increase our level of interest earning assets or to allocate those assets in the best manner to generate interest income may be adversely affected. \nWe may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations, possibly even inadvertent or unintentional violations.\n\u00a0\nWe maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance \n16\nwas inadvertent or unintentional and even though there was in place at the time systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance. For example, we are subject to regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, or \u201cOFAC,\u201d that prohibit financial institutions from participating in the transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain foreign countries and designated nationals of those countries and certain other persons or entities whose interest in property is blocked by OFAC-administered sanctions. OFAC may impose penalties for inadvertent or unintentional violations even if reasonable processes are in place to prevent the violations. There may be other negative consequences resulting from a finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities. Such a finding may also damage our reputation and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in our securities.\nWe face significant legal risks, both from regulatory investigations and proceedings and from private actions brought against us.\nFrom time to time we are named as a defendant or are otherwise involved in various legal proceedings. There is no assurance that litigation with private parties will not increase in the future. Future actions against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious reputational harm to us. As a participant in the financial services industry, we are exposed to a high level of litigation related to our businesses and operations.   Although we maintain insurance, the scope of this coverage may not provide us with full, or even partial, coverage in any particular case.  As a result, a judgment against us in any such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation.\nOur businesses and operations are also subject to increasing regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which could lead to regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. These and other initiatives from federal and state officials could result in judgments, settlements, fines or penalties, or cause us to be required to restructure our operations and activities, all of which could lead to reputational damage, or higher operational costs, thereby reducing our revenue.\nChanges in accounting standards can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations.\nOur accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, the FASB changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be hard to anticipate and implement and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. For example, effective for the Company in 2023, the FASB\u2019s current financial instruments project will significantly change the way the Company's loan loss provision is determined, from an incurred loss model to an expected loss model.\nOur financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates, which, if wrong, could cause unexpected losses in the future.\nPursuant to GAAP, we are required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves related to litigation and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. If the assumptions or estimates underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses.\nRisks Relating to the Company's Stock\nIf we do not maintain net income growth, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected.\nOur return on stockholders\u2019 equity and other measures of profitability, which affect the market price of our common stock, depend in part on our continued growth and expansion. Our growth strategy has two principal components: internal growth and external growth. Our ability to generate internal growth is affected by the competitive factors described below as well as by the primarily rural characteristics and related demographic features of the markets we serve. Our ability to continue to identify and invest in suitable acquisition candidates on acceptable terms is an important component of our external growth strategy. In pursuing acquisition opportunities, we may be in competition with other companies having similar growth strategies. As a result, we may not be able to identify or acquire promising acquisition candidates on acceptable terms. Competition for these acquisitions could result in increased acquisition prices and a diminished pool of acquisition opportunities. An inability to find suitable acquisition candidates at reasonable prices could slow our growth rate and have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock.\nWe are a holding company and depend on Union Bank for dividends, distributions and other payments.\nWe are a legal entity that is separate and distinct from Union Bank. Our revenue (on a parent company only basis) is derived primarily from interest and dividends paid to us by Union Bank. Our right, and consequently the right of our shareholders, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary through the payment of such dividends or otherwise is necessarily subject to the prior claims of creditors (including depositors, in the case of Union Bank), except to the extent that certain claims of Union in a creditor capacity may be recognized.\n17\nOur stockholders may not receive dividends on our common stock.\nHolders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, as and if declared by our board of directors. Although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our board of directors may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. The FRB has the authority to prohibit a bank holding company, such as us, from paying dividends if it deems such payment to be an unsafe or unsound practice. The FDIC has the authority to use its enforcement powers to prohibit Union from paying dividends to us if, in its opinion, the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. Federal law also prohibits the payment of dividends by a bank that will result in the bank failing to meet its applicable capital requirements on a pro forma basis. Further, our ability to pay dividends would be restricted if we do not maintain a required capital conservation buffer under applicable regulatory capital rules. A reduction or elimination of dividends could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.\nWe may need to raise additional capital in the future and such capital may not be available when needed or on acceptable terms.\nAs a bank holding company, we are required by regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations.\u00a0\u00a0We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs.\u00a0\u00a0Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and our financial performance.\u00a0\u00a0We cannot assure you that such capital will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all.\u00a0\u00a0Our inability to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could subject us to certain activity restrictions or to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the regulatory authorities, including limitations on our ability to pay dividends or pursue acquisitions, the issuance by regulatory authorities of a capital directive to increase capital and the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC.\nMarket volatility may impact our business and the value of our common stock.\nOur business performance and the trading price of shares of our common stock may be affected by many factors affecting financial institutions, including volatility in the credit, mortgage and housing markets, the markets for securities relating to mortgages or housing, and the value of debt and mortgage-backed and other securities that we hold in our investment portfolio. Government action and legislation may also impact us and the value of our common stock. We cannot predict what impact, if any, market volatility will have on our business or share price and for these and other reasons our shares of common stock may trade at a price lower than that at which they were purchased.\nCertain provisions of our articles of incorporation may have an anti-takeover effect.\nProvisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and regulations and federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to our shareholders. The combination of these provisions may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.\nOperational Risks\nA failure in or breach of our operational systems, information systems, or infrastructure, or those of our third party vendors and other service providers, may result in financial losses, loss of customers, or damage to our reputation. \nWe rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. In addition, we rely on third parties to provide key components of our infrastructure, including internet connections, and network access. These types of information and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations, and, in some cases, are critical to the operations of certain of our customers. These third parties with which we do business or that facilitate our business activities, including exchanges, clearing firms, financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. Although we have safeguards and business continuity plans in place, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our business and our customers, resulting in financial losses, loss of customers, or damage to our reputation. \nAn interruption or breach in security of our information systems or those related to merchants and third party vendors, including as a result of cyber attacks, could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, or result in financial losses. \nOur technologies, systems, networks and software, and those of other financial institutions have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of cybersecurity threats and attacks, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us. These cybersecurity threats and attacks may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, including customer and company information, malicious code, computer viruses and denial of service \n18\nattacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. These types of threats may result from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties, or from accidental technological failure. Further, to access our products and services our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, has increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. \nOur business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of customer data, including payment card numbers and other personally identifiable information in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract to provide data services. We also maintain important internal company data such as personally identifiable information about our employees and information relating to our operations. The integrity and protection of that customer and company data is important to us. As customer, public, legislative and regulatory expectations and requirements regarding operational and information security have increased, our operations systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. \nOur customers and employees have been, and will continue to be, targeted by parties using fraudulent e-mails and other communications in attempts to misappropriate passwords, payment card numbers, bank account information or other personal information or to introduce viruses to our customers\u2019 computers. These communications may appear to be legitimate messages sent by the Bank or other businesses, but direct recipients to fake websites operated by the sender of the e-mail or request that the recipient send a password or other confidential information via e-mail or download a program. Despite our efforts to mitigate these threats through product improvements, use of encryption and authentication technology to secure online transmission of confidential consumer information, and customer and employee education, such attempted frauds against us or our merchants and our third party service providers remain a serious issue. The pervasiveness of cyber security incidents in general and the risks of cyber-crime are complex and will continue to evolve. \nAlthough we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information systems and have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly cyber-attacks and intrusions, or disruptions will occur in the future, and because the techniques used in such attempts are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. A security breach or other significant disruption could: 1) disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our customers; 2) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our customers, including account numbers and other financial information; 3) result in a violation of applicable privacy, data breach and other laws, subjecting the Bank to additional regulatory scrutiny and exposing the Bank to civil litigation, governmental fines and possible financial liability; 4) require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that result; or 5) harm our reputation or cause a decrease in the number of customers that choose to do business with us or reduce the level of business that our customers do with us. The occurrence of any such failures, disruptions or security breaches could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows as well as damage our brand and reputation. \nAlthough we maintain an insurance policy covering certain cybersecurity risks which we believe provides appropriate coverage for a financial institution of our size and business and technology profile, we cannot provide any assurance that such policy would be sufficient to cover all financial losses or damages we might suffer in the event that we or one of our third party vendors experiences a system failure or suffers a system intrusion or other cyberattack.\nWe may suffer losses as a result of operational risk or technical system failures.\nThe potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our organization. Integral to our performance is the continued efficacy of our internal processes, systems, relationships with third parties and the associates and executives in our day-to-day and ongoing operations. Operational risk also encompasses the failure to implement strategic objectives in a successful, timely and cost-effective manner. Failure to properly manage operational risk subjects us to risks of loss that may vary in size, scale and scope, including loss of customers, operational or technical failures, unlawful tampering with our technical systems, ineffectiveness or exposure due to interruption in third party support, as well as the loss of key individuals or failure on the part of key individuals to perform properly. Although we seek to mitigate operational risk through a system of internal controls, losses from operational risk could take the form of explicit charges, increased operational costs, harm to our reputation or foregone opportunities.\n19\nWe rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure.\nThird party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure such as internet connections, network access and core application processing. While we have selected these third party vendors carefully, we do not control their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including as a result of their not providing us their services for any reason or their performing their services poorly, could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers or otherwise conduct our business efficiently and effectively. Replacing these third party vendors could also entail significant business disruption, delay and expense.\nStrategic Risks\nCompetition in the local banking industry may impair our ability to attract and retain customers at current levels.\nCompetition in the markets in which we operate may limit our ability to attract and retain customers. In particular, we compete for loans, deposits and other financial products and services with local independent banks, thrift institutions, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, trust companies, mutual funds, insurance companies and brokerage and investment banking firms operating locally as well as nationally.  Additionally, banks and other financial institutions with larger capitalization, as well as financial intermediaries not subject to bank regulatory restrictions, have larger lending limits and are able to serve the credit and investment needs of larger customers. There is also increased competition by out-of-market competitors through the Internet.   If we are unable to attract and retain customers, we may be unable to continue our loan growth and our results of operations and financial condition may otherwise be negatively impacted.\nWe may incur significant losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies.\nWe seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. While we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application may not be effective and may not anticipate every economic and financial outcome in all market environments or the specifics and timing of such outcomes.\nWe must adapt to information technology changes in the financial services industry, which could present operational issues, require significant capital spending, or impact our reputation. \nThe financial services industry is constantly undergoing technological changes, with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. We invest significant resources in information technology system enhancements in order to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully implement and integrate future system enhancements could adversely impact the ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which could result in sanctions from regulatory authorities. Such sanctions could include fines and suspension of trading in our stock, among others. In addition, future system enhancements could have higher than expected costs and/or result in operating inefficiencies, which could increase the costs associated with the implementation as well as ongoing operations. \nFailure to properly utilize system enhancements that are implemented in the future could result in impairment charges that adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations and could result in significant costs to remediate or replace the defective components. In addition, we may incur significant training, licensing, maintenance, consulting and amortization expenses during and after systems implementations, and any such costs may continue for an extended period of time.\nEconomic Risks\nOur financial condition and results of operations have been adversely affected, and may continue to be adversely affected, by general market and economic conditions.\nWe have been, and continue to be, impacted by general business and economic conditions in the United States and, to a lesser extent, abroad.\u00a0\u00a0These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, money supply, political issues, legislative and regulatory changes, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, broad trends in industry and finance, unemployment and the strength of the U.S. economy and the local economies in which we operate, all of which are beyond our control. Deterioration or continued weakness in any of these conditions could result in increases in loan delinquencies and nonperforming assets, decreases in loan collateral values, the value of our investment portfolio and demand for our products and services.\n20\nGeneral Risks\nWe may be unable to attract and retain key personnel.\nOur success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel.\u00a0\u00a0Competition for qualified personnel in the financial services industry can be intense and we may not be able to hire or retain the key personnel that we depend upon for success.\u00a0\u00a0The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business because of the loss of their skills, knowledge of the markets in which we operate and years of industry experience, and because of the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel.\nWe are subject to reputational risk.\nWe are dependent on our reputation within our market area, as a trusted and responsible financial service provider, for all aspects of our relationships with customers, employees, vendors, third-party service providers, and others, with whom we conduct business or potential future business. Our actual or perceived failure to (a) identify and address potential conflicts of interest, ethical issues, money-laundering, or privacy issues; (b) meet legal and regulatory requirements applicable to the Bank and to the Company; (c) maintain the privacy of customer and accompanying personal information; or (d) maintain adequate record keeping; and (e) identify the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity and market risks inherent in our products, could give rise to reputational risk that could harm our business prospects and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to address any of these issues in an appropriate manner, we could be subject to additional legal risks, which, in turn, could increase the size and number of litigation claims and damages asserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties and cause us to incur related costs and expenses. Our ability to attract and retain customers and employees could be adversely affected to the extent our reputation is damaged.\nWe may be required to write down goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets.\nWhen we acquire a business, a portion of the purchase price of the acquisition may be allocated to goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired determines the amount of the purchase price that is allocated to goodwill acquired. At December\u00a031, 2021, there was no other identifiable intangible asset and our goodwill was approximately $2.2 million. Under current accounting standards, if we determine that goodwill or intangible assets are impaired, we would be required to write down the value of these assets to fair value. We conduct an annual review, or more frequently if events or circumstances warrant such, to determine whether goodwill is impaired. We recently completed our goodwill impairment analysis as of December\u00a031, 2021 and concluded goodwill was not impaired. We conduct a review of our other intangible assets for impairment should events or circumstances warrant. We cannot provide assurance that we will not be required to take an impairment charge in the future. Any impairment charge would have a negative effect on our shareholders\u2019 equity and financial results and may cause a decline in our stock price.\nThe ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and measures intended to prevent its spread could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and such effects will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict.\nThe COVID-19 pandemic has had and continues to have, and another pandemic or public health crisis in the future could have, repercussions across domestic and global economies and financial markets. The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic evolved rapidly and many countries and state and local governments in the United States, including those in which we operate, reacted by instituting government restrictions, border closings, quarantines, \u201cshelter-in-place\u201d orders and \u201csocial distancing\u201d guidelines that, among other things, resulted in a dramatic increase in national unemployment and a significant economic contraction in 2020. Although the United States government took steps to attempt to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects of the pandemic, including the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the \"CARES Act\") in 2020 and the American Rescue Plan Act in 2021, there can be no assurance that such steps will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion.\nThe outbreak has adversely impacted and could further adversely impact our workforce and operations and the operations of our borrowers, customers and business partners. In particular, we may experience financial losses due to a number of operational factors impacting us or our borrowers, customers or business partners, including but not limited to: \n\u2022\ncredit losses resulting from financial stress being experienced by our borrowers as a result of the outbreak and related governmental actions, particularly in the hospitality, health care and senior care, retail, and restaurant industries, but across other industries as well;\n\u2022\ndeclines in collateral values;\n\u2022\nhigher inflation and supply chain disruptions;\n\u2022\nthird party disruptions, including outages in network providers and other vendors;\n21\n\u2022\nincreased cyber and payment fraud risk, as cybercriminals attempt to profit from the disruption, given increased online and remote activity; and\n\u2022\noperational failures due to changes in normal business practices necessitated by the outbreak and related governmental actions.\nThe lingering impacts of these factors may remain prevalent for a significant period of time and may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, which includes capital, liquidity, and asset valuations, even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided.\nThe spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including restricting employee travel, limiting customer access to banking facilities, and developing work from home and social distancing plans for our employees), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus or will otherwise be satisfactory to government authorities.\nThe extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak continues to impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, supply chain disruptions, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of the virus\u2019s global economic impact, including the availability of credit, adverse impacts on our liquidity and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future.\nThere are no comparable recent events that provide guidance as to the effect the spread of COVID-19 as a global pandemic may have, and, as a result, the ultimate impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of the impacts on our business, our operations or the global economy as a whole.", "item7": ">Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\nGENERAL\nThe following discussion and analysis by management focuses on those factors that, in management's view, had a material effect on the consolidated financial position of Union Bankshares, Inc. (\"the Company,\" \"our,\" \"we,\" \"us\") and its subsidiary, Union Bank (\"Union\"), as of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, and its consolidated results of operations for the years then ended.  The Company is considered a \"smaller reporting company\" under the disclosure rules of the SEC.  Accordingly, the Company has elected to provide its audited statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in stockholders' equity for a two year, rather than a three year, period and intends to provide smaller reporting company scaled disclosures where management deems appropriate.  \nThis discussion is being presented to provide a narrative explanation of the consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes and with other financial data contained in Item 8, Part II of this Annual Report. The purpose of this presentation is to enhance overall financial disclosures and to provide information about historical financial performance and developing trends as a means to assess to what extent past performance can be used to evaluate the prospects for future performance. Management is not aware of the occurrence of any events after December\u00a031, 2021 which would materially affect the information presented.\nCERTAIN DEFINITIONS\nCapitalized terms used in the following discussion and not otherwise defined below have the meanings assigned to them in Note 1 to the Company's audited consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, item 8, page 53 of this Annual Report.\nNON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES\nUnder SEC Regulation G, public companies making disclosures containing financial measures that are not in accordance with GAAP must also disclose, along with each non-GAAP financial measure, certain additional information, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as a statement of the company's reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure.\nThe SEC has exempted from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures certain commonly used financial measures that are not based on GAAP. However, two non-GAAP financial measures commonly used by financial institutions, namely tax-equivalent net interest income and tax-equivalent net interest margin (as presented in the tables in the section labeled Yields Earned and Rates Paid), have not been specifically exempted by the SEC, and may therefore constitute non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G. We are unable to state with certainty whether the SEC would regard those measures as subject to Regulation G. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful in evaluating the Company\u2019s financial performance and facilitate comparisons with the performance of other financial institutions. However, that information should be considered supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.\nCRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES\nThe Company has established various accounting policies which govern the application of GAAP i\nn the preparation of the Company's financial statements. Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by management which have a material impact on the reported amount of assets, liabilities, capital, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The SEC has defined a company's critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition \n24\nand results of operations, and which require management to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates on matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, management has identified the accounting policies and judgments most critical to the Company. The judgments and assumptions used by management are based on historical experience and other factors, which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Nevertheless, because the nature of the judgments and assumptions made by management is inherently subject to a degree of uncertainty, actual results could differ from estimates and have a material impact on the carrying value of assets, liabilities, capital, or the results of operations of the Company.\nAllowance for loan losses\nThe Company believes the ALL is a critical accounting policy that requires the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. The amount of the ALL is based on management's periodic evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio, including the nature, volume and risk characteristics of the portfolio, credit concentrations, trends in historical loss experience, estimated value of any underlying collateral, specific impaired loans and economic conditions. Changes in these qualitative factors may cause management's estimate of the ALL to increase or decrease and result in adjustments to the Company's provision for loan losses in future periods.  For additional information, see FINANCIAL CONDITION- Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Quality below.\nOther than temporary impairment of securities\nThe OTTI decision is a critical accounting policy for the Company. Accounting guidance requires a company to perform periodic reviews of individual debt securities in its investment portfolio to determine whether a decline in the value of a security is OTT. A review of OTTI requires management to make certain judgments regarding the cause and materiality of the decline, its effect on the financial statements and the probability, extent and timing of a valuation recovery, the Company's intent and ability to continue to hold the security, and, with respect to debt securities, the likelihood that the Company will have to sell the security before its value recovers. Pursuant to these requirements, management assesses valuation declines to determine the extent to which such changes are attributable to (1) fundamental factors specific to the issuer, such as the nature of the issuer and its financial condition, business prospects or other issuer-specific factors or (2) market-related factors, such as interest rates or equity market declines. Declines in the fair value of debt securities below their costs that are deemed by management to be OTT are recorded in earnings as realized losses to the extent they are deemed credit losses, with noncredit losses recorded in OCI (loss). Once an OTT loss on a debt security is realized, subsequent gains in the value of the security may not be recognized in income until the security is sold.\nMortgage servicing rights\nMSRs associated with loans originated and sold, where servicing is retained, are required to be capitalized and initially recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and are subsequently accounted for using the \u201camortization method\u201d. Mortgage servicing rights are amortized against non-interest income in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated future net servicing income of the underlying financial assets. The value of capitalized servicing rights represents the estimated present value of the future servicing fees arising from the right to service loans for third parties. The carrying value of the mortgage servicing rights is periodically reviewed for impairment based on a determination of estimated fair value compared to amortized cost, and impairment, if any, is recognized through a valuation allowance and is recorded as a reduction of non-interest income. Subsequent improvement (if any) in the estimated fair value of impaired mortgage servicing rights is reflected in a positive valuation adjustment and is recognized in non-interest income up to (but not in excess of) the amount of the prior impairment. Critical accounting policies for mortgage servicing rights relate to the initial valuation and subsequent impairment tests. The methodology used to determine the valuation of mortgage servicing rights requires the development and use of a number of estimates, including anticipated principal amortization and prepayments. Factors that may significantly affect the estimates used are changes in interest rates and the payment performance of the underlying loans. The Company analyzes and accounts for the value of its servicing rights with the assistance of a third party consultant.\nIntangible assets\nThe Company's intangible assets include goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in the 2011 Branch Acquisition.  In accordance with current authoritative guidance, the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company is less than its carrying amount, which could result in goodwill impairment. The Company also recorded acquired identifiable intangible assets in connection with the 2011 Branch Acquisition, representing the core deposit intangible which was subject to straight-line amortization over the estimated 10 years average life of the acquired core deposit base. The core deposit intangible was fully amortized in 2021. \nOther\nThe Company also has other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions, that are significant to understanding the Company's financial condition and results of operations, including investment securities. The \n25\nmost significant accounting policies followed by the Company are presented in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements and in the section below under the caption \u201cFINANCIAL CONDITION\u201d and the subcaptions \u201cAllowance for Loan Losses and Credit Quality\u201d and \u201dInvestment Activities\u201d. Although management believes that its estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information available when such estimates, assumptions and judgments are made and can be impacted by future events and events outside the control of the Company. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions.\nOVERVIEW\nThe Company's consolidated net income was $13.2 million, with basic earnings per share of $2.94 per share, for 2021 compared to $12.8 million, and basic earnings per share of $2.86 per share for 2020. The increase in net income reflects the combined effect of an increase in net interest income of $4.1 million or 13.0%, no provision for loan losses for 2021 compared to a provision of $2.2 million for 2020, partially offset by a decrease in noninterest income of $3.0 million, or 19.0%, and increases in noninterest expenses of $2.7 million, or 8.9%, and the provision for income taxes of $227 thousand, or 9.4%.\nSales of qualifying residential loans to the secondary market for the year ended December 31, 2021 were $216.8 million resulting in gain on sales of $5.0 million, compared to sales of $263.1 million and gain on sales of $8.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.  \nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, the Company had total consolidated assets of $1.2 billion, an increase of 10.2% compared to December\u00a031, 2020.  Total investments increased $162.1 million, or 151.8%, to $269.0 million, or 22.3% of total assets at December\u00a031, 2021 compared to $106.8 million, or 9.8% of total assets, as of December\u00a031, 2020.  Net loans and loans held for sale decreased $1.7 million or 0.2%, to $793.2 million, or 65.8% of total assets, at December\u00a031, 2021, compared to $794.9 million, or 72.7% of total assets, at December\u00a031, 2020. The changes in percentages to total assets for investments and loans for the annual comparison periods was driven by the continued influx of customer deposits and investing those funds to maximize yield as opposed to leaving the monies in Federal Funds sold.  This strategy also impacted the level of federal funds sold for the comparison periods which were $61.3 million at December\u00a031, 2021 compared to $117.4 million at December\u00a031, 2020.\nCustomer deposits, increased $100.8 million, or 10.1%, to reach $1.1 billion at December\u00a031, 2021. The increase was attributable to proceeds from PPP loans deposited into customer accounts at Union and customers' receipt of government stimulus payments. The increase in customer deposit balances also reduced the need for reliance on wholesale funding. There were no borrowed funds at December\u00a031, 2021 compared to $7.2 million at December\u00a031, 2020.  \nAdditionally, in August 2021, the Company completed the private placement of $16.5\u00a0million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 (the \"Notes\") to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes initially bear interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of 3.25% per annum, until September 1, 2026. From and including September 1, 2026, the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal amount due will reset quarterly to the then current three-month secured overnight financing rate (\"SOFR\") plus 263 basis points. The Company may, at its option, beginning with the interest payment date of September 1, 2026 but not generally prior thereto, and on any scheduled interest payment date thereafter, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part.  The Company used the proceeds to provide additional capital to Union to support its growth and for other general corporate purposes.\nThe Company's total capital increased from $80.9 million at December\u00a031, 2020 to $84.3 million at December\u00a031, 2021.  This increase reflects net income of $13.2 million for 2021, partially offset by $5.9 million in regular cash dividends paid and $4.2 million in accumulated other comprehensive income. (See \nCapital Resources\n on pages 43 to 44.)\n26\nThe following per share information and key ratios presented in the table below depict several measurements of performance or financial condition at or for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020:\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\nReturn on average assets\n1.16\u00a0\n%\n1.33\u00a0\n%\nReturn on average equity\n15.92\u00a0\n%\n16.87\u00a0\n%\nNet interest margin (1)\n3.38\u00a0\n%\n3.57\u00a0\n%\nEfficiency ratio (2)\n73.13\u00a0\n%\n62.75\u00a0\n%\nNet interest spread (3)\n3.27\u00a0\n%\n3.40\u00a0\n%\nLoan to deposit ratio\n73.13\u00a0\n%\n80.80\u00a0\n%\nNet (recoveries) charge-offs to total average loans\n(0.01)\n%\n0.01\u00a0\n%\nAllowance for loan losses to loans not held for sale\n1.06\u00a0\n%\n1.07\u00a0\n%\nNonperforming assets to total assets (4)\n0.39\u00a0\n%\n0.27\u00a0\n%\nEquity to assets\n7.00\u00a0\n%\n7.39\u00a0\n%\nTotal capital to risk weighted assets\n15.39\u00a0\n%\n13.87\u00a0\n%\nBook value per share\n$\n18.77\u00a0\n$\n18.05\u00a0\nBasic earnings per share\n$\n2.94\u00a0\n$\n2.86\u00a0\nDiluted earnings per share\n$\n2.92\u00a0\n$\n2.85\u00a0\nDividends paid per share\n$\n1.32\u00a0\n$\n1.28\u00a0\nDividend payout ratio (5)\n44.90\u00a0\n%\n44.76\u00a0\n%\n__________________\n(1)\nThe ratio of tax equivalent net interest income to average earning assets. See page 29 for more information.\n(2)\nThe ratio of noninterest expenses to tax equivalent net interest income and noninterest income, excluding securities gains (losses).\n(3)\nThe difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid on interest bearing liabilities. See page 29  for more information.\n(4)\nNonperforming assets are loans or investment securities that are in nonaccrual or 90 or more days past due as well as OREO or OAO.\n(5)\nCash dividends declared and paid per share divided by consolidated net income per share.\n27\nRESULTS OF OPERATIONS\nFor the year ended December 31, 2021, net income was $13.2 million compared to $12.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The primary components of these results, which include net interest income, provision for loan losses, noninterest income, noninterest expenses, and provision for income taxes, are discussed below:\nNet Interest Income\n.\n The largest component of the Company\u2019s operating income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest and dividend income received from interest earning assets and the interest paid on interest bearing liabilities. Net interest income is affected by various factors, including but not limited to: changes in interest rates, loan and deposit pricing strategies, the volume and mix of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, and the level of nonperforming assets. The net interest margin is calculated as net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis as a percentage of average interest earning assets. \nNet interest income was $35.7 million on a fully tax equivalent basis for 2021, compared to $31.6 million for 2020, an increase of $4.1 million, or 13.0%. The net interest spread decreased 13 bps to 3.27% for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 3.40% for the year ended December 31, 2020, reflecting the net effect of the 30 bps decrease in the average rate paid on interest bearing liabilities and the 43 bps decrease in the average yield earned on interest earning assets between periods. The net interest margin decreased 19 bps to 3.38% for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 3.57% for the year ended December 31, 2020.\nThe average yield on average earning assets was 3.71% for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 4.14% for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 43 bps despite an increase in average earning assets of $171.6 million. The prolonged low interest rate environment continues to put downward pressure on asset yields. Interest income on investment securities increased $791 thousand year over year due to an increase in average balances of $78.1 million between the comparison periods partially offset by a decrease of 65 bps in the average yield.  The average balance of PPP loans was $49.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 with an average yield of 6.67% which takes into account the 1.0% interest charged on PPP loans and related fee income recognized during 2021. Interest income on loans, excluding PPP loans, decreased $69 thousand between comparison periods due to a decrease in the average yield of 34 bps, despite an increase in the average volume of loans outstanding of $52.3 million. The current interest rate environment and competition for quality loans continue to put downward pressure on loan yields. \nThe average cost of funding, which is tied primarily to our customer deposits, decreased 30 bps to 0.44% for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 0.74% for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020. Interest expense decreased $1.6 million to $3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to $5.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in interest expense was primarily due to lower rates paid on interest bearing liabilities, partially offset by an increase in average balances of $106.1 million between periods. Higher customer deposit balances reduced reliance on wholesale funding, as evidenced by decreases of $16.9 million, or 70.5%, in the average balance of borrowed funds and $152 thousand in interest expense between the comparison periods. The issuance of subordinated debt in August of 2021 resulted in an average balance of $6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and an average rate of 3.19% and interest expense of $199 thousand. See the following tables for details.\n28\nThe following table shows for the periods indicated the total amount of tax equivalent interest income from average interest earning assets, the related average tax equivalent yields, the tax equivalent interest expense associated with average interest bearing liabilities, the related tax equivalent average rates paid, and the resulting tax equivalent net interest spread and margin:\nYears Ended December 31,\n2021\n2020\nAverage\nBalance (1)\nInterest\nEarned/\nPaid\nAverage\nYield/\nRate\nAverage\nBalance (1)\nInterest\nEarned/\nPaid\nAverage\nYield/\nRate\n(Dollars in thousands)\nAverage Assets:\nFederal funds sold and overnight deposits\n$\n81,660\u00a0\n$\n100\u00a0\n0.12\u00a0\n%\n$\n47,020\u00a0\n$\n92\u00a0\n0.19\u00a0\n%\nInterest bearing deposits in banks\n13,299\u00a0\n139\u00a0\n1.05\u00a0\n%\n8,919\u00a0\n162\u00a0\n1.81\u00a0\n%\nInvestment securities (2), (3)\n165,424\u00a0\n2,755\u00a0\n1.74\u00a0\n%\n87,352\u00a0\n1,964\u00a0\n2.39\u00a0\n%\nPPP loans, net (4)\n49,929\u00a0\n3,330\u00a0\n6.67\u00a0\n%\n47,069\u00a0\n1,435\u00a0\n3.05\u00a0\n%\nLoans (excluding PPP loans), net (2), (5)\n758,965\u00a0\n32,931\u00a0\n4.38\u00a0\n%\n706,710\u00a0\n33,000\u00a0\n4.72\u00a0\n%\nNonmarketable equity securities\n1,158\u00a0\n18\u00a0\n1.54\u00a0\n%\n1,795\u00a0\n97\u00a0\n5.40\u00a0\n%\nTotal interest earning assets (2)\n1,070,435\u00a0\n39,273\u00a0\n3.71\u00a0\n%\n898,865\u00a0\n36,750\u00a0\n4.14\u00a0\n%\nCash and due from banks\n4,858\u00a0\n5,265\u00a0\nPremises and equipment\n21,302\u00a0\n20,501\u00a0\nOther assets\n37,332\u00a0\n35,910\u00a0\nTotal assets\n$\n1,133,927\u00a0\n$\n960,541\u00a0\nAverage Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity:\nInterest bearing checking accounts\n$\n255,031\u00a0\n$\n586\u00a0\n0.23\u00a0\n%\n$\n197,698\u00a0\n$\n705\u00a0\n0.36\u00a0\n%\nSavings/money market accounts\n416,245\u00a0\n1,644\u00a0\n0.39\u00a0\n%\n330,085\u00a0\n2,191\u00a0\n0.66\u00a0\n%\nTime deposits\n118,145\u00a0\n917\u00a0\n0.78\u00a0\n%\n144,856\u00a0\n1,880\u00a0\n1.30\u00a0\n%\nBorrowed funds and other liabilities\n7,080\u00a0\n219\u00a0\n3.05\u00a0\n%\n24,015\u00a0\n371\u00a0\n1.52\u00a0\n%\nSubordinated notes\n6,244\u00a0\n199\u00a0\n3.19\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nTotal interest bearing liabilities\n802,745\u00a0\n3,565\u00a0\n0.44\u00a0\n%\n696,654\u00a0\n5,147\u00a0\n0.74\u00a0\n%\nNoninterest bearing deposits\n238,572\u00a0\n177,792\u00a0\nOther liabilities\n9,891\u00a0\n10,188\u00a0\nTotal liabilities\n1,051,208\u00a0\n884,634\u00a0\nStockholders' equity\n82,719\u00a0\n75,907\u00a0\nTotal liabilities and stockholders\u2019 equity\n$\n1,133,927\u00a0\n$\n960,541\u00a0\nNet interest income\n$\n35,708\u00a0\n$\n31,603\u00a0\nNet interest spread (2)\n3.27\u00a0\n%\n3.40\u00a0\n%\nNet interest margin (2)\n3.38\u00a0\n%\n3.57\u00a0\n%\n____________________\n(1)\nAverage balances are calculated based on a daily averaging method.\n(2)\nAverage yields reported on a tax equivalent basis using a marginal federal corporate income tax rate of 21%.\n(3)\nAverage balances of investment securities are calculated on the amortized cost basis and include nonaccrual securities, if applicable.\n(4)\nIncludes unamortized costs and unamortized premiums.\n(5)\nIncludes loans held for sale as well as nonaccrual loans, unamortized costs and unamortized premiums and is net of the allowance for loan losses.\n29\nTax exempt interest income amounted to $2.1 million and $2.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table presents the effect of tax exempt income on the calculation of net interest income, using a marginal federal corporate income tax rate of 21% for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n\u00a0\n(Dollars in thousands)\nNet interest income as presented\n$\n35,708\u00a0\n$\n31,603\u00a0\nEffect of tax-exempt interest\nInvestment securities\n125\u00a0\n121\u00a0\nLoans\n299\u00a0\n381\u00a0\nNet interest income, tax equivalent\n$\n36,132\u00a0\n$\n32,105\u00a0\nRate/Volume Analysis. \nThe following table describes the extent to which changes in average interest rates (on a fully  tax equivalent basis) and changes in volume of average interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities have affected the Company's interest income and interest expense during the periods indicated.  For each category of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to:\n\u2022\nchanges in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate); \n\u2022\nchanges in rate (change in rate multiplied by prior volume); and \n\u2022\ntotal change in rate and volume. \nChanges attributable to both rate and volume have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate.\nYear Ended December 31, 2021\nCompared to Year Ended\nDecember 31, 2020\nIncrease/(Decrease) Due to Change In\nYear Ended December 31, 2020\nCompared to Year Ended\nDecember 31, 2019\nIncrease/(Decrease) Due to Change In\nVolume\nRate\nNet\nVolume\nRate\nNet\n(Dollars in thousands)\nInterest earning assets:\nFederal funds sold and overnight deposits\n$\n51\u00a0\n$\n(43)\n$\n8\u00a0\n$\n163\u00a0\n$\n(261)\n$\n(98)\nInterest bearing deposits in banks\n60\u00a0\n(83)\n(23)\n25\u00a0\n(58)\n(33)\nInvestment securities\n1,491\u00a0\n(700)\n791\u00a0\n165\u00a0\n(334)\n(169)\nPPP loans, net\n92\u00a0\n1,803\u00a0\n1,895\u00a0\n1,435\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n1,435\u00a0\nLoans (excluding PPP loans). net\n2,418\u00a0\n(2,487)\n(69)\n2,461\u00a0\n(2,670)\n(209)\nNonmarketable equity securities\n(26)\n(53)\n(79)\n(36)\n(10)\n(46)\nTotal interest earning assets\n$\n4,086\u00a0\n$\n(1,563)\n$\n2,523\u00a0\n$\n4,213\u00a0\n$\n(3,333)\n$\n880\u00a0\nInterest bearing liabilities:\nInterest bearing checking accounts\n$\n172\u00a0\n$\n(291)\n$\n(119)\n$\n119\u00a0\n$\n99\u00a0\n$\n218\u00a0\nSavings/money market accounts\n482\u00a0\n(1,029)\n(547)\n465\u00a0\n(211)\n254\u00a0\nTime deposits\n(303)\n(660)\n(963)\n(17)\n(404)\n(421)\nBorrowed funds\n(365)\n213\u00a0\n(152)\n(281)\n(223)\n(504)\nSubordinated notes\n199\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n199\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal interest bearing liabilities\n$\n185\u00a0\n$\n(1,767)\n$\n(1,582)\n$\n286\u00a0\n$\n(739)\n$\n(453)\nNet change in net interest income\n$\n3,901\u00a0\n$\n204\u00a0\n$\n4,105\u00a0\n$\n3,927\u00a0\n$\n(2,594)\n$\n1,333\u00a0\nProvision for Loan Losses.\n There was no provision for loan losses recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 and $2.2 million recorded for year ended December 31, 2020. The higher provision in 2020 resulted from management's adjustment to the economic qualitative factors utilized to estimate the allowance for loan losses due to the economic disruption related to the COVID-19 pandemic impacting Union's borrowers. No provision for 2021 was deemed appropriate by management based on the size and mix of the loan portfolio, the level of nonperforming loans, the results of the qualitative factor review and \n30\nprevailing economic conditions. For further details, see FINANCIAL CONDITION \nAsset Quality\n and \nAllowance for Loan Losses\n below.\nNoninterest Income.\n The following table sets forth the components of noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 : \n\u00a0\nFor the Years Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n$ Variance\n% Variance\n\u00a0\n(Dollars in thousands)\nTrust income\n$\n808\u00a0\n$\n707\u00a0\n$\n101\u00a0\n14.3\u00a0\nService fees\n6,516\u00a0\n5,924\u00a0\n592\u00a0\n10.0\u00a0\nNet gains on sales of loans held for sale\n4,956\u00a0\n8,168\u00a0\n(3,212)\n(39.3)\nNet gains on sales of investment securities AFS\n\u2014\u00a0\n11\u00a0\n(11)\n(100.0)\nNet (loss) gain on other investments\n(21)\n240\u00a0\n(261)\n(108.8)\nIncome from MSRs, net\n243\u00a0\n542\u00a0\n(299)\n(55.2)\nIncome from Company-owned life insurance\n309\u00a0\n318\u00a0\n(9)\n(2.8)\nOther income\n152\u00a0\n93\u00a0\n59\u00a0\n63.4\u00a0\nTotal noninterest income\n$\n12,963\u00a0\n$\n16,003\u00a0\n$\n(3,040)\n(19.0)\nThe significant changes in noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 are described below:\n\u2022\nTrust income.\n  Trust income increased as dollars in managed fiduciary accounts grew between December\u00a031, 2020 and 2021, aided by the improvement in the stock market during 2021.\n\u2022\nService fees.\n  Service fee income increased $592 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to increases of $395 thousand in ATM network income, $117 thousand in merchant program fee income, $60 thousand loan servicing fee income, and $18 thousand in wire transfer income. \n\u2022\nNet gains on sales of loans held for sale.\n  The Company mitigates long-term interest rate risk by selling qualifying residential loans to the secondary market. Management reduced the volume of loans sold in 2021 compared to 2020 in order to utilize some of Union's excess liquidity. Residential loans totaling $216.8 million were sold to the secondary market during 2021, compared to residential and commercial loan sales of $263.2 million during 2020. The decrease of $3.2 million in net gains on sales of loans held for sale is reflective of the lower sales volumes and lower premiums obtained on those sales.\n\u2022\nNet (loss) gain on other investments.\n  Participants in the 2020 Amended and Restated Nonqualified Excess Plan (the \"2020 Deferred Compensation Plan\") elect to defer receipt of current compensation from the Company or its subsidiary and select designated reference investments consisting of investment funds. The performance of those funds, over which the Company has no control, resulted in net losses of $21 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to net gains of $240 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2020.\n\u2022\nIncome from MSRs, net.\n  Income from MSRs is derived from servicing rights acquired through the sale of loans where servicing is retained. Capitalized servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value and amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, the future estimate of servicing the underlying mortgages. The decrease in the volume of sales of residential loans as discussed above resulted in a decrease in income of $299 thousand for 2021 compared to 2020.\n\u2022\nOther income.\n  The increase in Other income is attributable to $38 thousand in prepayment penalties received from the early payoff of loans during 2021, in addition to an increase of $20 thousand in gains on the utilization of tax credits for 2021 compared to 2020.\n31\nNoninterest Expenses.\n The following table sets forth the components of noninterest expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: \n\u00a0\nFor the Years Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n$ Variance\n% Variance\n\u00a0\n(Dollars in thousands)\nSalaries and wages\n$\n14,448\u00a0\n$\n13,220\u00a0\n$\n1,228\u00a0\n9.3\u00a0\nEmployee benefits\n4,593\u00a0\n4,580\u00a0\n13\u00a0\n0.3\u00a0\nOccupancy expense, net\n1,890\u00a0\n1,805\u00a0\n85\u00a0\n4.7\u00a0\nEquipment expense\n3,447\u00a0\n3,057\u00a0\n390\u00a0\n12.8\u00a0\nVermont franchise tax\n968\u00a0\n759\u00a0\n209\u00a0\n27.5\u00a0\nProfessional fees\n922\u00a0\n774\u00a0\n148\u00a0\n19.1\u00a0\nATM and debit card expense\n898\u00a0\n800\u00a0\n98\u00a0\n12.3\u00a0\nFDIC insurance assessment\n644\u00a0\n443\u00a0\n201\u00a0\n45.4\u00a0\nOther loan related expenses\n421\u00a0\n346\u00a0\n75\u00a0\n21.7\u00a0\nElectronic banking expenses\n381\u00a0\n336\u00a0\n45\u00a0\n13.4\u00a0\nTrust expenses\n353\u00a0\n307\u00a0\n46\u00a0\n15.0\u00a0\nPrepayment penalties on borrowings\n226\u00a0\n66\u00a0\n160\u00a0\n242.4\u00a0\nDonations\n208\u00a0\n272\u00a0\n(64)\n(23.5)\nOther losses\n86\u00a0\n47\u00a0\n39\u00a0\n83.0\u00a0\nAmortization of core deposit intangible\n71\u00a0\n171\u00a0\n(100)\n(58.5)\nOther expenses\n3,299\u00a0\n3,199\u00a0\n100\u00a0\n3.1\u00a0\nTotal noninterest expenses\n$\n32,855\u00a0\n$\n30,182\u00a0\n$\n2,673\u00a0\n8.9\u00a0\nThe significant changes in noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 are described below:\n\u2022\nSalaries and wages.\n  The $1.2 million increase in salaries and wages was primarily due to the deferral of loan origination costs in 2020, in addition to annual increases in employee's salaries and wages in 2021 and an increase in the accrual amounts for the annual incentive plan payments to select officers of Union. Salaries and wages are reduced by deferred loan origination costs at the time of origination. Deferred loan origination costs reduced salaries and wages by $43 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021, compared to $430 thousand for the same period in 2020. The lower deferred loan origination costs for 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily attributable to the forgiveness of PPP loans during 2021. Additionally, $39 thousand was expensed for a one-time incentive that was paid to employees who have received the COVID-19 vaccination.\n\u2022\nEmployee benefits.\n  Employee benefit expense increased $13 thousand due to increases of $260 thousand in the cost of group health insurance and $43 thousand in 401k plan contributions, partially offset by a decrease of $281 thousand in employee benefits related to the Company's deferred compensation plans, and a decrease of $9 thousand in payroll taxes.\n\u2022\nOccupancy expense, net.\n  The increase in occupancy expense, net, primarily relates to a $108 thousand loss recognized due to the disposition of a branch location in 2021. There was a loss on the disposal of leasehold improvements of $34 thousand recorded related to a branch closure in May of 2020. The branch closures and dispositions were not the result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, property tax expense increased $68 thousand primarily due to the opening of a new full service branch location during the fourth quarter of 2021. These increases were partially offset by decreases of $35 thousand in lease expense and $29 thousand in repairs and maintenance. \n\u2022\nEquipment expense.\n Equipment expense increased by $390 thousand primarily due to increases in software license and maintenance costs for 2021 compared to 2020.\n\u2022\nVermont franchise taxes.\n  The Vermont franchise tax is determined based on a quarterly tax rate applied to the Company's average balance of Vermont customer deposit balances. The tax rate remained unchanged throughout 2021 and 2020; however, the average balances in Vermont deposit account balances increased for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in an increase in expense.\n\u2022\nProfessional fees.\n  During 2021, additional consultants were engaged to assist with employment searches and other advisory services that were not utilized in 2020, resulting in a $148 thousand increase between periods.\n32\n\u2022\nATM and debit card expense.\n The $98 thousand increase in expense between periods is due to changes in services with ATM and debit card service providers and an increase in the volume of activity.\n\u2022\nFDIC insurance assessment.\n The deposit insurance assessment base and assessment rate both increased in 2021 compared to 2020, resulting in an increase in expense.\n\u2022\nOther loan related expenses.\n  Other loan related expenses consist of other costs incurred for originating and servicing loans such as insurance and property tax tracking expenses, credit report fees and other real estate closing costs. These expenses increased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to the increase in loan volumes throughout the Company's market areas.\n\u2022\nElectronic banking expenses.\n  Electronic banking expenses increased $45 thousand in 2021 compared to 2020 due to additional online banking services and an increase in the volume of activity.\n\u2022\nTrust expenses.\n  The increase in trust expenses primarily relates to additional costs for professional assistance and data processing resulting from the growth in assets in managed accounts.\n\u2022\nPrepayment penalties on borrowings.\n  During 2021, the Company paid prepayment penalties on the early payoff of FHLB advances of $226 thousand compared to $66 thousand of prepayment penalties paid in 2020.\n\u2022\nDonations.\n  Charitable donations are made as part of the Company's commitment to continually help to enhance the economic vitality and social welfare of our communities. Donations for 2021 decreased $64 thousand compared to 2020.\n\u2022\nOther losses.\n  The increase in expense is primarily due to business debit card fraud during the third quarter of 2021.\n\u2022\nAmortization of core deposit intangible.\n  The core deposit intangible was fully amortized in 2021 resulting in a decrease in amortization expense from 2020 to 2021.\nProvision for Income Taxes.\n  The Company has provided for current and deferred federal income taxes for the current and prior periods presented. The Company's net provision for income taxes was $2.6 million for 2021 and $2.4 million for 2020. The Company\u2019s effective federal corporate income tax rate was 16.1% and 15.5% for 2021 and 2020, respectively.\nAmortization expense related to limited partnership investments included as a component of tax expense amounted to $1.0 million and $935 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These investments provide tax benefits, including tax credits. Low income housing tax credits with respect to limited partnership investments are also included as a component of income tax expense and amounted to $1.1 million and $987 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 11 to the Company's consolidated financial statements.\nFINANCIAL CONDITION\nAt December\u00a031, 2021, the Company had total consolidated assets of $1.2 billion, including gross loans and loans held for sale (total loans) of $800.9 million, deposits of $1.1 billion and stockholders' equity of $84.3 million. The Company\u2019s total assets increased $111.8 million, or 10.2%, from $1.1 billion at December\u00a031, 2020.\nNet loans and loans held for sale decreased $1.7 million, or 0.2%, to $793.2 million, or 65.8% of total assets, at December\u00a031, 2021, compared to $794.9 million, or 72.7% of total assets, at December\u00a031, 2020. (See \nLoan Portfolio\n below.)\nTotal deposits increased $100.8 million, or 10.1% to $1.1 billion at December\u00a031, 2021, from $994.3 million at December\u00a031, 2020. There were increases in interest bearing deposits of $86.1 million, or 13.5%, and noninterest bearing deposits of $49.6 million, or 23.1%, which were partially offset by a decrease in time deposits of $35.0 million, or 24.7%.\nThere were no borrowed funds at December\u00a031, 2021. Borrowed funds, which consisted of FHLB advances, were $7.2 million at December\u00a031, 2020. (See \nBorrowings\n on page 41.)\nIn August 2021, the Company completed the private placement of $16.5 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes are presented net of unamortized issuance costs of $329\u00a0thousand at December\u00a031, 2021 in the consolidated balance sheets.\nTotal stockholders\u2019 equity increased $3.5 million, or 4.3%, from $80.9 million at December\u00a031, 2020 to $84.3 million at December\u00a031, 2021. (See \nCapital Resources\n on pages 43 to 44.)\nLoan Portfolio\n. The Company's gross loan portfolio (including loans held for sale) decreased $2.5 million, or 0.3%, to $800.9 million, representing 66.4% of assets at December\u00a031, 2021, from $803.4 million, representing 73.5% of assets at December\u00a031, 2020. The Company's loans consist primarily of adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family, multi-family residential or commercial real estate. Real estate secured loans represented $670.6 million, or 83.7% of total loans, at December\u00a031, 2021 compared to $593.4 million, or 73.9% of total loans, at December\u00a031, 2020. The Company had 154 PPP loans totaling $13.6 million classified as commercial loans at December\u00a031, 2021 compared to 679 PPP loans totaling $66.2 \n33\nmillion at December\u00a031, 2020. Changes in the composition of the Company's loan portfolio from December\u00a031, 2020 (see table below) resulted primarily from the decrease in the commercial portfolio related to PPP loan forgiveness and a decrease in the municipal portfolio, partially offset by an increase in the volume of residential loans originated. There was no material change in the Company's lending programs or terms during 2021.\nThe composition of the Company's loan portfolio was as follows at \nDecember 31\n:\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n$\n%\n$\n%\n\u00a0\n(Dollars in thousands)\nResidential real estate\n$\n246,827\u00a0\n30.8\u00a0\n$\n183,166\u00a0\n22.8\u00a0\nConstruction real estate\n65,149\u00a0\n8.1\u00a0\n57,417\u00a0\n7.1\u00a0\nCommercial real estate\n344,816\u00a0\n43.1\u00a0\n320,627\u00a0\n39.9\u00a0\nCommercial\n49,788\u00a0\n6.2\u00a0\n108,861\u00a0\n13.6\u00a0\nConsumer\n2,376\u00a0\n0.3\u00a0\n2,601\u00a0\n0.3\u00a0\nMunicipal\n78,094\u00a0\n9.8\u00a0\n98,497\u00a0\n12.3\u00a0\nLoans held for sale\n13,829\u00a0\n1.7\u00a0\n32,188\u00a0\n4.0\u00a0\nTotal loans\n$\n800,879\u00a0\n100.0\u00a0\n$\n803,357\u00a0\n100.0\u00a0\nThe Company originates and sells qualified residential mortgage loans in various secondary market avenues, with a majority of sales made to the FHLMC/Freddie Mac, generally with servicing rights retained. At December\u00a031, 2021, the Company serviced an $898.8 million residential real estate mortgage portfolio, of which $13.8 million was held for sale and approximately $638.1 million was serviced for unaffiliated third parties. This compares to a residential real estate mortgage servicing portfolio of $819.6 million at December\u00a031, 2020, of which $32.2 million was held for sale and approximately $604.2 million was serviced for unaffiliated third parties. Loans held for sale are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value and are reviewed by management at least quarterly based on current market pricing.\nThe Company sold $216.8 million of qualified residential real estate loans originated during 2021 to the secondary market to mitigate long-term interest rate risk and to generate fee income, compared to sales of $263.1 million during 2020. Residential mortgage loan origination activity continued to be strong during 2021, consisting of both refinancing and purchase activity. Customers continued to refinance existing mortgages in order to obtain lower rates and purchase activity continued to be strong despite low housing inventory. The Company originates and sells FHA, VA, and RD residential mortgage loans, and also has\n an Unconditional Direct Endorsement Approval from HUD which allows the Company to approve FHA loans originated in any of its Vermont or New Hampshire locations without needing prior HUD underwriting approval. The Company sells FHA, VA and RD loans as originated with servicing released.Some of the government backed loans qualify for zero down payments without geographic or income restrictions. \nThese loan products increase the Company's ability to serve the borrowing needs of residents in the communities served, including low and moderate income borrowers, while the government guaranty mitigates the Company's exposure to credit risk.  \nThe Company also originates commercial real estate and commercial loans under various SBA, USDA and State sponsored programs which provide a government agency guaranty for a portion of the loan amount. There was $17.2 million and $70.2 million guaranteed under these various programs at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively, on aggregate balances of $18.5 million and $71.5 million in subject loans for the same time periods. These amounts include the $13.6 million and $66.2 million of PPP loans that were guaranteed 100% by SBA at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company occasionally sells the guaranteed portion of a loan to other financial concerns and retains servicing rights, which generates fee income. There were no commercial loans sold during 2021 and $131 thousand in commercial real estate or commercial loans sold during 2020. The Company recognizes gains and losses on the sale of the principal portion of these loans as they occur.\nThe Company serviced $21.2 million and $25.2 million of commercial and commercial real estate loans for unaffiliated third parties as of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This includes $19.6 million and $23.7 million of commercial or commercial real estate loans the Company had participated out to other financial institutions at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These loans were participated in the ordinary course of business on a nonrecourse basis, for liquidity or credit concentration management purposes.\n34\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, total loans serviced had grown to $1.5 billion, which includes total loans on the balance sheet of $800.9 million as well as total loans sold with servicing retained of $659.3 million, compared to total loans serviced of $1.4 billion as of December\u00a031, 2020.\nThe Company capitalizes MSRs for all loans sold with servicing retained and recognizes gains and losses on the sale of the principal portion of these loans as they occur. The unamortized balance of MSRs on loans sold with servicing retained was $2.5 million and $2.3 million as of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively, with an estimated market value in excess of the carrying value at both year ends. Management periodically evaluates and measures the servicing assets for impairment.\nQualifying residential first mortgage loans and certain commercial real estate loans with a carrying value of $224.4 million and $210.0 million were pledged as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB under a blanket lien at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. \nThe following table breaks down by classification the contractual maturities of the gross loans held in portfolio and for sale as of December\u00a031, 2021:\n\u00a0\nWithin 1\nYear\n2-5\nYears\n6-15\nYears\nOver 15\nYears\nTotal\n\u00a0\n(Dollars in thousands)\nFixed rate\nResidential real estate\n$\n204\u00a0\n$\n1,269\u00a0\n$\n44,765\u00a0\n$\n142,262\u00a0\n$\n188,500\u00a0\nConstruction real estate\n27,014\u00a0\n3,960\u00a0\n6,541\u00a0\n2,768\u00a0\n40,283\u00a0\nCommercial real estate\n1,240\u00a0\n5,005\u00a0\n33,466\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n39,711\u00a0\nCommercial\n464\u00a0\n21,469\u00a0\n19,858\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n41,791\u00a0\nConsumer\n1,252\u00a0\n1,020\u00a0\n86\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n2,358\u00a0\nMunicipal\n62,871\u00a0\n9,172\u00a0\n6,051\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n78,094\u00a0\nTotal fixed rate\n93,045\u00a0\n41,895\u00a0\n110,767\u00a0\n145,030\u00a0\n390,737\u00a0\nVariable rate\nResidential real estate\n856\u00a0\n831\u00a0\n49,848\u00a0\n20,621\u00a0\n72,156\u00a0\nConstruction real estate\n3,337\u00a0\n6,541\u00a0\n8,877\u00a0\n6,111\u00a0\n24,866\u00a0\nCommercial real estate\n5,783\u00a0\n2,837\u00a0\n228,047\u00a0\n68,438\u00a0\n305,105\u00a0\nCommercial\n2,137\u00a0\n1,391\u00a0\n4,469\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n7,997\u00a0\nConsumer\n18\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n18\u00a0\nTotal variable rate\n12,131\u00a0\n11,600\u00a0\n291,241\u00a0\n95,170\u00a0\n410,142\u00a0\n$\n105,176\u00a0\n$\n53,495\u00a0\n$\n402,008\u00a0\n$\n240,200\u00a0\n$\n800,879\u00a0\nAsset Quality.\n The Company, like all financial institutions, is exposed to certain credit risks, including those related to the value of the collateral that secures its loans and the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. Consistent application of the Company\u2019s conservative loan policies has helped to mitigate this risk and has been prudent for both the Company and its customers. The Company's Board has set forth well-defined lending policies (which are periodically reviewed and revised as appropriate) that include conservative individual lending limits for officers, aggregate and advisory board approval levels, Board approval for large credit relationships, a quality control program, a loan review program and other limits or standards deemed necessary and prudent. The Company's loan review program encompasses a review process for loan documentation and underwriting for select loans as well as a monitoring process for credit extensions to assess the credit quality and degree of risk in the loan portfolio. Management performs, and shares with the Board, periodic concentration analyses based on various factors such as industries, collateral types, location, large credit sizes and officer portfolio loads. Board approved policies set forth portfolio diversification levels to mitigate concentration risk and the Company participates large credits out to other financial institutions to further mitigate that risk. The Company has established underwriting guidelines to be followed by its officers; material exceptions are required to be approved by a senior loan officer, the President or the Board. \nThe Company does not make loans that are interest only, have teaser rates or that result in negative amortization of the principal, except for construction, lines of credit and other short-term loans for either commercial or consumer purposes where the credit risk is evaluated on a borrower-by-borrower basis. The Company evaluates the borrower's ability to pay on variable-rate loans over a variety of interest rate scenarios, not only the rate at origination.\nThe majority of the Company's loan portfolio is secured by real estate located throughout the Company's primary market area of northern Vermont and New Hampshire. For residential loans, the Company generally does not lend more than 80% of the \n35\nappraised value of the home without a government guaranty or the borrower purchasing private mortgage insurance. Although the Company lends up to 80% of the collateral value on commercial real estate loans to strong borrowers, the majority of commercial real estate loans do not exceed 75% of the appraised collateral value. Rarely, the loan to value may go up to 100% on loans with government guarantees or other mitigating circumstances. Although the Company's loan portfolio consists of different business segments, there is a portion of the loan portfolio centered in tourism related loans. The Company has implemented risk management strategies to mitigate exposure to this industry through utilizing government guaranty programs as well as participations with other financial institutions as discussed above. Additionally, the loan portfolio contains many loans to seasoned and well established businesses and/or well secured loans which further reduce the Company's risk. Management closely follows the local and national economies and their impact on the local businesses, especially on the tourism industry, as part of the Company's risk management program.\nThe region's economic environment is seeing signs of improvement as the states of Vermont and New Hampshire are fully opened after the COVID-19 pandemic closure of large segments of the economy. There is demand for leisure travel and dining out which is supporting the region's tourist and restaurant industries; however, the industry is also facing some staffing challenges as workforce participation is lagging. Demand for homes has surged with the general safety and desirability of the region, low interest rates and the increased ability of working remotely. The Company\u2019s management is focused on the impact COVID-19 is having on its borrowers and closely monitors industry and geographic concentrations, specifically the continuing impact on the region's tourist and restaurant industries. The Vermont unemployment rate was reported at 2.5% for December 2021 compared to 3.1% for December 2020 and the New Hampshire unemployment rate was 2.6% for December 2021 compared to 4.0% for December 2020. These rates compare favorably with the nationwide unemployment rate of 3.9% and 6.7%, respectively, for the comparable periods. Management will continue to monitor the national, regional and local economic environment in relation to COVID-19 and its impact on unemployment, business outlook and real estate values in the Company\u2019s market area.\nThe Company also monitors its delinquency levels for any adverse trends. Management closely monitors the Company\u2019s loan and investment portfolios, OREO and OAO for potential problems and reports to the Boards of the Company and Union at regularly scheduled meetings. Repossessed assets and loans or investments that are 90 days or more past due or in nonaccrual status are considered to be nonperforming assets.\nTDR loans involve one or more of the following: forgiving a portion of interest or principal, refinancing at a rate materially less than the market rate, rescheduling loan payments, or granting other concessions to a borrower due to financial or economic reasons related to the debtor's financial difficulties that the Company would not ordinarily grant. When evaluating the ALL, management makes a specific allocation for TDR loans as they are considered impaired.\nIn March 2020, the CARES Act was passed and federal banking agencies issued guidance, confirmed by the FASB, providing that certain short-term modifications made to loans to borrowers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and government shutdown orders would not be considered TDRs under specified circumstances (See Note 1). Through December\u00a031, 2021, the Company had executed modifications under this guidance and the CARES Act on outstanding loan balances of $139.9\u00a0million, with total accrued interest of $849\u00a0thousand. Of the total modifications executed, outstanding loan balances of $369\u00a0thousand remained subject to modified terms and carried accrued interest of $9\u00a0thousand as of December\u00a031, 2021.\nThe following table details the composition of the Company's nonperforming assets and amounts utilized to calculate certain asset quality ratios monitored by Company's managements as of December 31:\n2021\n2020\n\u00a0\n(Dollars in thousands)\nNonaccrual loans\n$\n4,650\u00a0\n$\n2,410\u00a0\nLoans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest\n98\u00a0\n511\u00a0\nTotal nonperforming loans\n4,748\u00a0\n2,921\u00a0\nOREO\n\u2014\u00a0\n50\u00a0\nTotal nonperforming assets\n$\n4,748\u00a0\n$\n2,971\u00a0\nGuarantees of U.S. or state government agencies on the above nonperforming loans\n$\n113\u00a0\n$\n177\u00a0\nTDR loans\n$\n2,215\u00a0\n$\n2,864\u00a0\nAllowance for loan losses\n$\n8,336\u00a0\n$\n8,271\u00a0\nNet (recoveries) charge-offs\n$\n(65)\n$\n51\u00a0\nTotal loans outstanding\n$\n800,879\u00a0\n$\n803,357\u00a0\nTotal average loans outstanding\n$\n808,894\u00a0\n$\n753,779\u00a0\n36\nThe following table shows trends of certain asset quality ratios monitored by Company's management at December 31: \n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n(Dollars in thousands)\nAllowance for loan losses to total loans outstanding\n1.04\u00a0\n%\n1.03\u00a0\n%\nAllowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans\n175.57\u00a0\n%\n283.16\u00a0\n%\nAllowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans\n179.27\u00a0\n%\n343.20\u00a0\n%\nNonperforming loans to total loans\n0.59\u00a0\n%\n0.36\u00a0\n%\nNonperforming assets to total assets\n0.39\u00a0\n%\n0.27\u00a0\n%\nNonaccrual loans to total loans\n0.58\u00a0\n%\n0.30\u00a0\n%\nDelinquent loans (30 days to nonaccruing) to total loans\n0.82\u00a0\n%\n0.83\u00a0\n%\nNet (recoveries) charge-offs to total average loans\n(0.01)\n%\n0.01\u00a0\n%\nResidential real estate\n(0.03)\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nNet (recoveries) charge-offs\n$\n(66)\n$\n(8)\nTotal average loans\n$\n243,212\u00a0\n$\n217,588\u00a0\nConstruction real estate\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nNet (recoveries) charge-offs\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal average loans\n$\n62,678\u00a0\n$\n43,628\u00a0\nCommercial real estate\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n0.02\u00a0\n%\nNet (recoveries) charge-offs\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n54\u00a0\nTotal average loans\n$\n324,101\u00a0\n$\n309,066\u00a0\nCommercial\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nNet (recoveries) charge-offs\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal average loans\n$\n88,626\u00a0\n$\n92,382\u00a0\nConsumer\n0.04\u00a0\n%\n0.16\u00a0\n%\nNet (recoveries) charge-offs\n$\n1\u00a0\n$\n5\u00a0\nTotal average loans\n$\n2,608\u00a0\n$\n3,075\u00a0\nMunicipal\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nNet (recoveries) charge-offs\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal average loans\n$\n87,669\u00a0\n$\n88,040\u00a0\nNonperforming loans at December\u00a031, 2021 increased $1.8 million, or 62.5%, and increased as a percentage of assets from 0.27% at December\u00a031, 2020 to 0.39% at December\u00a031, 2021, with the ALL as a percentage of nonperforming loans decreasing from 283.16% to 175.57%. Management considers the asset quality ratios to be at favorable levels. The Company's success at keeping the ratios at favorable levels is the result of continued focus on maintaining strict underwriting standards, as well as our practice, as a community bank, of actively working with troubled borrowers to resolve the borrower's delinquency, while maintaining the safe and sound credit practices of Union and safeguarding our strong capital position. There were no residential real estate loans in process of foreclosure at December\u00a031, 2021. The state-mandated moratorium on foreclosures in Vermont related to the COVID-19 emergency was lifted effective July 15, 2021. The aggregate interest on nonaccrual loans not recognized was $504 thousand and $420 thousand for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively.\nThe Company had loans rated substandard that were on a performing status totaling $769 thousand at December\u00a031, 2021 and $2.2 million at December\u00a031, 2020. In management's view, such loans represent a higher degree of risk of becoming nonperforming loans in the future.  While still on a performing status, in accordance with the Company's credit policy, loans are internally classified when a review indicates the existence of any of the following conditions, making the likelihood of collection questionable:\n\u2022\nthe financial condition of the borrower is unsatisfactory; \n\u2022\nrepayment terms have not been met; \n\u2022\nthe borrower has sustained losses that are sizable, either in absolute terms or relative to net worth; \n\u2022\nconfidence in the borrower's ability to repay is diminished; \n\u2022\nloan covenants have been violated; \n37\n\u2022\ncollateral is inadequate; or\n\u2022\nother unfavorable factors are present.\nAlthough management believes that the Company's nonperforming and internally classified loans are generally well-secured and that probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio are provided for in the Company's ALL, there can be no assurance that future deterioration in economic conditions and/or collateral values, or changes in other relevant factors will not result in future credit losses. The Company\u2019s management is focused on the impact that the economy may have on its borrowers and closely monitors industry and geographic concentrations for evidence of financial problems. Management will continue to monitor the national, regional and local economic environment, particularly as it relates to the COVID-19 crisis and its impact on unemployment, business failures and real estate values in the Company\u2019s market area.\nOn occasion, the Company acquires residential or commercial real estate properties through or in lieu of loan foreclosure. These properties are held for sale and are initially recorded as OREO at fair value less estimated selling costs at the date of the Company\u2019s acquisition of the property, with fair value based on an appraisal for more significant properties and on a broker\u2019s price opinion for less significant properties. Holding costs and declines in fair value of properties acquired are expensed as incurred. Declines in the fair value after acquisition of the property result in charges against income before tax. There were no such declines during 2021 and 2020. The Company evaluates each OREO property at least quarterly for changes in the fair value. The Company had no properties classified as OREO at December\u00a031, 2021 and one residential real estate property valued at $50 thousand classified as OREO at December\u00a031, 2020.\nAllowance for Loan Losses\n.\n Some of the Company\u2019s loan customers ultimately do not make all of their contractually scheduled payments, whether due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, requiring the Company to charge off a portion or all of the remaining principal balance due. The Company maintains an ALL to absorb such losses. The ALL is maintained at a level believed by management to be appropriate to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the evaluation date; however, actual loan losses may vary from management's current estimates.\nThe ALL is evaluated quarterly using a consistent, systematic methodology, which analyzes the risk inherent in the loan portfolio. In addition to evaluating the collectability of specific loans when determining the appropriate level of the ALL, management also takes into consideration other qualitative factors such as changes in the mix and size of the loan portfolio, credit concentrations, historic loss experience, the amount of delinquencies and loans adversely classified, industry trends, and the impact of the local and regional economy on the Company's borrowers as well as the estimated value of any underlying collateral. The appropriate level of the ALL is assessed by an allocation process whereby specific loss allocations are made against impaired loans and general loss allocations are made against segments of the loan portfolio that have similar attributes. Although the ALL is assessed by allocating reserves by loan category, the total ALL is available to absorb losses that may occur within any loan category.\nThe ALL is increased by a provision for loan losses charged to earnings, and reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries. The provision for loan losses represents management's estimate of the current period credit cost associated with maintaining an appropriate ALL. Based on an evaluation of the loan portfolio and other relevant qualitative factors, management presents a quarterly analysis of the appropriate level of the ALL to the Board, indicating any changes in the ALL since the last review and any recommendations as to adjustments in the ALL and the level of future provisions.  \nCredit quality of the commercial portfolio is quantified by a credit risk rating system designed to parallel regulatory criteria and categories of loan risk and has historically been well received by the various regulatory authorities. Individual loan officers and credit department personnel monitor loans to ensure appropriate rating assignments are made on a timely basis. Risk ratings and quality of commercial and retail credit portfolios are also assessed on a regular basis by an independent loan review function.\nThe level of ALL allocable to each loan portfolio category with similar risk characteristics is determined based on historical charge-offs, adjusted for qualitative risk factors. A quarterly analysis of various qualitative factors, including portfolio characteristics, national and local economic trends, overall market conditions, and levels of, and trends in, delinquencies and nonperforming loans, helps to ensure that areas with the potential risk for loss are considered in management's ALL estimate. The economic qualitative reserve factor assigned to each loan portfolio in the ALL estimate was increased during 2020 due to the economic disruption at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. During 2020, the economic qualitative reserve factor was increased 25 bps for the residential real estate, construction real estate, commercial real estate, commercial and consumer loan portfolios and 10 bps for the municipal loan portfolio. During 2021, the economic qualitative reserve factor assigned to each loan portfolio in the ALL estimate was decreased due to continued indications of economic improvement and with the majority of borrowers that had executed loan modifications due to COVID-19 no longer subject to modified terms. The economic qualitative reserve factor was decreased 10 bps for the residential real estate, commercial real estate, commercial, consumer and municipal loan portfolios and 5 bps for the construction real estate loan portfolio during 2021. In addition to the qualitative risk factor analysis of each loan portfolio, loans meeting specified criteria are also evaluated for specific impairment and may be \n38\nclassified as impaired when management believes it is probable that the Company will not collect all the contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled in the loan agreement. Commercial loans with balances greater than $500 thousand was established by management as the threshold for individual impairment evaluation with a specific reserve allocated when warranted. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify individual consumer, real estate or small balance commercial loans for impairment evaluation, unless such loans are subject to a restructuring agreement or have been identified as impaired as part of a larger customer relationship. A specific reserve amount is allocated to the ALL for individual loans that have been classified as impaired on the basis of the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans, an observable market price, or the present value of anticipated future cash flows.\nImpaired loans, including $2.2 million of TDR loans, were $6.8 million at December\u00a031, 2021, with government guaranties of $423 thousand and a specific reserve amount allocated of $46 thousand. Impaired loans, including $2.9 million of TDR loans, were $4.6 million at December\u00a031, 2020, with government guaranties of $514 thousand and a specific reserve amount allocated of $58 thousand. The specific reserve amount allocated to individually identified impaired loans decreased $12 thousand as a result of the December\u00a031, 2021 impairment evaluation.\nThe following table (net of loans held for sale) shows the internal breakdown by class of loans of the Company's ALL and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans in the respective portfolios at December 31:\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n\u00a0\n$\n%\n$\n%\n\u00a0\n(Dollars in thousands)\nResidential real estate\n$\n2,068\u00a0\n31.4\u00a0\n$\n1,776\u00a0\n23.8\u00a0\nConstruction real estate\n837\u00a0\n8.3\u00a0\n763\u00a0\n7.4\u00a0\nCommercial real estate\n4,122\u00a0\n43.8\u00a0\n4,199\u00a0\n41.6\u00a0\nCommercial\n275\u00a0\n6.3\u00a0\n458\u00a0\n14.1\u00a0\nConsumer\n11\u00a0\n0.3\u00a0\n15\u00a0\n0.3\u00a0\nMunicipal\n86\u00a0\n9.9\u00a0\n214\u00a0\n12.8\u00a0\nUnallocated\n937\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n846\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal\n$\n8,336\u00a0\n100.0\u00a0\n8,271\u00a0\n100.0\u00a0\nNotwithstanding the categories shown in the table above or any specific allocation under the Company's ALL methodology, all funds in the ALL are available to absorb loan losses in the portfolio, regardless of loan category or specific allocation.\nManagement of the Company believes, in its best estimate, that the ALL at December\u00a031, 2021 is appropriate to cover probable credit losses inherent in the Company\u2019s loan portfolio as of such date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will not sustain losses in future periods which could be greater than the size of the ALL at December\u00a031, 2021. In addition, our banking regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our ALL. Such agencies may require us to recognize adjustments to the ALL based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. A large adjustment to the ALL for losses in future periods may require increased provisions to replenish the ALL, which could negatively affect earnings.\nInvestment Activities\n. The investment portfolio is used to generate interest and dividend income, manage liquidity and mitigate interest rate sensitivity. At December\u00a031, 2021, the fair value of investment securities AFS was $267.8 million, or 22.2% of total assets, compared to $105.8 million, or 9.7% of total assets, at December\u00a031, 2020. The Company used excess liquidity to increase the investment portfolio during 2021 to obtain higher yields than what would have been earned at the current Federal Funds rate. There were no investment securities classified as HTM or as trading at December\u00a031, 2021 or 2020. Investment securities classified as AFS are marked-to-market, with any unrealized gain or loss after estimated taxes charged to the equity portion of the balance sheet through the accumulated OCI component of stockholders' equity. The fair value of investment securities AFS at December\u00a031, 2021 reflects a net unrealized loss of $2.0 million, compared to a net unrealized gain of $3.3 million at December\u00a031, 2020.\nAt December\u00a031, 2021, 110 debt securities had unrealized losses of $4.3 million, with aggregate depreciation of 1.58% from the Company's amortized cost basis. Securities are evaluated at least quarterly for OTTI and at December\u00a031, 2021, in management's estimation, no security was OTTI. Management's evaluation of OTTI is subject to risks and uncertainties and is intended to determine the appropriate amount and timing of recognition of any impairment charge. The assessment of whether such impairment for debt securities has occurred is based on management's best estimate of the cash flows expected to be collected at the individual security level. We regularly monitor our investment portfolio to ensure securities that may be OTTI \n39\nare identified in a timely manner and that any impairment charge is recognized in the proper period and, with respect to debt securities, that the impairment is properly allocated between credit losses recognized in earnings and noncredit unrealized losses recognized in OCI. Further deterioration in credit quality, imbalances in liquidity in the financial marketplace or a quick rise in interest rates might adversely affect the fair value of the Company's investment portfolio and may increase the potential that certain unrealized losses will be designated as OTT in future periods, resulting in write-downs and related charges to earnings.\nAt December\u00a031, 2021, the Company had no investments in a single company or entity (other than U.S. Government-sponsored enterprise securities) that had an aggregate book value in excess of 2% of stockholders' equity. As of December\u00a031, 2021, all MBS the Company owned were issued by the Government National Mortgage Association, Fannie Mae or the FHLMC/Freddie Mac. Although the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac debt securities are not explicitly guaranteed by the federal government, one of the stated purposes of the U.S. Treasury's September, 2008 conservatorship and capital support of the two institutions was to stabilize the market in their debt securities, and that purpose was again evident in legislation passed by Congress in late 2009 which effectively lifted any dollar ceiling on the implicit U.S. Treasury guaranty of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac debt securities.\nFederal Home Loan Bank of Boston Stock. \nUnion is a member of the FHLB, with an investment of $1.1 million and $1.0 million in its Class B common stock at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Union is required to invest in $100 par value stock of the FHLB in an amount tied to the unpaid principal balances on qualifying loans, plus an amount to satisfy an activity based requirement. The stock is nonmarketable, and is redeemable by the FHLB at par value. Although the FHLB was in compliance with all regulatory capital ratios as of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, there is the possibility of future capital calls by the FHLB on member banks to ensure compliance with its capital plan. Union's investment in FHLB stock is carried at cost in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Similar to evaluating investment securities for OTTI, the Company has evaluated its investment in the FHLB. Management's most recent evaluation of the Company's holdings of FHLB common stock concluded that the investment was not impaired at December\u00a031, 2021.\nDeposits.\n  The following table shows information concerning the Company's average deposits by account type and the weighted average nominal rates at which interest was paid on such deposits for the years ended December 31:\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n\u00a0\nAverage\nBalance\nPercent\nof Total\nDeposits\nAverage\nRate Paid\nAverage\nBalance\nPercent\nof Total\nDeposits\nAverage\nRate Paid\n\u00a0\n(Dollars in thousands)\nNontime deposits:\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nNoninterest bearing deposits\n$\n238,572\u00a0\n23.2\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n177,792\u00a0\n20.9\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nInterest bearing checking accounts\n255,031\u00a0\n24.8\u00a0\n0.23\u00a0\n%\n197,698\u00a0\n23.2\u00a0\n0.36\u00a0\n%\nMoney market accounts\n248,864\u00a0\n24.2\u00a0\n0.62\u00a0\n%\n206,466\u00a0\n24.3\u00a0\n0.99\u00a0\n%\nSavings accounts\n167,381\u00a0\n16.3\u00a0\n0.06\u00a0\n%\n123,619\u00a0\n14.6\u00a0\n0.12\u00a0\n%\nTotal nontime deposits\n909,848\u00a0\n88.5\u00a0\n0.25\u00a0\n%\n705,575\u00a0\n83.0\u00a0\n0.41\u00a0\n%\nTime deposits:\nLess than $100,000\n57,187\u00a0\n5.6\u00a0\n0.69\u00a0\n%\n73,880\u00a0\n8.7\u00a0\n1.10\u00a0\n%\n$100,000 and over\n60,958\u00a0\n5.9\u00a0\n0.86\u00a0\n%\n70,976\u00a0\n8.3\u00a0\n1.50\u00a0\n%\nTotal time deposits\n118,145\u00a0\n11.5\u00a0\n0.78\u00a0\n%\n144,856\u00a0\n17.0\u00a0\n1.30\u00a0\n%\nTotal deposits\n$\n1,027,993\u00a0\n100.0\u00a0\n0.31\u00a0\n%\n$\n850,431\u00a0\n100.0\u00a0\n0.56\u00a0\n%\nDeposits grew $100.8 million, or 10.1%, from $994.3 million at December\u00a031, 2020 to $1.1 billion at December\u00a031, 2021.  Total average deposits grew $177.6 million, or 20.9%, between years, with average nontime deposits growing $204.3 million, or 29.0%, and average time deposits decreasing $26.7 million, or 18.4%, during the same time frame. The increase in average balances for nontime deposits was attributable to proceeds from PPP loans deposited into customer accounts at Union, customer's receipt of government stimulus payments, and the general reduction in spending by customers due to supply chain delays. The average balances of time deposits decreased due to the maturity of higher rate paying time deposit accounts that customers have primarily transferred into other deposit account types.\nThe Company participates in CDARS, which permits the Company to offer full deposit insurance coverage to its customers by exchanging deposit balances with other CDARS participants. CDARS also provides the Company with an additional source of \n40\nfunding and liquidity through the purchase of deposits. There were no purchased CDARS deposits as of December\u00a031, 2021 or  December\u00a031, 2020. There were $13.6 million of time deposits of $250,000 or less on the balance sheet at December\u00a031, 2021 and $14.2 million at December\u00a031, 2020, which were exchanged with other CDARS participants.\nThe Company also participates in the ICS program, a service through which Union can offer its customers demand or savings products with access to unlimited FDIC insurance, while receiving reciprocal deposits from other FDIC-insured banks. Like the exchange of certificate of deposit accounts through CDARS, exchange of demand or savings deposits through ICS provides a depositor with full deposit insurance coverage of excess balances, thereby helping the Company retain the full amount of the  deposit on its balance sheet. As with the CDARS program, in addition to reciprocal deposits, participating banks may also purchase one-way ICS deposits. There were $155.3 million and $146.2 million in exchanged ICS demand and money market deposits on the balance sheet at December\u00a031, 2021 and December\u00a031, 2020, respectively. There were no purchased ICS deposits at December\u00a031, 2021 or December\u00a031, 2020.\nAt December\u00a031, 2020, there were $15.0 million in retail brokered deposits issued under a master certificate of deposit program with a deposit broker for the purpose of providing a supplemental source of funding and liquidity. There were no retail brokered deposits at December\u00a031, 2021.\nA provision of the Dodd-Frank Act permanently raised FDIC deposit insurance coverage to $250 thousand per depositor per insured depository institution for each account ownership category. Uninsured deposits have been estimated to include deposits with balances greater than the FDIC insurance coverage limit of $250 thousand. This estimate is based on the same methodologies and assumptions used for regulatory reporting requirements. At December\u00a031, 2021, the Company had uninsured deposit accounts totaling $353.0 million, or 32.2% of total deposits. Uninsured deposits include $31.5 million of municipal deposits and were collateralized under applicable state regulations by investment securities or letters of credit issued by the FHLB at December\u00a031, 2021, as described below under \nBorrowings.\nThe following table provides a maturity distribution of the Company\u2019s time deposits in amounts in excess of the $250\u00a0thousand FDIC insurance limit at December 31:\n2021\n2020\n\u00a0\n(Dollars in thousands)\nThree months or less\n$\n4,249\u00a0\n7,603\u00a0\nOver three months through six months\n5,576\u00a0\n3,857\u00a0\nOver six months through twelve months\n4,536\u00a0\n9,424\u00a0\nOver twelve months\n1,862\u00a0\n1,506\u00a0\n\u00a0\n$\n16,223\u00a0\n$\n22,390\u00a0\nAt December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, the Company had $16.2 million and $22.4 million, respectively, in uninsured time deposits with balances greater than $250 thousand. The decrease of $6.2 million, or 27.5%, between December\u00a031, 2020 and December\u00a031, 2021, resulted primarily from the maturity, without renewal, of customer time deposits originated in prior periods when rate promotions were offered.  \nBorrowings.\n Advances from the FHLB are another key source of funds to support earning assets. These funds are also used to manage the Bank's interest rate and liquidity risk exposures. The Company had no borrowed funds at December\u00a031, 2021.   Borrowed funds were comprised of FHLB advances of $7.2 million, with a weighted average rate of 3.07% at December\u00a031, 2020. A $7.0 million FHLB advance was prepaid during the fourth quarter of 2021 utilizing excess liquidity, resulting in penalties paid of $226 thousand which are included in Other expenses on the Company's consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Average borrowings outstanding for 2021 were $7.1 million, compared to average borrowings outstanding for 2020 of $24.0 million, with the weighted average interest rate on the Company's borrowings increasing from 1.52% for 2020 to 3.05% for 2021. The Company had no overnight federal funds purchased on December\u00a031, 2021 or 2020.\nThe Company has the authority, up to its available borrowing capacity with the FHLB, to collateralize public unit deposits with letters of credit issued by the FHLB. FHLB letters of credit in the amount of $37.5 million and $23.6 million were utilized as collateral for these deposits at December\u00a031, 2021 and December\u00a031, 2020, respectively. Total fees paid by the Company in connection with the issuance of these letters of credit were $45 thousand and $30 thousand for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively.\n41\nIn August 2021, the Company completed the private placement of $16.5\u00a0million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes initially bear interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of 3.25% per annum, until September 1, 2026. From and including September 1, 2026, the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal amount due will reset quarterly to the then current three-month secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) plus 263 basis points. The Notes are presented net of unamortized issuance costs of $329\u00a0thousand at December\u00a031, 2021 in the consolidated balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, $11\u00a0thousand in issuance costs were recorded in interest expense.\nCommitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements.\n The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers, to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, and to implement its strategic objectives. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, interest rate caps and floors written on adjustable-rate loans, commitments to participate in or sell loans, commitments to buy or sell securities, certificates of deposit or other investment instruments and risk-sharing commitments or guarantees on certain sold loans. Such instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized on the balance sheet. The contractual or notional amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in a particular class of financial instrument.\nThe Company's maximum exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. For interest rate caps and floors written on adjustable-rate loans, the contractual or notional amounts do not represent the Company\u2019s exposure to credit loss. The Company controls the risk of interest rate cap agreements through credit approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. The Company generally requires collateral or other security to support financial instruments with credit risk.\nThe following table details the contractual or notional amount of financial instruments that represented credit risk at December\u00a031, 2021:\nContract or Notional Amount\n2022\n2023\n2024\n2025\n2026\nThereafter\nTotal\n\u00a0\n(Dollars in thousands)\nCommitments to originate loans\n$\n48,910\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n48,910\u00a0\nUnused lines of credit\n108,913\u00a0\n32,274\u00a0\n25,741\u00a0\n31\u00a0\n1,450\u00a0\n33\u00a0\n168,442\u00a0\nStandby and commercial letters of credit\n342\u00a0\n255\u00a0\n191\u00a0\n39\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n1,331\u00a0\n2,158\u00a0\nCredit card arrangements\n170\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n170\u00a0\nMPF credit enhancement obligation, net\n818\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n818\u00a0\nCommitment to purchase investment in\n\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0a real estate limited partnership\n4,574\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n4,574\u00a0\nTotal\n$\n163,727\u00a0\n$\n32,529\u00a0\n$\n25,932\u00a0\n$\n70\u00a0\n$\n1,450\u00a0\n$\n1,364\u00a0\n$\n225,072\u00a0\nCommitments to originate loans are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have a fixed expiration date or other termination clause and may require payment of a fee. The unused lines of credit total includes $13.1 million of lines available under the overdraft privilege program and is included in the 2022 funding period. Approximately $32.1 million of the unused lines of credit relate to real estate construction loans that are expected to fund within the next twelve months. The remaining lines primarily relate to revolving lines of credit for other real estate or commercial loans. Since many of the loan commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon and not all credit lines will be utilized, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Lines of credit incur seasonal volume fluctuations due to the nature of some customers' businesses, such as tourism.\nUnused lines of credit increased $35.9 million, or 27.1%, from $132.5 million at December\u00a031, 2020 to $168.4 million at December\u00a031, 2021. Some of the larger lines have underlying participation agreements in place with other financial institutions in order to permit the Company to support the credit needs of larger dollar borrowers without bearing all the credit risk in the Company's balance sheet. Commitments to originate loans decreased $12.5 million, or 20.4%, from $61.4 million at December\u00a031, 2020 to $48.9 million at December\u00a031, 2021.\n42\nThe Company may, from time-to-time, enter into commitments to purchase, participate or sell loans, securities, certificates of deposit, or other investment instruments which involve market and interest rate risk. At December\u00a031, 2021, the Company had binding commitments to sell residential mortgage loans at fixed rates totaling $2.7 million.\nThe Company sells 1-4 family residential mortgage loans under the MPF loss-sharing program with FHLB, when management believes it is  economically advantageous to do so. Under this program the Company shares in the credit risk of each mortgage, while receiving fee income in return. The Company is responsible for a Credit Enhancement Obligation based on the credit quality of these loans. FHLB funds a first loss account based on the Company's outstanding MPF mortgage balances. This creates a laddered approach to sharing in any losses. In the event of default, homeowner's equity and private mortgage insurance, if any, are the first sources of repayment; the FHLB first loss account funds are then utilized, followed by the member's Credit Enhancement Obligation, with the balance the responsibility of FHLB. These loans must meet specific underwriting standards of the FHLB. As of December\u00a031, 2021, the Company had sold loans through the MPF program totaling $33.5 million  with an outstanding balance of $9.5 million. The volume of loans sold to the MPF program and the corresponding Credit Enhancement Obligation are closely monitored by management. As of December\u00a031, 2021, the notional amount of the maximum contingent contractual liability related to this program was $837 thousand, of which $19 thousand was recorded as a reserve through Other liabilities. Since inception of the Company's MPF participation in 2015, the Company has not experienced any losses under this program.\nLiquidity\n.\n Liquidity is a measurement of the Company\u2019s ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to fund deposit withdrawals, repay borrowings, fund investment and lending activities, and for other general business purposes. The primary objective of liquidity management is to maintain a balance between sources and uses of funds to meet our cash flow needs in the most economical and expedient manner. The Company\u2019s principal sources of funds are deposits; wholesale funding options including purchased deposits, amortization, prepayment and maturity of loans, investment securities, interest bearing deposits and other short-term investments; sales of securities AFS and loans; earnings; and funds provided from operations. Contractual principal repayments on loans are a relatively predictable source of funds; however, deposit flows and loan and investment prepayments are less predictable and can be significantly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, and rates offered by our competitors. Managing liquidity risk is essential to maintaining both depositor confidence and earnings stability.\nAt December\u00a031, 2021, Union, as a member of FHLB, had access to unused lines of credit of $116.7 million, over and above the $22.0 million in combined outstanding borrowings and other credit subject to collateralization, subject to the purchase of required FHLB Class B common stock and evaluation by the FHLB of the underlying collateral available. This line of credit can be used for either short-term or long-term liquidity or other funding needs. \nUnion also maintains an IDEAL Way Line of Credit with the FHLB. The total line available was $551 thousand at December\u00a031, 2021. There were no borrowings against this line of credit as of such date. Interest on this line is chargeable at a rate determined by the FHLB and payable monthly. Should Union utilize this line of credit, qualified portions of the loan and investment portfolios would collateralize these borrowings.\nIn addition to its borrowing arrangements with the FHLB, Union maintains a pre-approved Federal Funds line of credit totaling  $15.0 million with an upstream correspondent bank, a master brokered deposit agreement with a brokerage firm, one-way buy options with CDARS and ICS as well as access to the FRB discount window, which would require pledging of qualified assets. In addition to the funding sources available to Union, the Company maintains a $5.0 million revolving line of credit with a correspondent bank. At December\u00a031, 2021 there were no purchased CDARS or ICS deposits, no  retail brokered deposits, and no outstanding advances at the FRB discount window or on the Union or Company correspondent lines.\nAdditionally, Union also has qualifying investment securities that are available to be pledged as collateral to the FRB to have access to the discount window borrowing facility. As of December\u00a031, 2021, there were no outstanding advances from the discount window. \nUnion's investment and residential loan portfolios provide a significant amount of contingent liquidity that could be accessed in a reasonable time period through sales of those portfolios. We also have additional contingent liquidity sources with access to the brokered deposit market and the FRB discount window. These sources are considered as liquidity alternatives in our contingent liquidity plan. Management believes the Company has sufficient liquidity to meet all reasonable borrower, depositor, and creditor needs in the present economic environment.  However, any projections of future cash needs and flows are subject to substantial uncertainty, including due to factors outside the Company's control.\nCapital Resources\n.\n Capital management is designed to maintain an optimum level of capital in a cost-effective structure that meets target regulatory ratios, supports management\u2019s internal assessment of economic capital, funds the Company\u2019s business strategies and builds long-term stockholder value. Dividends are generally in line with long-term trends in earnings per share \n43\nand conservative earnings projections, while sufficient profits are retained to support anticipated business growth, fund strategic investments, maintain required regulatory capital levels and provide continued support for deposits. The Company and Union continue to satisfy all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject and Union is considered well capitalized under the FDIC's Prompt Corrective Action framework. The Company continues to evaluate growth opportunities both through internal growth or potential acquisitions. The dividend payouts and stock repurchases during the last few years reflect the Board\u2019s desire to utilize our capital for the benefit of the stockholders. \nIn August 2021, the Company completed the private placement of $16.5\u00a0million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes have been structured to qualify as Tier 2 capital for the Company under bank regulatory guidelines. The proceeds from the sale of the Notes were utilized to provide additional capital to Union to support its growth and for other general corporate purposes.\nStockholders\u2019 equity increased from $80.9 million at December\u00a031, 2020 to $84.3 million at December\u00a031, 2021, reflecting net income of $13.2 million for 2021, an increase of $299 thousand from stock based compensation, a $72 thousand increase due to the issuance of 3,000 shares of common stock from the exercise of incentive stock options and a $40 thousand increase due to the issuance of common stock under the DRIP. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of $4.2 million in accumulated OCI due to a decrease in the fair market value of the Company's AFS securities, cash dividends declared of $5.9 million, and stock repurchases of $2 thousand.\nThe Company has 7,500,000 shares of $2.00 par value common stock authorized. As of December\u00a031, 2021, the Company had 4,967,093 shares issued, of which 4,493,655 were outstanding and 473,438 were held in treasury. Following stockholder approval in 2014, the Company adopted the 2014 Equity Plan which replaced the 2008 ISO Plan. As of December\u00a031, 2021, there were outstanding RSUs issued under the 2014 Equity Plan with respect to 1,355 shares granted in 2020 and 10,051 shares granted in 2021 as to which vesting requirements had not yet been met. \nIn January 2021, the Company's Board reauthorized for 2021 the limited stock repurchase plan that was initially established in May of 2010. The limited stock repurchase plan allows the repurchase of up to a fixed number of shares of the Company's common stock each calendar quarter in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, as management may deem advisable and as market conditions may warrant. The repurchase authorization for a calendar quarter (currently 2,500 shares) expires at the end of that quarter to the extent it has not been exercised, and is not carried forward into future quarters. The Company repurchased 97 shares under this program during 2021 at a total cost of $2 thousand. Since inception, as of December\u00a031, 2021, the Company had repurchased 17,790 shares under the program, for a total cost of $474 thousand. \nThe Company maintains a DRIP whereby registered stockholders may elect to reinvest cash dividends and optional cash contributions to purchase additional shares of the Company's common stock. The Company has reserved 200,000 shares of its common stock for issuance and sale under the DRIP. As of December\u00a031, 2021, 5,430 shares of stock had been issued from treasury stock since inception of the DRIP, including 1,291 shares in 2021.\nThe Company's total capital to risk weighted assets increased to 15.4% at December\u00a031, 2021, from 13.9% at December\u00a031, 2020. Tier I capital to risk weighted assets decreased to 11.9% at December\u00a031, 2021, from 12.6% at December\u00a031, 2020, and Tier I capital to average assets decreased to 7.1% at December\u00a031, 2021 from 7.3% at December\u00a031, 2020. At December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, Union was categorized as well capitalized under the Prompt Corrective Action regulatory framework and the Company exceeded applicable minimum capital adequacy requirements. There were no conditions or events between December\u00a031, 2021 and the date of this report that management believes have changed either the Company\u2019s or Union's regulatory capital category. See Note 23 for additional discussion of the Company's and Union's regulatory capital ratios.\nImpact of Inflation and Changing Prices. \nThe Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which allows for the measurement of financial position and results of operations in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Banks have asset and liability structures that are essentially monetary in nature, and their general and administrative costs constitute relatively small percentages of total expenses. Thus, increases in the general price levels for goods and services have a relatively minor effect on the Company's total expenses but could have an impact on our loan customers' financial condition. Interest rates have a more significant impact on the Company's financial performance than the effect of general inflation. The federal funds target range of 0% to 0.25% remained unchanged during 2021 and thus far in 2022. Recent FOMC meetings indicate that members of the committee recognize that indicators of economic activity and employment has continued to strengthen and that higher inflation is due to pandemic related supply and demand imbalances. With inflation well above 2% and a strong labor market, the FOMC expects it will soon be appropriate to raise the target range for the federal funds rate and also decided to continue to reduce the pace of its net asset purchases, bringing them to an end in March 2022. The Company's balance sheet depicts an asset sensitive posture as net interest income is expected to benefit as interest rates rise and worsen as interest rates decline. The degree of benefit will depend on the pace and extent of interest rate increases, the slope of the yield curve, and the Company's overall deposit pricing strategy. Customer deposit balances continued to increase during 2021 and are expected to increase in 2022 due to increases in money supply driven by federal stimulus programs as well as organic growth of the Company through its branch \n44\nnetwork.  The cost of funds, which is primarily tied to rates paid on customer deposits, decreased 30 bps during 2021.  Management has projected the cost of funds for 2022 to remain consistent with 2021, however, customer behavior patterns, higher rates offered by competition, and the continued emergence of fintech companies, could result in increases in rates paid on customer deposit accounts and more than expected interest expense. Further decreases or no change in the target federal funds rate in 2022 may result in less than expected interest income on loans and investments. Market rates are out of the Company's control but can have a dramatic impact on net interest income. \nInterest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or change in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services, although periods of increased inflation may accompany a rising interest rate environment. Inflation in the price of goods and services, while not having a substantial impact on the operating results of the Company, does affect all customers and therefore may impact their ability to keep funds on deposit or make timely loan payments. The Company is aware of and evaluates this risk along with others in making business decisions. The levels of deficit spending by federal, state and local governments and control of the money supply by the FRB including further changes to monetary or fiscal policies, may have unanticipated impacts on interest rates or inflation in future periods that could have an unfavorable impact on the future operating results of the Company.", "item7a": ">Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk\nOmitted, in accordance with the regulatory relief available to smaller reporting companies in SEC Release Nos. 33-10513 (effective September 10, 2018).\n45", "companyName": "Union Bankshares Inc", "cusip": "907818108"}