{"item1": ">Item\u00a01.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Business\nGeneral\nVerizon Communications Inc. (Verizon or the Company) is a holding company that, acting through its subsidiaries, is one of the world\u2019s leading providers of communications, technology, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and government entities. With a presence around the world, we offer data, video and voice services and solutions on our networks and platforms that are designed to meet customers\u2019 demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity, security and control.\nOur principal executive offices are located at 1095 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036 (telephone number 212-395-1000).\nWe have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Verizon Consumer Group (Consumer) and Verizon Business Group (Business).\nOn September 1, 2021, we completed the sale of our media business, Verizon Media Group (Verizon Media), to an affiliate of Apollo Global Management Inc. Additional information is included in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries.\nVerizon Consumer Group\nOur Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the United States (U.S.) under the Verizon brand and through wholesale and other arrangements. We also provide fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through our wireless networks. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. On November 23, 2021, we completed the acquisition of TracFone Wireless, Inc. (Tracfone), a provider of prepaid and value mobile services in the U.S. Additional information is included in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries. \nIn 2021, the Consumer segment\u2019s revenues were $95.3 billion, representing approximately 71% of Verizon\u2019s consolidated revenues. As of December\u00a031, 2021, Consumer had approximately 115 million wireless retail connections, approximately 7\u00a0million wireline broadband connections, which includes Fios and Digital Subscriber Line (DSL) internet connections, and approximately 4\u00a0million Fios video connections.\nVerizon Business Group\nOur Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including data, video and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various Internet of Things (IoT) services and products. We also provide FWA broadband through our wireless networks. We provide these products and services to businesses, government customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and select products and services to customers around the world. \nIn 2021, the Business segment's revenues were $31.0\u00a0billion, representing approximately 23% of Verizon\u2019s consolidated revenues. As of December\u00a031, 2021, Business had approximately 27\u00a0million wireless retail postpaid connections and approximately 477\u00a0thousand wireline broadband connections, which includes Fios and DSL internet connections.\nAdditional discussion of our reportable segments is included in Item 7. under the headings \"Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Overview\" and - \"Segment Results of Operations\" and in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries.\nService and Product Offerings\nOur Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis. Our Business segment\u2019s wireless and wireline products and services are organized by the primary customer groups targeted by these offerings: Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale.\nWireless\nWe offer wireless services and equipment to both Consumer customers and Business customers.\nWireless Services\nOur Consumer and Business segments provide a wide variety of wireless services accessible on a broad range of devices. Customers can obtain our wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Retail (non-wholesale) postpaid accounts primarily represent retail customers that \n4\nTable of Contents\nare directly served and managed by Verizon and use Verizon branded services. A single account may include monthly wireless services for a variety of connected devices. Our postpaid service is generally billed one month in advance for a monthly access charge in return for access to and usage of network services. Our prepaid service is offered only to Consumer customers and enables individuals to obtain wireless services without credit verification by paying for all services in advance. As of December 31, 2021, we had 24 million prepaid connections, which include approximately 20 million Consumer prepaid connections due to the Tracfone acquisition. Approximately 79% of our Consumer wireless retail connections were postpaid connections as of December\u00a031, 2021. \nWe offer various postpaid and prepaid service plans tailored to the needs of our customers. Depending on those needs at a particular time, our plans may include features related to, among other things: unlimited or metered domestic and/or international voice, data, and texting; the ability to share data allowances and/or use data allowances in different periods; high definition voice and video features; premium content; the ability to use a device as a Wi-Fi hotspot; and varying data rates depending on the plan and usage on that plan. Our service offerings vary from time to time based on customer needs, technology changes and market conditions and may be provided as standard plans or as part of limited time promotional offers.\nAccess to the internet is available on all smartphones and nearly all basic phones. In addition, our customers can access the internet at broadband speeds on notebook computers and tablets that are either wireless-enabled or that are used in conjunction with separate dedicated devices that provide a mobile Wi-Fi connection.\nWe no longer offer Consumer customers new fixed-term, subsidized service plans for devices; however, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. \nWireless Equipment\nConsumer and Business offer several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled internet devices, such as tablets, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches. We permit customers to acquire equipment from us using device payment plans, which permit the customer to pay for the device in installments over time.\nVerizon Consumer Group\nIn addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, Consumer sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis. Consumer also provides non-connectivity services including device protection, cloud storage, and other products.\nResidential Fixed Services\n. We provide residential fixed connectivity solutions to customers over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio, and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. As of December\u00a031, 2021, fifth-generation (5G) fixed wireless technology for the home (5G Home)\n is available in parts of 65 U.S. cities\n. In addition, as of December\u00a031, 2021, our Long-Term Evolution (LTE) Home fixed wireless access internet service is available in parts of all 50 states across the United States.\nWe offer residential fixed services tailored to the needs of our customers. Depending on those needs at a particular time, our services may include features related to, among other things: internet access at different speed tiers using fiber-optic, copper or wireless technology; video services that may feature a variety of channel options, video on demand products, cloud-based services and digital video recording capabilities; over-the-top video services; voice services; and other home solutions. \nNetwork Access Services\n. We sell network access to mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs) on a wholesale basis, who in turn resell wireless service under their own brand(s) to consumers. Our largest such arrangement was with Tracfone, until we acquired Tracfone from Am\u00e9rica M\u00f3vil in November 2021.\nVerizon Business Group \nIn addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including data, video and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long-distance voice services and network access to deliver various IoT services and products. \nSmall and Medium Business\nSmall and Medium Business offers wireless services and equipment, conferencing services, tailored voice and networking products, Fios services, Internet Protocol (IP) networking, advanced voice solutions and security and managed information technology (IT) services to our U.S.-based small and medium businesses that do not meet the requirements to be categorized as Global Enterprise, as described below. In 2021, Small and Medium Business revenues were $11.8 billion, representing approximately 38% of Business\u2019s total revenues.\nIn addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, Small and Medium Business provides fixed connectivity solutions comparable to the residential fixed services provided by Consumer, as well as business services and connectivity similar to the products and services offered by Global Enterprise, in each case with features and pricing designed to address the needs of small and medium businesses.\n5\nTable of Contents\nGlobal Enterprise\nGlobal Enterprise offers services to large businesses, which are identified based on their size and volume of business with Verizon, as well as non-U.S. public sector customers. In 2021, Global Enterprise revenues were $10.2 billion, representing approximately 33% of Business\u2019s total revenues.\nGlobal Enterprise offers a broad portfolio of connectivity, security and professional services designed to enable our customers to optimize their business operations, mitigate business risks and capitalize on data. These services include the following:\n\u2022\nNetwork Services\n. We offer a portfolio of network connectivity products to help our customers connect with their employees, partners, vendors and customers. These products include private networking services, private cloud connectivity services, virtual and software defined networking services and internet access services. \n\u2022\nAdvanced Communications Services. \nWe offer a suite of services to our customers to help them communicate with their employees, partners, vendors, constituents and customers. These products include IP-based voice and video services, unified communications and collaboration tools and customer contact center solutions.\n\u2022\nSecurity services\n. We offer a suite of management and data security services that help our customers protect, detect and respond to security threats to their networks, data, applications and infrastructure.\n\u2022\nCore services\n. We provide a portfolio of domestic and global voice and data solutions utilizing traditional telecommunications technology, including voice calling, messaging services, conferencing, contact center solutions and private line and data access networks. Core services also include the provision of customer premises equipment, and installation, maintenance and site services. \n\u2022\nIoT services\n. We provide the network access required to deliver various IoT products and services. We work with companies that purchase network access from us to connect their devices, bundled together with their own solutions, which they sell to end users. We are building IoT capabilities by leveraging business models that monetize usage on our networks at the connectivity, platform and solution layers.\nPublic Sector and Other\nPublic Sector and Other offers wireless products and services as well as wireline connectivity and managed solutions to U.S. federal, state and local governments and educational institutions. These services include business services and connectivity similar to the products and services offered by Global Enterprise, in each case, with features and pricing designed to address the needs of governments and educational institutions. In 2021, Public Sector and Other revenues were $6.3 billion, representing approximately 20% of Business\u2019s total revenues.\nPublic Sector and Other also includes solutions that support fleet tracking management, compliance management, field service management, asset tracking and other types of mobile resource management in the U.S. and around the world. \nWholesale\nWholesale offers wireline communications services including data, voice, local dial tone and broadband services primarily to local, long distance, and wireless carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers. In 2021, Wholesale revenues were $2.7 billion, representing approximately 9% of Business\u2019s total revenues. A portion of Wholesale revenues are generated by a few large telecommunications companies, most of which compete directly with us. Wholesale's services include:\n\u2022\nData services\n. We offer a portfolio of data services to enhance our Wholesale customers\u2019 networks and provide connections to their end-users and subscribers.\n\u2022\nVoice services\n. We provide switched access services that allow carriers to complete their end-user calls that originate or terminate within our territory. In addition, we provide originating and terminating voice services throughout the U.S. and globally utilizing our time-division multiplexing and Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) networks.\n\u2022\nLocal services\n. We offer an array of local dial tone and broadband services to competitive local exchange carriers, some of which are offered to comply with telecommunications regulations. In addition, we offer services such as colocation, resale and unbundled network elements in compliance with applicable regulations.\nDistribution\nWe use a combination of direct, indirect and alternative distribution channels to market and distribute our products and services to Consumer and Business customers. \nOur direct channel, including our company-operated stores, is a core component of our distribution strategy. Our sales and service centers and business direct sales teams also represent significant distribution channels for our services. In addition, we have a robust digital channel and omni-channel experience\u00a0for our customers in order to offer choice and convenience.\n6\nTable of Contents\nOur indirect channel includes agents that sell our wireless and wireline products and services at retail locations throughout the U.S., as well as through the internet. The majority of these sales are made under exclusive selling arrangements with us. We also have relationships with high-profile national retailers that sell our wireless and wireline products and services, as well as convenience store chains that sell our wireless prepaid products and services. \nIn addition to our direct channel, our Business segment has additional distribution channels that include business solution fulfillment provided by resellers, non-stocked device fulfillment performed by distributors and integrated mobility services provided by system integrators and resellers.\nCompetition and Related Trends\nThe telecommunications industry is highly competitive. We expect competition to remain intense as traditional and non-traditional participants seek increased market share. \nWith respect to our wireless connectivity products and services, we compete against other national wireless service providers, including AT&T Inc. and T-Mobile USA, Inc., as well as various regional wireless service providers. We also compete for retail activations with resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers, including Verizon, and resell it to their customers. Resellers include cable companies and others. Competition remains intense as a result of high rates of smartphone penetration in the wireless market, increased network investment by our competitors, the development and deployment of new technologies, including 5G, the introduction of new products and services, offerings that include additional bundled premium content, increased levels of promotions and service plan discounts, new market entrants, the availability of additional licensed and unlicensed spectrum and regulatory changes. In addition, increasing government incentives related to network deployment may enhance the ability of certain of our competitors to compete with us. Competition may also increase as smaller, stand-alone wireless service providers merge or transfer licenses to larger, better capitalized wireless service providers and as MVNOs resell wireless communication services. In addition, DISH Network has committed to deploy a facilities-based 5G broadband network in each of its license areas capable of serving at least 70 percent of the U.S. population by June 2023, which could result in additional competitive pressures in the U.S. wireless industry. \nWe also face competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc., Meta Platforms, Inc. and others are offering alternative means for messaging and making wireless voice calls that, in certain cases, can be used in lieu of the wireless provider\u2019s voice service, as well as alternative means of accessing video content. In addition, we expect to see increasing competition in the provisioning of internet access by low Earth orbit satellite companies.\nWith respect to our wireline connectivity services, we compete against cable companies, wireless service providers, domestic and foreign telecommunications providers, satellite television companies, internet service providers, over-the-top (OTT) providers and other companies that offer network services and managed enterprise solutions. Cable operators have increased the size and capacity of their networks in order to deliver digital products and services. Several major cable operators offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. Traditional wireless carriers are also bundling broadband internet offerings with wireless services while increasing their broadband internet footprint. Customers have an increasing number of choices for obtaining video content from various online services. We expect the market will continue to shift from traditional linear video to OTT offerings. We expect customer migration from traditional voice services to wireless services to continue as a growing number of customers place greater value on mobility and wireless companies position their services as a landline alternative. We also face increasing competition from cable operators and other providers of VoIP services as well as internet portal providers.\nWe believe that the following are the most important competitive factors and trends in the telecommunications industry:\n\u2022\nNetwork reliability, speed and coverage.\n We consider networks that consistently provide high-quality, fast and reliable service to be a key differentiator in the market and driver of customer satisfaction. Lower prices, improved service quality and new service offerings, which in many cases include video content, have led to increased customer usage of connectivity services. We and other network-based providers must ensure that our networks can meet these increasing capacity usage requirements and offer highly reliable national coverage. \n\u2022\nPricing. \nWith respect to wireless services and equipment, pricing plays an important role in the wireless competitive landscape. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans at competitive prices. Many wireless service providers also bundle wireless service offerings with other content and offer promotional pricing and incentives, some of which may be targeted specifically to customers of Verizon. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, offer device payment options, which provide customers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and some providers offer device leasing arrangements. In addition, aggressive device promotions have become more common in an effort to gain a greater share of subscribers interested in changing carriers. Pricing also plays an important role in the wireline competitive landscape, as traditional service providers compete aggressively in offerings such as IP Networking, Core Voice and other legacy products. In addition, as non-traditional modes of providing wireline communication services emerge, new entrants attempt to capture market share from incumbents using competitive pricing. For example, VoIP and portal-based voice and video calling is often free or nearly free for customers and supported by advertising revenues. \n7\nTable of Contents\n\u2022\nCustomer service. \nWe believe that high-quality customer service is a key factor in retaining customers and attracting new customers, including those of other providers. Our customer service, retention and satisfaction programs are based on providing customers with convenient and easy-to-use products and services and focusing on their needs in order to promote long-term relationships and minimize churn.\nCustomer service is highly valued by our Business customers. We provide Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other customers with ready access to their system and performance information, and we conduct proactive testing of our networks to identify issues before they affect our customers. We service our Small and Medium Business customers through service representatives and online support, as well as through store-based representatives for small business customers. For Wholesale customers, we pursue service improvement through continued system automation initiatives.\n\u2022\nProduct differentiation.\n Customer and revenue growth are increasingly dependent on the development of new and enhanced products and services, as the delivery of new and innovative products and services has been accelerating. Customers are shifting their focus from access to applications and are seeking ways to leverage their broadband, video and wireless connections. To compete effectively, providers need to continuously review, improve and refine their product portfolio and develop and rapidly deploy new products and services tailored to the needs of customers. We continue to pursue the development and rapid deployment of new and innovative products and services, both independently and in collaboration with application providers, content providers and device manufacturers. Features such as wireless and wireline inter-operability are becoming increasingly important, driven by both customer demand and technological advancement. \n\u2022\nSales and distribution. \nA key to achieving sales success in the consumer and small and medium business sectors of the wireless industry is the reach and quality of sales channels and distribution points. We seek to optimally vary distribution channels among our company-operated stores selling wireless products and services, web-based sales and fulfillment capabilities, outside sales teams and telemarketing, our extensive indirect distribution network of retail outlets and our sale of wireless service to resellers, which resell wireless services to their end-users.\nIn addition to these competitive factors and trends, companies with a global presence are increasingly competing with us in our Business segment. A relatively small number of telecommunications and integrated service providers with global operations serve customers in the global enterprise market and, to a lesser extent, the global wholesale market. We compete with these providers for large contracts to provide integrated solutions to global enterprises and government customers. Many of these companies have strong market presence, brand recognition and existing customer relationships, all of which contribute to intensifying competition that may affect our future revenue growth. \nIn the Small and Medium Business market, customer purchasing behaviors and preferences continue to evolve. Solution speed and simplicity with user interfaces that have a consumer-like \"look and feel\" are becoming key differentiators for customers who are seeking full life-cycle offers that simplify the process of starting, running and growing their businesses. Several major cable operators also offer bundles with wireless services through strategic relationships. \nIn the Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other markets, competition levels remain high, primarily as a result of increased industry focus on technology convergence. We compete in this area with system integrators, carriers, and hardware and software providers. In addition, some of the largest information technology services companies are making strategic acquisitions, divesting non-strategic assets and forging new alliances to improve their cost structure. Many new alliances and acquisitions have focused on emerging fields, such as cloud computing, software defined networking, communication applications and other computing tasks via networks, rather than by the use of in-house machines. \nOur Wholesale business competes with traditional carriers for long-haul, voice and IP services. In addition, mobile video and data needs are driving a greater need for wireless backhaul. Network providers, cable companies and niche players are competitors for this business opportunity.\nGlobal Network and Technology\nOur global network architecture is used by Consumer and Business. Our network technology platforms include both wireless and wireline technologies. \nNetwork Evolution \nWe are transforming the architecture of our networks into our Intelligent Edge Network, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation and opportunities for edge computing services that will support our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner. \n5G Deployment \nOver the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services. We expect that 5G technology will provide higher throughput and lower latency than the current fourth-generation (4G) LTE technology and enable our networks to handle more traffic as the number of internet-connected devices grows. As of December 31, 2021, \n5G Ultra Wideband is available in parts of 87 U.S. cities and 5G Home is available in parts of 65 U.S. cities. Our FWA \n8\nTable of Contents\nbroadband service continued to grow during the year with a customer base of approximately 223 thousand as of December 31, 2021. In January 2022, we successfully deployed C-Band spectrum, reaching approximately 100 million people in the U.S. as of February 2022.\n5G Nationwide uses low and mid-band spectrum and dynamic spectrum sharing (DSS) technology, which allows 5G service to run simultaneously with 4G LTE on multiple spectrum bands. With DSS, whenever customers move outside Verizon\u2019s high-band Ultra Wideband coverage area, their 5G-enabled devices will remain on 5G technology using the lower spectrum bands where the 5G Nationwide network is available. This allows us to more fully and effectively utilize our current spectrum resources to serve both 4G and 5G customers.\n4G LTE \nThe wireless network technology platform that carries the majority of our wireless traffic is 4G LTE, which provides higher data throughput performance for data services at a lower cost compared to that offered by 3G technology. As of December\u00a031, 2021, our 4G LTE network covers approximately 328 million people, including those in areas served by our LTE in Rural America partners. Under this program, we have collaborated with wireless carriers in rural areas to build and operate a 4G LTE network using each carrier\u2019s network assets with our core 4G LTE equipment and 700 Megahertz (MHz) C Block and Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) spectrum. LTE Home Internet, our home broadband internet service, leverages the Verizon 4G LTE network.\nWireless Network Reliability and Build-Out \nWe consider the reliability, coverage and speed of our wireless network to be key factors for our continued success. We believe that steady and consistent network and platform investments provide the foundation for innovative products and services. As we design and deploy our network, we focus on the number of successful data sessions the network enables, delivering on our advertised throughput speeds, and the number of calls that are connected on the first attempt and completed without being dropped. We utilize three strategies to maintain the quality of our network: increasing the density of our network elements, deploying new technologies as they are developed and putting additional wireless spectrum into service.\nWe have been densifying our network by utilizing small cell technology, in-building solutions and distributed antenna systems. Network densification enables us to add capacity to address increasing mobile video consumption and the growing demand for IoT products and services on our 4G LTE and 5G networks. We are also utilizing existing network capabilities to handle increased traffic without interrupting the quality of the customer experience. We continue to deploy advanced technologies to increase both network capacity and data rates. \nIn order to build and upgrade our existing 4G LTE network and deploy our 5G network, we must secure rights to a large number of sites and obtain zoning and other governmental approvals and fiber facilities for our macro and small cells, in-building systems and antennas and related radio equipment that comprise distributed antenna systems. We have relationships with a wide variety of vendors that supply various products and services that support our wireless network operations. We utilize tower site management firms as lessors or managers of a portion of our existing leased and owned tower sites.\nOur networks in the U.S. include various elements of redundancy designed to enhance the reliability of the services provided to our customers. To mitigate the impact of power disruptions on our operations, we have battery backup at every switch and every macro cell. We also utilize backup generators at a majority of our macro cells and at every switch location. In addition, we have a fleet of portable backup generators that can be deployed if needed. We further enhance reliability by using a fully redundant Multiprotocol Label Switching backbone network in critical locations.\nIn addition to our own network coverage, we have roaming agreements with a number of wireless service providers to enable our customers to receive wireless service in nearly all other areas in the U.S. where wireless service is available. We also offer a variety of international wireless voice and data services to our customers through roaming arrangements with wireless service providers outside the U.S. \nFios \nResidential broadband service has seen significant growth in bandwidth demand over the past several years, and we believe that demand will continue to grow. We expect the continued emergence of new video services, new data applications and the proliferation of IP devices in the home will continue to drive new network requirements for increased data speeds and throughput. We believe that the Passive Optical Network (PON) technology underpinning Fios positions us well to meet these demands in a cost-effective and efficient manner. \nWhile deployed initially as a consumer broadband network, our PON infrastructure is also experiencing more widespread application in the Business segment, especially as businesses increasingly migrate to Ethernet-based access services.\nGlobal IP \nVerizon owns and operates one of the largest global fiber-optic networks in the world, providing connectivity to Business customers in more than 180 countries. Our global IP network includes long-haul, metro and submarine assets that enable and support international operations.\nGlobal business is rapidly evolving to an \"everything-as-a-service\" model in which Business customers seek cloud-based, converged enterprise solutions delivered securely via managed and professional services. We are continuing to deploy packet optical transport technology in order to create a global network platform to meet this demand.\n9\nTable of Contents\nSpectrum\nThe spectrum licenses we hold can be used for mobile and fixed wireless voice, video and data communications services. We are licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to provide these wireless services on portions of the 800 MHz band, also known as cellular spectrum, the 1800-1900 MHz band, also known as Personal Communication Services (PCS) spectrum, portions of the 700 MHz upper C-Band and AWS 1 and 3 spectrum in the 1700 and 2100 MHz bands, in areas that collectively cover nearly all of the population of the U.S. We have also deployed 4G technologies in 3.5 Gigahertz (GHz) shared spectrum, using LTE/Citizens Broadband Radio Service, and in 5 GHz unlicensed spectrum, using LTE/Licensed Assisted Access. All of this spectrum is collectively called low and mid-band spectrum. We are using our low and mid-band spectrum to provide 3G, 4G LTE and 5G wireless services. We are increasingly reallocating spectrum previously used for 3G service to provide 4G LTE service. We are also utilizing low and mid-band spectrum through DSS for 5G to complement our spectrum licenses in the 28 and 39 GHz band, collectively called millimeter wave spectrum. In 2021, we acquired an average of 161 MHz of new mid-band spectrum in the continental United States in the 3700-3980 MHz band, also known as C-Band. We began using C-Band for 5G service in January 2022.\nMillimeter wave spectrum is being used in conjunction with low and mid-band spectrum for our 5G technology deployment. We own millimeter wave spectrum predominantly in the 28 GHz and 37/39 GHz bands. Millimeter wave spectrum is currently being used to increase capacity for mobile and fixed wireless services in areas of high demand. We anticipate that demand will continue to increase over time, driven by growth in customer connections and the increased usage of wireless broadband services that use more bandwidth and require faster rates of speed, as well as the wider deployment of 5G mobile and fixed services. We expect to meet the demand for 4G and 5G spectrum needs with our existing spectrum assets. If demand continues to increase or if new spectrum is required for a future generation of technology, we can meet that demand by acquiring licenses or leasing spectrum from other licensees, or by acquiring new spectrum licenses from the FCC, if and when future FCC spectrum auctions occur. \nFrom time to time we have exchanged spectrum licenses with other wireless service providers through secondary market swap transactions. We expect to continue to pursue similar opportunities to trade spectrum licenses in order to meet capacity and expansion needs in the future. In certain cases, we have entered into intra-market spectrum swaps designed to increase the amount of contiguous spectrum within frequency bands in a specific market. Contiguous spectrum improves network performance and efficiency. These swaps, as well as any spectrum purchases, require us to obtain governmental approvals.\nInformation regarding spectrum license transactions is included in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries.\nHuman Capital Resources\n1\nAt Verizon, we know that our people are one of our most valuable assets. In order to realize our core business strategy, we have developed human capital programs and practices that support, develop and care for our employees from the time they join our team through the entirety of their careers with Verizon. These programs are centered on the following principles:\n\u2022\nAttract the right talent for our future and maintain a diverse workforce with high-value skills and expertise. \n\u2022\nDevelop our employees to their full potential through best-in-class educational programs and exceptional development experiences and create a culture of continuous learning and engagement.\n\u2022\nInspire individuals to build a career at Verizon by providing meaningful work and upskilling opportunities and establishing an  inclusive work environment for all.\nVerizon is committed to being an employer of choice. With approximately 118,400 employees, including approximately 800 Tracfone employees, on a full-time equivalent basis as of December\u00a031, 2021, 89% of whom are based in the U.S., we know that we need employees with diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives to help us understand and connect more meaningfully to the diverse customers and communities we serve. Our human capital programs and practices are designed to create a workplace where employees are empowered to share their authentic selves and feel seen and heard as vital contributors to Verizon\u2019s corporate purpose. In addition, Verizon has extensive on-the-job training opportunities, tuition reimbursement programs and career development support to enable our employees to maximize their potential and thrive professionally. Guided by our long-standing commitment to diversity and inclusion, our hiring and outreach programs have resulted in a strong representation of women and people of color. As of December\u00a031, 2021, Verizon's global workforce was approximately 66.9% male and 33.1% female, and the race/ethnicity of our U.S. workforce was 53.9% White, 20.1% Black, 11.9% Hispanic, 8.0% Asian, 0.4% American Indian/Alaskan Native, 0.3% Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander, 2.6% two or more races, and 2.8% unknown or undeclared. Women represented 38.7% of U.S. senior leadership (vice president level and above). People of color represented 34.9% of U.S. senior leadership.\n\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\n1 \nUnless otherwise specified, the workforce metrics disclosed in this discussion do not include employees who joined Verizon in connection with the acquisition of Tracfone in November 2021.\n10\nTable of Contents\nVerizon respects our employees\u2019 rights to freedom of association and collective bargaining in compliance with applicable law, including the right to join or not join labor unions. We have a long history of working with the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers\u2014the two unions that in total represent approximately 24.0% of our employees as of December 31, 2021. The current collective bargaining agreements covering our union- represented employees who serve customers in our Mid-Atlantic and Northeast service areas extend through August 5, 2023. In addition, where applicable outside of the U.S., we engage with employee representative bodies such as works council. Verizon meets with U.S. national and local union leaders, as well as works council leaders outside the U.S., to talk about key business topics, including safety, customer service, plans to improve operational processes, our business performance and the impacts that changing technology and competition are having on our customers, employees and business strategy. \nFor a discussion of the oversight provided by the Verizon Board of Directors over the Company\u2019s human capital management practices, see the section entitled \"Governance \u2014 Our Approach to Governance \u2014 Our Approach to Strategy and Risk Oversight \u2014 Oversight of Human Capital Management\" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.\nPatents, Trademarks and Licenses\nWe own or have licenses to various patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business. We actively pursue the filing and registration of patents, copyrights, trademarks and domain names to protect our intellectual property rights within the United States and abroad. We also actively grant licenses, in exchange for appropriate fees or other consideration and subject to appropriate safeguards and restrictions, to other companies that enable them to utilize certain of our intellectual property rights and proprietary technology as part of their products and services. Such licenses enable the licensees to take advantage of Verizon's brands and the results of Verizon\u2019s research and development efforts. While these licenses result in valuable consideration for Verizon, we do not believe that the loss of such consideration, or the expiration of any of our intellectual property rights, would have a material effect on our results of operations.\nWe periodically receive offers from third parties to purchase or obtain licenses for patents and other intellectual property rights in exchange for royalties or other payments. We also periodically receive notices alleging that our products or services infringe on third-party patents or other intellectual property rights. These claims, whether against us directly or against third-party suppliers of products or services that we sell to our customers, if successful, could require us to pay damages or royalties, rebrand, or cease offering the relevant products or services.\nRegulatory and Competitive Trends\nRegulatory and Competitive Landscape\nVerizon operates in a regulated and highly competitive market, as described above. Some of our competitors are subject to fewer regulatory constraints than Verizon. For many services offered by Verizon, the FCC is our primary regulator. The FCC has jurisdiction over interstate telecommunications services and other matters under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (Communications Act or Act). Other Verizon services are subject to state and local regulation.\nFederal, State and Local Regulation\nWireless Services\nThe FCC regulates several aspects of our wireless operations. Generally, the FCC has jurisdiction over the construction, operation, acquisition and transfer of wireless communications systems. All wireless services require use of radio frequency spectrum, the assignment and distribution of which is subject to FCC oversight. If demand continues to increase or if new spectrum is required for a future generation of technology, we can meet our needs for licensed spectrum by purchasing licenses or leasing spectrum from others, or by participating in a competitive bidding process to acquire new spectrum from the FCC. Those processes are subject to certain reviews, approvals and potential conditions.\nToday, Verizon holds FCC spectrum licenses that allow it to provide a wide range of mobile and fixed communications services, including both voice and data services. FCC spectrum licenses typically have a term of 10 years, at which time they are subject to renewal. While the FCC has routinely renewed all of Verizon\u2019s wireless licenses, challenges could be raised in the future. If a wireless license was revoked or not renewed, Verizon would not be permitted to provide services on the spectrum covered by that license. Some of our licenses require us to comply with so-called \"open access\" FCC regulations, which generally require licensees of particular spectrum to allow customers to use devices and applications of their choice, subject to certain technical limitations. The FCC has also imposed certain specific mandates on wireless carriers, including construction and geographic coverage requirements, technical operating standards, provision of enhanced 911 services, roaming obligations and requirements for wireless tower and antenna facilities.\nThe Act generally preempts regulation by state and local governments of the entry of, or the rates charged by, wireless carriers. The Act does not prohibit states from regulating the other \"terms and conditions\" of wireless service. For example, some states impose reporting requirements. Several states also have laws or regulations that address safety issues (e.g., use of wireless handsets while driving) and taxation matters. In addition, wireless tower and antenna facilities are often subject to state and local zoning and land use regulation, and securing approvals for new or modified facilities is often a lengthy and expensive process.\n11\nTable of Contents\nBroadband\nVerizon offers many different broadband services. The FCC currently recognizes broadband internet access services as \"information services\" subject to a \"light touch\" regulatory approach rather than to the traditional, utilities-style regulations. However, the FCC could return to a more utilities-style regulation of broadband. Additionally, a number of states have taken steps to attempt to regulate broadband and two of those cases related to regulations in California and Vermont are being litigated in the courts. Regardless of regulation, Verizon remains committed to the open internet, which provides consumers with competitive choices and unblocked access to lawful websites and content. Our commitment to our customers can be found on our website at https://www.verizon.com/about/our-company/verizon-broadband-commitment.\nWireline Voice\nVerizon offers many different wireline voice services, including traditional telephone service and other services that rely on technologies such as VoIP. For regulatory purposes, legacy telephone services are generally considered to be \"common carrier\" services. Common carrier services are subject to heightened regulatory oversight with respect to rates, terms and conditions and other aspects of the services. The FCC has not decided the regulatory classification of VoIP but has said VoIP service providers must comply with certain rules, such as 911 capabilities and law enforcement assistance requirements.\nState public utility commissions regulate Verizon\u2019s telephone operations with respect to certain telecommunications intrastate matters. Verizon operates as an \"incumbent local exchange carrier\" in nine states and the District of Columbia. These incumbent operations are subject to various levels of pricing flexibility and other state oversight and requirements. Verizon also has other wireline operations that are more lightly regulated.\nVideo\nVerizon offers a multichannel video service that is regulated like traditional cable service. The FCC has a body of rules that apply to cable operators, and these rules also generally apply to Verizon. In areas where Verizon offers its facilities-based multichannel video services, Verizon has been required to obtain a cable franchise from local government entities, or in some cases a state-wide franchise, and comply with certain one-time and ongoing obligations as a result.\nPrivacy and Data Security\nWe are subject to local, state, federal, and international laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security that impact all parts of our business, including wireline, wireless, broadband and the development and roll out of new products, such as those in the artificial intelligence and IoT space. At the federal level, our business is governed by the FCC or the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), depending on the product or service. Europe's General Data Protection Regulation, which went into effect in May 2018, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, which went into effect in January 2020, both include significant penalties for non-compliance. In addition, other states and countries have continued to adopt new privacy laws that apply to us. Generally, attention to privacy and data security requirements is increasing at all levels of government globally, and privacy-related legislation has been introduced or is under consideration in many locations. These regulations could have a significant impact on our businesses.\nPublic Safety and Cybersecurity\nThe FCC plays a role in addressing public safety concerns by regulating emergency communications services and mandating widespread availability of both media (broadcast/cable) and wireless emergency alerting services. In response to cyber attacks that have occurred or could occur in the future, however, the FCC or other regulators may attempt to increase regulation of the cybersecurity practices of providers. The FCC is also addressing the use by American companies of equipment produced by certain companies deemed to cause potential national security risks. Verizon does not currently use equipment in its networks from vendors under such restrictions. In addition, due to recent natural disasters, federal and state agencies may attempt to impose regulations to ensure continuity of service during disasters; for example, the California Public Utilities Commission has imposed regulations on back-up power for communications facilities.\nIntercarrier Compensation and Network Access\nThe FCC regulates some of the rates that carriers pay each other for the exchange of voice traffic (particularly traditional wireline traffic) over different networks and other aspects of interconnection for some voice services. The FCC also regulates some of the rates and terms and conditions for certain wireline \"business data services\" and other services and network facilities. Verizon is both a seller and a buyer of these services, and both makes and receives interconnection payments. The FCC has focused in recent years on whether changes in the rates, terms and conditions for both the exchange of traffic and for business data services may be appropriate.\nRegulatory Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic\nSince the time that COVID-19 began to spread throughout the world in 2020, Verizon has been subject to various international, federal, state and local policies, regulations and initiatives aimed at reducing the transmission of the disease and protecting the health and safety of the world\u2019s population. In addition, governments have imposed a wide variety of consumer protection measures that limit how certain businesses, including telecommunications companies, can operate their business and interact with their customers. Because the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain and rapidly changing, the impact of the crisis and the governmental responses to the crisis on our business in 2022 and beyond remains uncertain and difficult to predict. \n12\nTable of Contents\nInformation About Our Executive Officers\nSee Part III, Item 10. \"Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance\" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information about our executive officers.\nInformation on Our Internet Website\nWe make available, free of charge on our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports at https://www.verizon.com/about/investors as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports and other information are also available on the SEC's website at https://www.sec.gov. We periodically provide other information for investors on our website, including news and announcements regarding our financial performance, information on corporate governance and details related to our annual meeting of shareholders. We encourage investors, the media, our customers, business partners and other stakeholders to review the information we post on this channel. Website references in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the websites. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report.\nCautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements\nIn this report we have made forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations. Forward-looking statements also include those preceded or followed by the words \"anticipates,\" \"believes,\" \"estimates,\" \"expects,\" \"hopes,\" \"forecasts,\" \"plans\" or similar expressions. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. \nThe following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere in this report and in other filings with the SEC, could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: \n\u2022\ncyber attacks impacting our networks or systems and any resulting financial or reputational impact; \n\u2022\ndamage to our infrastructure or disruption of our operations from natural disasters, extreme weather conditions or terrorist attacks  and any resulting financial or reputational impact; \n\u2022\nthe impact of public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic, on our operations, our employees and the ways in which our customers use our networks and other products and services;\n\u2022\ndisruption of our key suppliers\u2019 or vendors' provisioning of products or services, including as a result of geopolitical factors, the COVID-19 pandemic or the potential impacts of global climate change;\n\u2022\nmaterial adverse changes in labor matters and any resulting financial or operational impact; \n\u2022\nthe effects of competition in the markets in which we operate; \n\u2022\nfailure to take advantage of developments in technology and address changes in consumer demand; \n\u2022\nperformance issues or delays in the deployment of our 5G network resulting in significant costs or a reduction in the anticipated benefits of the enhancement to our networks; \n\u2022\nthe inability to implement our business strategy; \n\u2022\nadverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies; \n\u2022\nchanges in the regulatory environment in which we operate, including any increase in restrictions on our ability to operate our networks or businesses; \n\u2022\nour high level of indebtedness; \n\u2022\nsignificant litigation and any resulting material expenses incurred in defending against lawsuits or paying awards or settlements;\n\u2022\nan adverse change in the ratings afforded our debt securities by nationally accredited ratings organizations or adverse conditions in the credit markets affecting the cost, including interest rates, and/or availability of further financing; \n\u2022\nsignificant increases in benefit plan costs or lower investment returns on plan assets; \n13\nTable of Contents\n\u2022\nchanges in tax laws or treaties, or in their interpretation; and \n\u2022\nchanges in accounting assumptions that regulatory agencies, including the SEC, may require or that result from changes in the accounting rules or their application, which could result in an impact on earnings. ", "item1a": ">Item\u00a01A.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Risk Factors\nThe following discussion of \"Risk Factors\" identifies factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition or future performance. This information should be read in conjunction with \"Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations\" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. The following discussion of risks is not all-inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are the material factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. These factors could cause our future results to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in forward-looking statements. \nOperational Risks\nCyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business.\nCyber attacks, including through the use of malware, computer viruses, distributed denial of services attacks, ransomware attacks, credential harvesting, social engineering and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to or disrupting the operation of our networks and systems and those of our suppliers, vendors and other service providers, could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyber attacks may cause equipment failures, loss of information, including sensitive personal information of customers or employees or valuable technical and marketing information, as well as disruptions to our or our customers\u2019 operations.\u00a0Cyber attacks against companies, including Verizon, have increased in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. They may occur alone or in conjunction with physical attacks, especially where disruption of service is an objective of the attacker. The development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating to address their increasing prevalence and sophistication. While, to date, we have not been subject to cyber attacks that, individually or in the aggregate, have been material to Verizon's operations or financial condition, the preventive actions we take to reduce the risks associated with cyber attacks, including protection of our systems and networks, may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a major cyber attack in the future.\nThe inability to operate or use our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors and other service providers as a result of cyber attacks, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses to Verizon and/or a loss of market share to our competitors. The costs associated with a major cyber attack on Verizon could include expensive incentives offered to existing customers and business partners to retain their business, increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures and the use of alternate resources, lost revenues from business interruption and litigation. Further, certain of Verizon\u2019s businesses, such as those offering security solutions and infrastructure and cloud services to business customers, could be negatively affected if our ability to protect our own networks and systems is called into question as a result of a cyber attack. Our presence in the IoT industry, which includes offerings of telematics products and services, could also increase our exposure to potential costs and expenses and reputational harm in the event of cyber attacks impacting these products or services. In addition, a compromise of security or a theft or other compromise of valuable information, such as financial data and sensitive\u00a0or private personal information, could result in lawsuits and government claims, investigations or proceedings.\u00a0Any of these occurrences could damage our reputation, adversely impact customer and investor confidence and result in a material adverse effect on Verizon\u2019s results of operation\u00a0or financial condition.\nNatural disasters, extreme weather conditions or terrorist or other hostile acts could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations.\nOur business operations are subject to interruption by power outages, terrorist or other hostile acts, natural disasters or the potential impacts of climate change, including the increasing prevalence and intensity of hurricanes, wildfires, flooding, hail and storms. Such events could cause significant damage to our infrastructure upon which our business operations rely, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers, as well as significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate to sustain our operations through all such events. We are implementing, and will continue to implement, measures to protect our infrastructure and operations from the impacts of these events in the future, but these measures and our overall disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. These events could also damage the infrastructure of the suppliers that provide us with the equipment and services that we need to operate our business and provide products to our customers. These occurrences could result in lost revenues from business interruption, damage to our reputation and reduced profits.\nPublic health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.\nWe are subject to risks related to public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which had an adverse effect on our operating results in 2020. Our business is based on our ability to provide products and services to customers throughout the United States and around the world and the ability of those customers to use and pay for those products and services for their businesses and in their daily lives. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by a crisis, like the COVID-19 pandemic, that significantly impacts the way customers use and are able to pay for our products and services, the way our employees are able to provide services to our customers, and the ways that our partners and suppliers are able to provide products and services to us. For example, public and private sector policies and initiatives to reduce the transmission of COVID-19 and initiatives Verizon took in response to the health crisis to promote the health and safety of our employees and provide critical infrastructure and connectivity to our customers, along with the related \n14\nTable of Contents\nglobal slowdown in economic activity, resulted in decreased revenues, increased costs and lower earnings per share during 2020. In addition, such a crisis could significantly increase the probability or consequences of the risks our business faces in ordinary circumstances, such as risks associated with our supplier and vendor relationships, risks of an economic slowdown, regulatory risks, and the costs and availability of financing. Because the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain and rapidly changing, the impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in 2022 and beyond remains uncertain and difficult to predict. In addition, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations depends on many factors, including those discussed above, that are not within our control.\nWe depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment that we need to operate our business.\nWe depend on various key suppliers and vendors to provide us, directly or through other suppliers, with equipment and services, such as fiber, switch and network equipment, smartphones and other wireless devices that we need in order to operate our business and provide products to our customers. For example, our smartphone and other device suppliers often rely on one vendor for the manufacture and supply of critical components, such as chipsets, used in their devices, and there are a limited number of companies capable of supplying the network infrastructure equipment on which we depend. These suppliers or vendors could fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis, or fail to meet our performance expectations, for a number of reasons, including, for example, disruption to the global supply chain as a result of geopolitical factors, the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters or the potential impacts of global climate change. If such failures occur, we may be unable to provide products and services as and when requested by our customers, or we may be unable to continue to maintain or upgrade our networks. Because of the cost and time lag that can be associated with transitioning from one supplier to another, our business could be substantially disrupted if we were required to, or chose to, replace the products or services of one or more major suppliers with products or services from another source, especially if the replacement became necessary on short notice. Any such disruption could increase our costs, decrease our operating efficiencies and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.\nThe suppliers and vendors on which we rely may also be subject to litigation with respect to technology on which we depend, including litigation involving claims of patent infringement. Such claims are frequently made in the communications industry. We are unable to predict whether our business will be affected by any such litigation. We expect our dependence on key suppliers to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology.\nA significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and we could incur additional costs or experience work stoppages as a result of the renegotiation of our labor contracts.\n1\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, approximately 24.0% of our workforce is represented by the Communications Workers of America or the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers. While we have labor contracts in place with these unions, with subsequent negotiations we could incur additional costs and/or experience work stoppages, which could adversely affect our business operations. In addition, while a small percentage of the workforce outside of our traditional wireline operations is represented by unions for bargaining, we cannot predict what impact increased union density in this workforce could have on our operations.\nEconomic and Strategic Risks\nWe face significant competition that may reduce our profits.\nWe face significant competition in our industries. The rapid development of new technologies, services and products has eliminated many of the traditional distinctions among wireless, cable, internet and local and long distance communication services and brought new competitors to our markets, including other telecommunications companies, cable companies, wireless service providers, satellite providers, technology companies and application and device providers. While these changes have enabled us to offer new types of products and services, they have also allowed other providers to broaden the scope of their own competitive offerings. If we are unable to compete effectively, we could experience lower than expected revenues and earnings. In addition, wireless service providers are significantly altering the financial relationships with their customers through commercial offers that vary service and device pricing, promotions, incentives and levels of service provided \u2013 in some cases specifically targeting our customers. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, the quality of our customer service, our development of new and enhanced products and services, the reach and quality of our sales and distribution channels, our ability to market our products and services effectively and our capital resources. It will also depend on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various factors affecting our industries, including new technologies and business models, changes in consumer preferences and demand for existing services, demographic trends and economic conditions. If we are not able to respond successfully to these competitive challenges, we could experience reduced profits.\n\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\n1 \nWorkforce profile metrics do not include employees who joined Verizon in connection with the acquisition of Tracfone in November 2021.\n15\nTable of Contents\nIf we are not able to take advantage of developments in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, or if the deployment of our 5G network is delayed or hindered for any reason, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services, be unable to implement our business strategy and experience reduced profits.\nOur industries are rapidly changing as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their communications needs and allow new entrants into the markets we serve. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings to address our customers\u2019 changing demands. If we are unable to meet \nfuture challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors. We may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new services in the market. If our new services fail to gain acceptance in the marketplace, or if costs associated with the implementation and introduction of these services materially increase, our ability to retain and attract customers could be adversely affected. \nIn addition, the deployment of our 5G network is subject to a variety of risks, including those related to equipment and spectrum availability, unexpected costs, and regulatory matters that could cause deployment delays or network performance issues. These issues could result in significant costs, put us at a competitive disadvantage, or reduce the anticipated benefits of the enhancements to our networks. \nAs we introduce new offerings and technologies, such as 5G technology, we must phase out outdated and unprofitable technologies and services. If we are unable to do so on a cost-effective basis, we could experience reduced profits. In addition, there could be legal or regulatory restraints on our ability to phase out current services.\nAdverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies could impact our results of operations.\nUnfavorable economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the U.S. or elsewhere, or inflation in the markets in which we operate, could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for some of our products and services and our cost of doing business. In difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products, electing to use fewer higher margin services, dropping down in price plans or obtaining lower-cost products and services offered by other companies. Similarly, under these conditions, the business customers that we serve may delay purchasing decisions, delay full implementation of service offerings or reduce their use of services. In addition, adverse economic conditions may lead to an increased number of our consumer and business customers that are unable to pay for services. If these events were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.\nRegulatory and Legal Risks\nChanges in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations.\nOur domestic operations are subject to regulation by the FCC and other federal, state, and local agencies, and our international operations are regulated by various foreign governments and international bodies. These regulatory regimes frequently restrict or impose conditions on our ability to operate in designated areas and provide specified products or services. We are frequently required to maintain licenses for our operations and conduct our operations in accordance with prescribed standards. We are often involved in regulatory and other governmental proceedings or inquiries related to the application of these requirements. It is impossible to predict with any certainty the outcome of pending federal and state regulatory proceedings relating to our operations, or the reviews by federal or state courts of regulatory rulings. Without relief, existing laws and regulations may inhibit our ability to expand our business and introduce new products and services. Similarly, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining the licenses needed to carry out our business plan or in maintaining our existing licenses. For example, the FCC grants wireless licenses for terms generally lasting 10 years, subject to renewal. The loss of, or a material limitation on, certain of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.\nNew laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework at the federal, state, and local, or international level, such as those described below, those that incentivize business models or technologies different from ours or requirements limiting our ability to discontinue service to customers could restrict the ways in which we manage our wireline and wireless networks and operate our businesses, impose additional costs, impair revenue opportunities, and potentially impede our ability to provide services in a manner that would be attractive to us and our customers. \n\u2022\nPrivacy and data protection\n - We are subject to federal, state and international laws related to privacy and data protection. Europe's General Data Protection Regulation, which went into effect in May 2018, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, which went into effect in January 2020, both include significant penalties for non-compliance. In addition, other states and countries have continued to adopt new privacy laws that apply to us. Generally, attention to privacy and data security requirements is increasing at all levels of government globally, and privacy-related legislation has been introduced or is under consideration in many locations. These regulations could have a significant impact on our businesses.\n\u2022\nRegulation of broadband internet access services\n - In its 2015 Title II Order, the FCC nullified its longstanding \"light touch\" approach to regulating broadband internet access services and \"reclassified\" these services as telecommunications services subject to utilities-style common carriage regulation. The FCC repealed the 2015 Title II Order in December 2017, and returned to its traditional light-touch approach for these services. The 2017 order has been affirmed in part by the D.C. Circuit but may be revisited by the FCC or by Congress. Several states have also adopted or are considering adopting laws or executive orders that \n16\nTable of Contents\nwould impose net neutrality and other requirements on some of our services (in some cases different from the FCC\u2019s 2015 rules). Although some of these have been challenged in court, the ultimate enforceability and effect of these state rules is uncertain.\n\u2022\n\"Open Access\"\n - We hold certain wireless licenses that require us to comply with so-called \"open access\" FCC regulations, which generally require licensees of particular spectrum to allow customers to use devices and applications of their choice. Moreover, certain services could be subject to conflicting regulation by the FCC and/or various state and local authorities, which could significantly increase the cost of implementing and introducing new services. \n\u2022\nClimate-Related Regulation and Policy \n\u2013 Due to the nature of our operations, we may be impacted by regulatory developments related to climate change, including, for example, the direct regulation of greenhouse gas emissions or carbon policies that could result in a tax on such emissions. In addition, policy-driven changes in the prices of fuel or energy in geographies in which we operate could make it more expensive for us to purchase energy to power our networks and data centers, and any increase in taxes on fuel could increase our costs associated with operating those vehicles in our fleet that are dependent on traditional fuels.\nThese developments and the further regulation of broadband, wireless, and our other activities and any related court decisions could result in significant increases in costs for us or restrict our ability to compete in the marketplace and limit the return we can expect to achieve on past and future investments in our networks.\nWe are subject to a substantial amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements.\nWe are subject to a substantial amount of litigation, including, from time to time, shareholder derivative suits, patent infringement lawsuits, antitrust class actions, wage and hour class actions, personal injury claims, property claims, and lawsuits relating to our advertising, sales, billing and collection practices. In addition, our wireless business also faces personal injury and wrongful death lawsuits relating to alleged health effects of wireless phones or radio frequency transmitters. We may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. In addition, we may be required to pay significant awards or settlements.\nFinancial Risks\nVerizon has significant debt, which could increase further if Verizon incurs additional debt in the future and does not retire existing debt.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, Verizon had approximately $136.7 billion of outstanding unsecured indebtedness, $9.4\u00a0billion of unused borrowing capacity under our existing revolving credit facility and $14.2 billion of outstanding secured indebtedness. Verizon\u2019s debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including:\n\u2022\nrequiring Verizon to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal, interest and other amounts payable on our debt, which would reduce the funds we have available for other purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures, dividend payments and acquisitions;\n\u2022\nmaking it more difficult or expensive for Verizon to obtain any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, debt refinancing, acquisitions or other purposes;\n\u2022\nreducing Verizon\u2019s flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our industries and market conditions;\n\u2022\nmaking Verizon more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business; and\n\u2022\nexposing Verizon to increased interest rate risk to the extent that our debt obligations are subject to variable interest rates.\nAdverse changes in the credit markets and other factors could increase our borrowing costs and the availability of financing.\nWe require a significant amount of capital to operate and grow our business. We fund our capital needs in part through borrowings in the public and private credit markets. Adverse changes in the credit markets, including increases in interest rates, could increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for our operations or refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, our ability to obtain funding under asset-backed debt transactions is subject to our ability to continue to originate a sufficient amount of assets eligible to be securitized. Our borrowing costs also can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on our performance as measured by customary credit metrics. A decrease in these ratings would likely increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. A severe disruption in the global financial markets could impact some of the financial institutions with which we do business, and such instability could also affect our access to financing.\nIncreases in costs for pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits may reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments.\nWith approximately 118,400 employees, including approximately 800 Tracfone employees, and approximately 187,000 retirees as of December\u00a031, 2021 eligible to participate in Verizon\u2019s benefit plans, the costs of pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits \n17\nTable of Contents\nhave a significant impact on our profitability. Our costs of maintaining these plans, and the future funding requirements for these plans, are affected by several factors, including increases in healthcare costs, decreases in investment returns on funds held by our pension and other benefit plan trusts and changes in the discount rate and mortality assumptions used to calculate pension and other postretirement expenses. If we are unable to limit future increases in the costs of our benefit plans, those costs could reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments.", "item7": ">Item\u00a07.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\nOverview\nVerizon Communications Inc. (Verizon or the Company) is a holding company that, acting through its subsidiaries, is one of the world\u2019s leading providers of communications, technology, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and government entities. With a presence around the world, we offer data, video and voice services and solutions on our networks and platforms that are designed to meet customers\u2019 demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity, security and control. \n19\nTable of Contents\nTo compete effectively in today\u2019s dynamic marketplace, we are focused on the capabilities of our high-performing networks to drive growth based on delivering what customers want and need in the new digital world. During 2021, we focused on leveraging our network leadership; retaining and growing our high-quality customer base while balancing profitability; enhancing ecosystems in growth businesses; and driving monetization of our networks, platforms and solutions. We are creating business value by earning customers', employees' and shareholders' trust, limiting our environmental impact and continuing our customer base growth while creating social benefit through our products and services. Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, put the spectrum into service, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, invest in the fiber that supports our businesses, evolve and maintain our networks and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities. We believe that steady and consistent investments in our networks and platforms will drive innovative products and services and fuel our growth.\nWe are consistently deploying new network architecture and technologies to secure our leadership in both fourth-generation (4G) and fifth-generation (5G) wireless networks. We expect that our next-generation multi-use platform, which we call the Intelligent Edge Network, will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost efficient manner. Our network leadership is the hallmark of our brand and the foundation for the connectivity, platforms and solutions upon which we build our competitive advantage.\nHighlights of Our 2021 Financial Results\n(dollars in millions)\n20\nTable of Contents\nBusiness Overview \nWe have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Verizon Consumer Group (Consumer) and Verizon Business Group (Business). \nRevenue by Segment \n\u2014\u2014\u2014\nNote: Excludes eliminations.\nVerizon Consumer Group\nOur Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the United States (U.S.) under the Verizon brand and through wholesale and other arrangements. We also provide fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through our wireless networks. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis.\nCustomers can obtain our wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Our postpaid service is generally billed one month in advance for a monthly access charge in return for access to and usage of network services. Our prepaid service is offered only to Consumer customers and enables individuals to obtain wireless services without credit verification by paying for all services in advance. The Consumer segment also offers several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled internet devices, such as tablets, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches. On November 23, 2021, we completed the acquisition of TracFone Wireless, Inc. (Tracfone), a provider of prepaid and value mobile services in the U.S. Additional information is included in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries. \nIn addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, Consumer sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis. The Consumer segment's operating revenues for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 totaled $95.3 billion, an increase of $6.8\u00a0billion, or 7.6%, compared to the year ended December\u00a031, 2020. See \"Segment Results of Operations\" for additional information regarding our Consumer segment\u2019s operating performance and selected operating statistics.\nVerizon Business Group\nOur Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including data, video and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various Internet of Things (IoT) services and products, including solutions that support fleet tracking management, compliance management, field service management, asset tracking and other types of mobile resource management. We also provide FWA broadband through our wireless networks. We provide these products and services to businesses, government customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and select products and services to customers around the world. The Business segment's operating revenues for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 totaled $31.0 billion, an increase of $80 million, or 0.3%, compared to the year ended December\u00a031, 2020. See \"Segment Results of Operations\" for additional information regarding our Business segment\u2019s operating performance and selected operating statistics.\nCorporate and Other\nCorporate and other primarily includes insurance captives, investments in unconsolidated businesses and development stage businesses that support our strategic initiatives, as well as unallocated corporate expenses, certain pension and other employee benefit related costs and interest and financing expenses. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested businesses including Verizon Media Group (Verizon Media), and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated in assessing segment performance due to their nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and \n21\nTable of Contents\nlosses from these transactions that are not individually significant are included in segment results as these items are included in the chief operating decision maker\u2019s assessment of segment performance. \nOn May 2, 2021, Verizon entered into a definitive agreement with an affiliate of Apollo Global Management Inc. (the Apollo Affiliate) pursuant to which we agreed to sell Verizon Media to the affiliate. The transaction closed on September 1, 2021. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. \nUnder our ownership, Verizon Media's total operating revenues were $5.3 billion for the year ended \nDecember\u00a031, 2021\n.\nCapital Expenditures and Investments\nWe continue to invest in our wireless networks, high-speed fiber and other advanced technologies to position ourselves at the center of growth trends for the future. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, these investments included $20.3 billion for capital expenditures, \ninclusive of approximately $2.1\u00a0billion in C-Band related capital expenditures.\n See \"Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities\" and \"Liquidity and Capital Resources\" for additional information.\n \nWe believe that our investments aimed at expanding our portfolio of products and services will provide our customers with an efficient, reliable infrastructure for competing in the information economy.\nGlobal Network and Technology\nWe are focusing our capital spending on adding capacity and density to our 4G Long-Term Evolution (LTE) network, while also building our next generation 5G network. We are densifying our networks by utilizing small cell technology, in-building solutions and distributed antenna systems. Network densification enables us to add capacity to address increasing mobile video consumption and the growing demand for IoT products and services on our 4G LTE and 5G networks. Over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services. We expect that 5G technology will provide higher throughput and lower latency than the current 4G LTE technology and enable our networks to handle more traffic as the number of internet-connected devices grows. As of December 31, 2021, \n5G Ultra Wideband is available in parts of 87 U.S. cities and 5G Home is available in parts of 65 U.S. cities.\n 5G Nationwide uses low and mid-band spectrum and dynamic spectrum sharing (DSS) technology, which allows 5G service to run simultaneously with 4G LTE on multiple spectrum bands. With DSS, whenever customers move outside Verizon\u2019s high-band Ultra Wideband coverage area, their 5G-enabled devices will remain on 5G technology using the lower spectrum bands where the 5G Nationwide network is available. This allows us to more fully and effectively utilize our current spectrum resources to serve both 4G and 5G customers.\nTo compensate for the shrinking market for traditional copper-based products, we continue to build fiber-based networks supporting data, video and advanced business services - areas where demand for reliable high-speed connections is growing. We are transforming the architecture of our networks into our Intelligent Edge Network, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation and opportunities for edge computing services that will support our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner.\nImpact of the COVID-19 Pandemic\nThe impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations were significant during 2020, which affects the comparability of the results from 2021 to 2020. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to be dynamic, and near-term challenges across the economy remain, including the recent surge of new virus variants across the U.S. We remain committed to caring for the health and safety of our employees and our customers through this challenge while supporting the communities in which we operate. While we have not experienced a material impact on our business from these new variants thus far, we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate impact they may have on our results of operations in the future, and will continue to monitor their daily evolution. For a discussion of the risks to our business from COVID-19, refer to Item 1A Risk Factors.\nRecent Development\nIn January 2022, we successfully deployed C-Band spectrum, reaching approximately 100 million people in the U.S. as of February 2022.\nConsolidated Results of Operations\nIn this section, we discuss our overall results of operations and highlight special items that are not included in our segment results. In \"Segment Results of Operations,\" we review the performance of our two reportable segments in more detail. A detailed discussion of 2019 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in the \"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020.\n22\nTable of Contents\nConsolidated Revenues\n(dollars in millions)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nConsumer\n$\n95,300\n\u00a0\n$\n88,533\u00a0\n$\n6,767\u00a0\n7.6\u00a0\n%\nBusiness\n31,042\n\u00a0\n30,962\u00a0\n80\u00a0\n0.3\u00a0\nCorporate and other\n7,722\n\u00a0\n9,334\u00a0\n(1,612)\n(17.3)\nEliminations\n(451)\n(537)\n86\u00a0\n(16.0)\nConsolidated Revenues\n$\n133,613\n\u00a0\n$\n128,292\u00a0\n$\n5,321\u00a0\n4.1\u00a0\nConsolidated revenues increased during 2021 compared to 2020, due to increases in our Consumer and Business segments, partially offset by a decrease in Corporate and other. \nCorporate and other revenues decreased during 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to a decrease of $1.7 billion within Verizon Media. We had four less months of operating revenues from Verizon Media as a result of the sale completed on September 1, 2021.\n See Note\u00a03 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the Verizon Media sale.\nRevenues for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading \"Segment Results of Operations.\"\nConsolidated Operating Expenses\n(dollars in millions)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nCost of services\n$\n31,234\n\u00a0\n$\n31,401\u00a0\n$\n(167)\n(0.5)\n%\nCost of wireless equipment\n25,067\n\u00a0\n19,800\u00a0\n5,267\u00a0\n26.6\u00a0\nSelling, general and administrative expense\n28,658\n\u00a0\n31,573\u00a0\n(2,915)\n(9.2)\nDepreciation and amortization expense\n16,206\n\u00a0\n16,720\u00a0\n(514)\n(3.1)\nConsolidated Operating Expenses\n$\n101,165\n\u00a0\n$\n99,494\u00a0\n$\n1,671\u00a0\n1.7\u00a0\nOperating expenses for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading \"Segment Results of Operations.\"\nCost of Services\nCost of services includes the following costs directly attributable to a service: salaries and wages, benefits, materials and supplies, content costs, contracted services, network access and transport costs, customer provisioning costs, computer systems support, costs to support our outsourcing contracts and technical facilities and traffic acquisition costs. Aggregate customer service costs, which include billing and service provisioning, are allocated between Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense. \nCost of services decreased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to:\n\u2022\na decrease of $576 million in traffic acquisition primarily related to the sale of Verizon Media;\n\u2022\na decrease of $294 million in personnel costs primarily related to the sale of Verizon Media;\n\u2022\na decrease of $220 million in access costs primarily related to a decline in voice services offset by \nthe inclusion of Tracfone results since the acquisition date\n;\n\u2022\nan increase of $349 million in rent expense related to both adding capacity to the networks to support demand and lease modifications for certain existing cell towers to support the build out of our 5G wireless network;\n\u2022\nan increase of $205 million related to the device protection offerings to our wireless retail postpaid customers;\n\u2022\nan increase of $185 million in buildings and facilities costs primarily driven by higher utility rates; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $164 million in regulatory fees related to a higher Federal Universal Service Fund (FUSF) rate.\nSee Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of Verizon Media. \n \nCost of Wireless Equipment\nCost of wireless equipment increased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to:\n\u2022\nan increase of $3.6 billion related to a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold\n, partly driven by the increased demand for 5G enabled devices\n; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $1.3 billion driven by a higher volume of wireless devices and accessories sold.\nSelling, General and Administrative Expense\nSelling, general and administrative expense includes salaries and wages and benefits not directly attributable to a service or product, the provision for credit losses, taxes other than income taxes, advertising and sales commission costs, call center and information technology \n23\nTable of Contents\ncosts, regulatory fees, professional service fees and rent and utilities for administrative space. Also included is a portion of the aggregate customer care costs as discussed above in \"Cost of Services.\"\nSelling, general and administrative expense decreased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to: \n\u2022\nthe $651 million net gain related to the sale of Verizon Media in 2021, compared to the $126 million loss related to the sale of Huffington Post in 2020. In 2021, we recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of approximately\n $\n1.0\n\u00a0billion\n and $346 million of various costs associated with the sale of Verizon Media;\n\u2022\nthe $1.2 billion loss during 2020 resulting from the exchange of spectrum licenses in connection with Auction 103, compared to the $223 million loss recognized during 2021 resulting from agreements we entered into to sell certain wireless licenses;\n\u2022\na decrease of $857 million in personnel expense primarily related to the sale of Verizon Media in 2021 and additional sales commission expense resulting from actions taken in 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic;\n\u2022\na decrease of $591 million in provision for credit losses related to both improvement in payment trends in 2021 as well as actions taken in 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $364 million in advertising and promotion costs related to brand messaging in 2021 as well as lower expenses in 2020 related to customer behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic.\nSee Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on both the sale of Verizon Media and loss on spectrum licenses.\n \nDepreciation and Amortization Expense\nDepreciation and amortization expense decreased during 2021 compared to 2020, p\nrimarily as a result of the Verizon Media sale. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information\n. \nOther Consolidated Results\nOther Income (Expense), Net\nAdditional information relating to Other income (expense), net is as follows:\n(dollars in millions)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nInterest income\n$\n48\n\u00a0\n$\n65\u00a0\n$\n(17)\n(26.2)\n%\nOther components of net periodic benefit (cost) income\n3,785\n\u00a0\n(425)\n4,210\u00a0\nnm\nEarly debt extinguishment costs\n(3,541)\n(129)\n(3,412)\nnm\nOther, net\n20\n\u00a0\n(50)\n70\u00a0\nnm\nTotal\n$\n312\n\u00a0\n$\n(539)\n$\n851\u00a0\nnm\nnm - not meaningful\nOther income (expense), net reflects certain items not directly related to our core operations, including interest income, gains and losses from non-operating asset dispositions, debt extinguishment costs, components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost and income  and foreign exchange gains and losses. \nOther income (expense), net changed during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to:\n\u2022\na net pension and postretirement benefits remeasurement gain of $2.4 billion recorded during 2021, compared with a net pension and postretirement benefits remeasurement loss of $1.6\u00a0billion recorded during 2020; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $3.4\u00a0billion in early debt redemption costs driven by tender offers, the redemptions of securities issued by Verizon and open market repurchases of Verizon and subsidiary notes in 2021.\n24\nTable of Contents\nInterest Expense\n(dollars in millions)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nTotal interest costs on debt balances\n$\n5,326\n\u00a0\n$\n4,802\u00a0\n$\n524\u00a0\n10.9\u00a0\n%\nLess capitalized interest costs\n1,841\n\u00a0\n555\u00a0\n1,286\u00a0\nnm\nTotal\n$\n3,485\n\u00a0\n$\n4,247\u00a0\n$\n(762)\n(17.9)\nAverage debt outstanding \n(1) (3)\n$\n147,035\n\u00a0\n$\n116,888\u00a0\nEffective interest rate \n(2) (3)\n3.6\n\u00a0\n%\n4.1\u00a0\n%\nnm - not meaningful\n(1)\nThe average debt outstanding is a financial measure and is calculated by applying a simple average of prior thirteen-month end balances of total short-term and long-term debt, net of discounts, premiums and unamortized debt issuance costs.\n(2)\nThe effective interest rate is the rate of actual interest incurred on debt. It is calculated by dividing the total interest costs on debt balances by the average debt outstanding. \n(3)\nWe believe that this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating our debt financing cost and trends in our debt leverage management.\nTotal interest expense decreased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to:\n\u2022\nan increase in capitalized interest costs as a result of qualifying activities performed on C-Band licenses won; and\n\u2022\nan increase in interest costs on debt balances as a result of higher average debt balances, partially offset by lower average interest rates as a result of our continuing focus on optimizing our debt footprint and total borrowing costs.\nSee Note 4 and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on spectrum licenses and debt transactions, respectively.\nProvision for Income Taxes\n(dollars in millions)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nProvision for income taxes\n$\n6,802\n\u00a0\n$\n5,619\u00a0\n$\n1,183\u00a0\n21.1\u00a0\n%\nEffective income tax rate\n23.1\n\u00a0\n%\n23.4\u00a0\n%\nThe effective income tax rate is calculated by dividing the provision for income taxes by income before the provision for income taxes. The decrease in the effective income tax rate was primarily due to the sale of Verizon Media in the current period, partially offset by the non-recurring tax benefit recognized in 2020 from a series of legal entity restructurings. The increase in the provision for income taxes was primarily due to the increase in income before income taxes in the current period. \nA reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for each period is included in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.\nConsolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA\nConsolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expenses (Consolidated EBITDA) and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which are presented below, are non-generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating operating profitability on a more variable cost basis as they exclude the depreciation and amortization expense related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior years, as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to Verizon\u2019s competitors. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated by adding back interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expenses to net income.\nConsolidated Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by excluding from Consolidated EBITDA the effect of the following non-operational items: equity in earnings and losses of unconsolidated businesses and other income and expense, net, as well as the effect of special items. We believe that this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating the effectiveness of our operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management\u2019s evaluation of business performance. We believe that Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is widely used by investors to compare a company\u2019s operating performance to its competitors by minimizing impacts caused by differences in capital structure, taxes, and depreciation and amortization policies. Further, the exclusion of non-operational items and special items enables comparability to prior period performance and trend analysis. See \"Special Items\" for additional information.\nIt is management\u2019s intent to provide non-GAAP financial information to enhance the understanding of Verizon\u2019s GAAP financial information, and it should be considered by the reader in addition to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Each non-GAAP financial measure is presented along with the corresponding GAAP measure so as not to imply that more emphasis \n25\nTable of Contents\nshould be placed on the non-GAAP measure. We believe that providing these non-GAAP measures in addition to the GAAP measures allows management, investors and other users of our financial information to more fully and accurately assess both consolidated and segment performance. The non-GAAP financial information presented may be determined or calculated differently by other companies and may not be directly comparable to that of other companies.\n(dollars in millions)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\nConsolidated Net Income\n$\n22,618\n\u00a0\n$\n18,348\u00a0\nAdd:\nProvision for income taxes\n6,802\n\u00a0\n5,619\u00a0\nInterest expense\n(1)\n3,485\n\u00a0\n4,247\u00a0\nDepreciation and amortization expense\n16,206\n\u00a0\n16,720\u00a0\nConsolidated EBITDA\n$\n49,111\n\u00a0\n$\n44,934\u00a0\nAdd (Less):\nOther (income) expense, net\n(2)\n(312)\n539\u00a0\nEquity in (earnings) losses of unconsolidated businesses\n(3)\n(145)\n45\u00a0\nSeverance charges\n209\n\u00a0\n221\u00a0\nLoss on spectrum licenses\n223\n\u00a0\n1,195\u00a0\nNet (gain) loss from dispositions of businesses\n(706)\n126\u00a0\nConsolidated Adjusted EBITDA\n$\n48,380\n\u00a0\n$\n47,060\u00a0\n(1) \nIncludes Early debt redemption costs, where applicable. See \"Special Items\" for additional information.\n(2)\n Includes Pension and benefits mark-to-market adjustments and Early debt redemption costs, where applicable. See \"Special Items\" for additional information.\n \n(3)\n Includes Net gains from dispositions of assets, where applicable. See \"Special Items\" for additional information.\nThe changes in Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in the table above during 2021 compared to 2020, were primarily a result of the factors described in connection with operating revenues and operating expenses.\nSegment Results of Operations\nWe have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Consumer and Business. We measure and evaluate our segments based on segment operating income. The use of segment operating income is consistent with the chief operating decision maker\u2019s assessment of segment performance.\nTo aid in the understanding of segment performance as it relates to segment operating income, management uses the following operating statistics to evaluate the overall effectiveness of our segments. We believe these operating statistics are useful to investors and other users of our financial information because they provide additional insight into drivers of our segments\u2019 operating results, key trends and performance relative to our peers. These operating statistics may be determined or calculated differently by other companies and may not be directly comparable to those statistics of other companies.\nWireless retail connections \nare retail customer device postpaid and prepaid connections as of the end of the period. Retail connections under an account may include those from smartphones and basic phones (collectively, phones), as well as tablets and other internet devices, including wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail connections are calculated by adding total retail postpaid and prepaid new connections in the period to prior period retail connections, and subtracting total retail postpaid and prepaid disconnects in the period. \nWireless retail postpaid connections\n are retail postpaid customer device connections as of the end of the period. Retail connections under an account may include those from phones, as well as tablets and other internet devices, including wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail postpaid connections are calculated by adding retail postpaid new connections in the period to prior period retail postpaid connections, and subtracting retail postpaid disconnects in the period. \nFios internet connections\n are the total number of connections to the internet using Fios internet services as of the end of the period. Fios internet connections are calculated by adding Fios internet new connections in the period to prior period Fios internet connections, and subtracting Fios internet disconnects in the period.\nFios video connections \nare the total number of connections to traditional linear video programming using Fios video services as of the end of the period. Fios video connections are calculated by adding Fios video net additions in the period to prior period Fios video connections. Fios video net additions are calculated by subtracting the Fios video disconnects from the Fios video new connections.\nWireline broadband connections\n are the total number of connections to the internet using Digital Subscriber Line (DSL) and Fios internet services as of the end of the period. Wireline broadband connections are calculated by adding wireline broadband net additions in the period to prior period wireline broadband connections. Wireline broadband net additions are calculated by subtracting the wireline broadband disconnects from the wireline broadband new connections.\n26\nTable of Contents\nWireless retail connections, net addition\ns are the\n \ntotal number of additional retail customer device postpaid and prepaid connections, less the number of device disconnects in the period. Wireless retail connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the total retail postpaid and prepaid disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the total retail postpaid and prepaid new connections in the period. \nWireless retail postpaid connections, net additions \nare the total number of additional retail customer device postpaid connections, less the number of device disconnects in the period. Wireless retail postpaid connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the retail postpaid disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the retail postpaid new connections in the period. \nWireless retail postpaid phone connections, net additions \nare the total number of additional retail customer postpaid phone connections, less the number of phone disconnects in the period. Wireless retail postpaid phone connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the retail postpaid phone disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the retail postpaid phone new connections in the period. \n \nWireless Churn\n is the rate at which service to retail, retail postpaid, or retail postpaid phone connections is terminated on average in the period. The churn rate in each period presented is calculated by dividing retail disconnections, retail postpaid disconnections, or retail postpaid phone disconnections by the average retail connections, average retail postpaid connections, or average retail postpaid phone connections, respectively, in the period. \nWireless retail postpaid ARPA\n is the calculated average retail postpaid service revenue per account (ARPA) from retail postpaid accounts in the period. Wireless retail postpaid service revenue does not include recurring device payment plan billings related to the Verizon device payment program, plan billings related to device warranty and insurance or regulatory fees. Wireless retail postpaid ARPA in each period presented is calculated by dividing retail postpaid service revenue by the average retail postpaid accounts in the period.    \nWireless retail postpaid accounts\n are wireless retail customers that are directly served and managed under the Verizon brand and use its services as of the end of the period. Accounts include unlimited plans, shared data plans and corporate accounts, as well as legacy single connection plans and multi-connection family plans. A single account may include monthly wireless services for a variety of connected devices. Wireless retail postpaid accounts are calculated by adding retail postpaid new accounts to the prior period retail postpaid accounts.  \nWireless retail postpaid connections per account \nis the calculated average number of retail postpaid connections per retail postpaid account as of the end of the period. Wireless retail postpaid connections per account\n \nis calculated by dividing the total number of retail postpaid connections by the number of retail postpaid accounts as of the end of the period.\n \nSegment operating income margin\n reflects the profitability of the segment as a percentage of revenue. Segment operating income margin is calculated by dividing total segment operating income by total segment operating revenues. \nSegment earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Segment EBITDA)\n, which is presented below, is a non-GAAP measure and does not purport to be an alternative to operating income (loss) as a measure of operating performance. We believe this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating operating profitability on a more variable cost basis as it excludes the depreciation and amortization expenses related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior years, as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to our competitors. Segment EBITDA is calculated by adding back depreciation and amortization expense to segment operating income (loss). Segment EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing Segment EBITDA by total segment operating revenues. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nVerizon Consumer Group\nOur Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the U.S. under the Verizon brand and through wholesale and other arrangements. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. \n27\nTable of Contents\nOperating Revenues and Selected Operating Statistics \n(dollars in millions, except ARPA)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nService\n$\n67,733\n\u00a0\n$\n64,884\u00a0\n$\n2,849\u00a0\n4.4\u00a0\n%\nWireless equipment\n19,781\n\u00a0\n15,492\u00a0\n4,289\u00a0\n27.7\u00a0\nOther\n7,786\n\u00a0\n8,157\u00a0\n(371)\n(4.5)\nTotal Operating Revenues\n$\n95,300\n\u00a0\n$\n88,533\u00a0\n$\n6,767\u00a0\n7.6\u00a0\nConnections (\u2018000):\n(1)\nWireless retail connections\n115,395\n\u00a0\n94,373\u00a0\n21,022\u00a0\n22.3\u00a0\nWireless retail postpaid connections\n91,543\n\u00a0\n90,346\u00a0\n1,197\u00a0\n1.3\u00a0\nFios internet connections\n6,541\n\u00a0\n6,202\u00a0\n339\u00a0\n5.5\u00a0\nFios video connections\n3,573\n\u00a0\n3,854\u00a0\n(281)\n(7.3)\nWireline broadband connections\n6,888\n\u00a0\n6,647\u00a0\n241\u00a0\n3.6\u00a0\nNet Additions in Period (\u2018000):\n(2)\nWireless retail\n1,062\n\u00a0\n(5)\n1,067\u00a0\nnm\nWireless retail postpaid\n1,114\n\u00a0\n40\u00a0\n1,074\u00a0\nnm\nWireless retail postpaid phones\n575\n\u00a0\n95\u00a0\n480\u00a0\nnm\nChurn Rate:\nWireless retail\n1.10\n\u00a0\n%\n1.03\u00a0\n%\nWireless retail postpaid\n0.89\n\u00a0\n%\n0.87\u00a0\n%\nWireless retail postpaid phones\n0.71\n\u00a0\n%\n0.67\u00a0\n%\nAccount Statistics:\nWireless retail postpaid ARPA\n$\n122.30\n\u00a0\n$\n118.40\u00a0\n$\n3.90\u00a0\n3.3\u00a0\nWireless retail postpaid accounts (\u2018000)\n(1)\n33,651\n\u00a0\n33,659\u00a0\n(8)\n\u2014\u00a0\nWireless retail postpaid connections per account\n(1)\n2.72\n\u00a0\n2.68\u00a0\n0.04\u00a0\n1.5\u00a0\n(1)\nAs of end of period\n(2)\nIncludes certain adjustments\n        nm - not meaningful\nConsumer's total operating revenues increased during 2021 compared to 2020, as a result of increases in Service and Wireless equipment revenues, partially offset by a decrease in Other revenue. The increase in Consumer total operating revenues includes the net impact of approximately $680 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 as a result of our acquisition of Tracfone.\nService Revenue \nService revenue increased during 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by increases in wireless and Fios service revenues.\nWireless service revenue increased $2.5 billion during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to:\n\u2022\nan increase of $1.3 billion in access revenues related to our postpaid plans driven by additional subscribers and migrations to higher priced plans as well as growth related to content offerings, cloud services and mobile security products included in certain protection packages; \n\u2022\nan increase of $544 million, representing the net impact as a result of the acquisition of Tracfone in the fourth quarter of 2021; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $464 million related to growth in non-retail service revenue.\nFor the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, Fios service revenue totaled $10.8 billion, representing an increase of $462 million compared to 2020 primarily resulting from an increase in Fios internet connections, reflecting increased demand for higher broadband speeds, partially offset by a decrease in Fios voice revenues.\nSee Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the acquisition of Tracfone.\nWireless Equipment Revenue\nWireless equipment revenue increased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to:\n\u2022\nan increase of $2.6 billion related to a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold, partly driven by the increased demand for 5G enabled devices; and\n28\nTable of Contents\n\u2022\nan increase of $1.6 billion driven by a higher volume of wireless devices and accessories sold, partially offset by related promotions.\nOther Revenue\nOther revenue includes non-service revenues such as regulatory fees, cost recovery surcharges, revenues associated with certain products included in our device protection offerings, leasing and interest on equipment financed under a device payment plan agreement when sold to the customer by an authorized agent. \nOther revenue decreased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to: \n\u2022\na decrease of $462 million that resulted from an update to our device protection offering which increased the price of the bundled offering and changed the product mix within the offering such that a smaller amount of the overall device protection revenue is recognized in Other revenue; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $128 million related to cost recovery surcharges.\nOperating Expenses\n(dollars in millions)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nCost of services\n$\n16,581\n\u00a0\n$\n15,610\u00a0\n$\n971\u00a0\n6.2\u00a0\n%\nCost of wireless equipment\n20,523\n\u00a0\n15,736\u00a0\n4,787\u00a0\n30.4\u00a0\nSelling, general and administrative expense\n16,562\n\u00a0\n16,936\u00a0\n(374)\n(2.2)\nDepreciation and amortization expense\n11,679\n\u00a0\n11,395\u00a0\n284\u00a0\n2.5\u00a0\nTotal Operating Expenses\n$\n65,345\n\u00a0\n$\n59,677\u00a0\n$\n5,668\u00a0\n9.5\u00a0\nCost of Services\nCost of services increased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to:\n\u2022\nan increase in rent expense of $323 million related to adding capacity to the networks to support demand and lease modifications for certain existing cell towers to support the build out of our 5G wireless network; \n\u2022\nan increase in digital content costs of $209 million driven by additional streaming service subscriptions, partially offset by a decline in traditional linear content costs;\n\u2022\nan increase of $197 million related to the device protection offerings to our wireless retail postpaid customers; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $133 million in network access costs primarily driven by the inclusion of Tracfone results since acquisition date.\nCost of Wireless Equipment\nCost of wireless equipment increased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to:\n\u2022\nan increase of $2.3 billion driven by a higher volume of wireless devices and accessories sold; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $2.2 billion related to a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold, partly driven by the increased demand for 5G enabled devices. \nSelling, General and Administrative Expense\nSelling, general and administrative expense decreased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to:\n\u2022\na decrease in provision for credit losses of $564 million related to both improvement in payment trends in 2021 as well as actions taken in 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic;\n\u2022\na decrease in personnel expense of $237 million \nprimarily driven by additional sales commission expense related to actions taken in 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic;\n \n\u2022\nan increase in advertising expenses of $390 million related to brand messaging in 2021 as well as lower expenses in 2020 related to customer behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic; and\n\u2022\nan increase in building and facilities of $121 million primarily driven by higher utility rates. \nDepreciation and Amortization Expense\nDepreciation and amortization expense increased during 2021 compared to 2020, driven by the change in the mix of total Verizon depreciable assets and Consumer's usage of those assets.\n29\nTable of Contents\nSegment Operating Income and EBITDA\n(dollars in millions)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nSegment Operating Income\n$\n29,955\n\u00a0\n$\n28,856\u00a0\n$\n1,099\u00a0\n3.8\u00a0\n%\nAdd Depreciation and amortization expense\n11,679\n\u00a0\n11,395\u00a0\n284\u00a0\n2.5\u00a0\nSegment EBITDA\n$\n41,634\n\u00a0\n$\n40,251\u00a0\n$\n1,383\u00a0\n3.4\u00a0\nSegment operating income margin\n31.4\n\u00a0\n%\n32.6\u00a0\n%\nSegment EBITDA margin\n43.7\n\u00a0\n%\n45.5\u00a0\n%\nThe changes in the table above during the periods presented were primarily a result of the factors described in connection with operating revenues and operating expenses. \nVerizon Business Group\nOur Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including data, video and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various IoT services and products. We provide these products and services to businesses, government customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and select products and services to customers around the world. The Business segment is organized in four customer groups: Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale.\nOperating Revenues and Selected Operating Statistics  \n(dollars in millions)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nSmall and Medium Business\n$\n11,774\n\u00a0\n$\n11,132\u00a0\n$\n642\u00a0\n5.8\u00a0\n%\nGlobal Enterprise\n10,224\n\u00a0\n10,410\u00a0\n(186)\n(1.8)\nPublic Sector and Other\n6,324\n\u00a0\n6,362\u00a0\n(38)\n(0.6)\nWholesale\n2,720\n\u00a0\n3,058\u00a0\n(338)\n(11.1)\nTotal Operating Revenues\n(1)\n$\n31,042\n\u00a0\n$\n30,962\u00a0\n$\n80\u00a0\n0.3\u00a0\nConnections (\u2018000):\n(2)\nWireless retail postpaid connections\n27,411\n\u00a0\n26,507\u00a0\n904\u00a0\n3.4\u00a0\nFios internet connections\n356\n\u00a0\n335\u00a0\n21\u00a0\n6.3\u00a0\nFios video connections\n71\n\u00a0\n73\u00a0\n(2)\n(2.7)\nWireline broadband connections\n477\n\u00a0\n482\u00a0\n(5)\n(1.0)\nNet Additions in Period ('000):\n(3)\nWireless retail postpaid\n1,001\n\u00a0\n1,518\u00a0\n(517)\n(34.1)\nWireless retail postpaid phones\n509\n\u00a0\n572\u00a0\n(63)\n(11.0)\nChurn Rate:\nWireless retail postpaid\n1.27\n\u00a0\n%\n1.20\u00a0\n%\nWireless retail postpaid phones\n1.03\n\u00a0\n%\n0.96\u00a0\n%\n(1)\nService and other revenues included in our Business segment amounted to approximately $27.7 billion and $28.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Wireless equipment revenues included in our Business segment amounted to approximately $3.4\u00a0billion and $2.9 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.\n(2)\nAs of end of period\n(3)\nIncludes certain adjustments \nBusiness's total operating revenues increased during 2021 compared to 2020, as a result of an increase in Small and Medium Business revenue, partially offset by decreases in Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other and Wholesale revenues.\nSmall and Medium Business\nSmall and Medium Business offers wireless services and equipment, conferencing services, tailored voice and networking products, Fios services, Internet Protocol (IP) networking, advanced voice solutions and security and managed information technology services to our U.S.-based small and medium businesses that do not meet the requirements to be categorized as Global Enterprise, as described below.\n30\nTable of Contents\nSmall and Medium Business revenues increased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to: \n\u2022\nan increase in wireless equipment revenue of $392 million driven by a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of devices sold and higher volumes, partially offset by an increase in promotions; \n\u2022\nan increase in wireless service revenue of $331 million driven by an increase in the amount of wireless retail postpaid connections, as well as increases in usage and non-recurring fees related to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year; and\n\u2022\na decrease of $127 million related to the loss of voice and DSL service connections.\nFios revenues totaled $984\u00a0million, which represents an increase of $58\u00a0million during 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was primarily related to increases in total connections, as well as increased demand for higher broadband speeds.\nGlobal Enterprise\nGlobal Enterprise offers services to large businesses, which are identified based on their size and volume of business with Verizon, as well as non-U.S. public sector customers.\nGlobal Enterprise revenues decreased during 2021 compared to 2020\u00a0and was primarily due to: \n\u2022\na decrease of $467 million in traditional data and voice communication services related to secular pressures in the marketplace;\n\u2022\nan increase of $106 million in wireless equipment revenue driven by a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of devices sold and higher volumes;\n\u2022\nan increase of $90 million in customer premise equipment related to increased volumes; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $58 million related to professional services revenue.\nPublic Sector and Other\nPublic Sector and Other offers wireless products and services as well as wireline connectivity and managed solutions to U.S. federal, state and local governments and educational institutions. These services include business services and connectivity similar to the products and services offered by Global Enterprise, in each case, with features and pricing designed to address the needs of governments and educational institutions.\nPublic Sector and Other revenues decreased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to:  \n\u2022\na decrease of $248\u00a0million due to customers migrating to new solutions, customer premise equipment volumes and other miscellaneous activity;\n\u2022\na decrease of $42 million in wireless equipment revenue primarily driven by a decrease in the number of wireless devices sold as a result of a reduction in activations partly related to COVID-19 impacts in the prior year. The decrease is partially offset by a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold; \n\u2022\nan increase in wireless service revenue of $217 million primarily related to a higher volume of wireless connections driven by shifting technology needs in remote business environments, particularly in education; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $52 million in professional services revenue.\nWholesale\nWholesale offers wireline communications services including data, voice, local dial tone and broadband services primarily to local, long distance, and wireless carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers.\nWholesale revenues decreased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to: \n\u2022\na decrease of $338 million related to declines in traditional voice communication and network connectivity as a result of technology substitution.\nOperating Expenses\n(dollars in millions)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nCost of services\n$\n10,653\n\u00a0\n$\n10,659\u00a0\n$\n(6)\n(0.1)\n%\nCost of wireless equipment\n4,544\n\u00a0\n4,064\u00a0\n480\u00a0\n11.8\u00a0\nSelling, general and administrative expense\n8,324\n\u00a0\n8,380\u00a0\n(56)\n(0.7)\nDepreciation and amortization expense\n4,084\n\u00a0\n4,086\u00a0\n(2)\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal Operating Expenses\n$\n27,605\n\u00a0\n$\n27,189\u00a0\n$\n416\u00a0\n1.5\u00a0\nCost of Services\nCost of services were relatively flat during 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to: \n\u2022\na decrease in access costs of $317 million related to a decline in voice services;\n\u2022\nan increase in direct costs of $128 million related to professional services;\n\u2022\nan increase in building and facilities costs of $119 million primarily driven by higher utility rates; and\n\u2022\nan increase in regulatory fees of $81 million related to a higher FUSF rate.\n31\nTable of Contents\nCost of Wireless Equipment\nCost of wireless equipment increased during 2021 compared to 2020 and was primarily due to: \n\u2022\nan increase of $987 million related to a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold; and\n\u2022\na decrease of $578 million driven by a lower volume of wireless devices sold.\nSelling, General and Administrative Expense\nSelling, general and administrative expense decreased during 2021 compared to 2020, and was primarily due to:\n\u2022\na decrease in personnel expense of $140 million \nprimarily driven by additional sales commission expense related to actions taken in 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and lower consulting fees; and\n\u2022\nan increase of $71 million in data and network systems related to IT and technology contracts.\nSegment Operating Income and EBITDA\n(dollars in millions)\nIncrease/(Decrease)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nSegment Operating Income\n$\n3,437\n\u00a0\n$\n3,773\u00a0\n$\n(336)\n(8.9)\n%\nAdd Depreciation and amortization expense\n4,084\n\u00a0\n4,086\u00a0\n(2)\n\u2014\u00a0\nSegment EBITDA\n$\n7,521\n\u00a0\n$\n7,859\u00a0\n$\n(338)\n(4.3)\nSegment operating income margin\n11.1\n\u00a0\n%\n12.2\u00a0\n%\nSegment EBITDA margin\n24.2\n\u00a0\n%\n25.4\u00a0\n%\nThe changes in the table above during the periods presented were primarily a result of the factors described in connection with operating revenues and operating expenses. \nSpecial Items\nSpecial items included in Income Before Provision For Income Taxes were as follows:\n\u00a0\n(dollars in millions)\nYears Ended December 31,\n2021\n2020\nSeverance, pension and benefits charges (credits)\nSelling, general and administrative expense\n$\n209\n\u00a0\n$\n221\u00a0\nOther income (expense), net\n(2,379)\n1,610\u00a0\nLoss on spectrum licenses\nSelling, general and administrative expense\n223\n\u00a0\n1,195\u00a0\nNet early debt redemption costs\nOther income (expense), net\n3,541\n\u00a0\n129\u00a0\nInterest expense\n\u2014\n\u00a0\n(27)\nNet (gain) loss from dispositions of assets and businesses\nSelling, general and administrative expense\n(706)\n126\u00a0\nEquity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated businesses\n(131)\n\u2014\u00a0\nOther income (expense), net\n\u2014\n\u00a0\n(7)\nTotal\n$\n757\n\u00a0\n$\n3,247\u00a0\nThe Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA non-GAAP measure presented in the Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA discussion (see \"Consolidated Results of Operations\") excludes all of the amounts included above, as described below. \n32\nTable of Contents\nThe income and expenses related to special items included in our consolidated results of operations were as follows:\n(dollars in millions)\nYears Ended December 31,\n2021\n2020\nWithin Total Operating Expenses\n$\n(274)\n$\n1,542\u00a0\nWithin Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated businesses\n(131)\n\u2014\u00a0\nWithin Other income (expense), net\n1,162\n\u00a0\n1,732\u00a0\nWithin Interest expense\n\u2014\n\u00a0\n(27)\nTotal\n$\n757\n\u00a0\n$\n3,247\u00a0\nSeverance, Pension and Benefits Charges (Credits) \nDuring 2021, in accordance with our accounting policy to recognize actuarial gains and losses in the period in which they occur, we recorded net pre-tax pension and benefits credits of $2.4\u00a0billion in our pension and postretirement benefit plans. The credits were recorded in Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statement of income and were primarily driven by a credit of $1.1\u00a0billion due to an increase in our discount rate assumption used to determine the current year liabilities of our pension plans and postretirement benefit plans from a weighted-average of 2.6% at December 31, 2020 to a weighted-average of 2.9% at December 31, 2021, a credit of $847\u00a0million due to the difference between our estimated and our actual return on assets and a credit of $453 million due to other actuarial assumption adjustments. During 2021, we also recorded net pre-tax severance charges of $209\u00a0million related to voluntary separations under our existing plans in Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of income.\nDuring 2020, in accordance with our accounting policy to recognize actuarial gains and losses in the period in which they occur, we recorded net pre-tax pension and benefits charges of $1.6 billion in our pension and postretirement benefit plans. The charges were recorded in Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of income and were primarily driven by a charge of $3.2 billion due to a decrease in our discount rate assumption used to determine the current year liabilities of our pension plans and postretirement benefit plans from a weighted-average of 3.3% at December 31, 2019 to a weighted-average of 2.6% at December 31, 2020, partially offset by a credit of $1.6 billion due to the difference between our estimated and our actual return on assets. During 2020, we also recorded net pre-tax severance charges of $221 million related to a voluntary offer under our existing separation plans in Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of income. \nDue to the presentation of the other components of net periodic benefit cost, we recognize a portion of the pension and benefits charges (credits) in Other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of income. \nSee Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to severance, pension and benefits charges (credits).\nLoss on Spectrum Licenses\nDuring 2021, we recognized a pre-tax loss of $223\u00a0million as a result of signing two agreements to sell certain wireless licenses.\nDuring 2020, we recorded a pre-tax net loss of $1.2\u00a0billion as a result of the conclusion of the FCC incentive auction, Auction 103, for spectrum licenses in the upper 37 Gigahertz (GHz), 39 GHz and 47 GHz bands. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nNet Early Debt Redemption Costs\nDuring 2021, we recorded pre-tax early debt redemption costs of $3.5 billion in connection with tender offers, the redemptions of securities issued by Verizon and open market repurchases of various Verizon and subsidiary notes.\nDuring 2020, we recorded net pre-tax early debt redemption costs of $102 million in connection with the redemptions of securities issued by Verizon and open market repurchases.\nSee Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our early debt redemptions.\nNet (Gain) Loss from Dispositions of Assets and Businesses\nDuring 2021, we recorded a pre-tax net gain of $837\u00a0million, primarily in connection with the sales of Verizon Media and our investment in the Complex Media business. During 2020, we recorded a pre-tax net loss of $119\u00a0million, primarily in connection with the sale of our Huffington Post business.\nSee Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to dispositions of assets and businesses.\nOperating Environment and Trends\nThe telecommunications industry is highly competitive. We expect competition to remain intense as traditional and non-traditional participants seek increased market share. Our high-quality customer base and networks differentiate us from our competitors and give us the ability to plan and manage through changing economic and competitive conditions. We remain focused on executing on the fundamentals of the business: maintaining a high-quality customer base, delivering strong financial and operating results and strengthening our balance sheet. \n33\nTable of Contents\nWe will continue to invest for growth, which we believe is the key to creating value for our shareholders. We continue to lead in 4G LTE performance while building momentum for our 5G network. Our strategy lays the foundation for the future through investments in our Intelligent Edge Network that enable efficiencies throughout our core infrastructure and deliver flexibility to meet customer requirements.\nThe U.S. wireless market has achieved a high penetration of smartphones, which reduces the opportunity for new phone connection growth for the industry. We expect future revenue growth in the industry to be driven by expanding existing customer relationships, increasing the number of ways customers can connect with wireless networks and services and increasing the penetration of other connected devices including wearables, tablets and IoT devices. We expect 5G technology will provide a significant opportunity for growth in the industry in 2022 and beyond. With respect to our wireless connectivity products and services, we compete against other national wireless service providers, including AT&T Inc. and T-Mobile USA, Inc., as well as various regional wireless service providers. We also compete for retail activations with resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers, including Verizon, and resell it to their customers. Resellers include cable companies and others. We face competition from other communications and technology companies seeking to increase their brand recognition and capture customer revenue with respect to the provision of wireless products and services, in addition to non-traditional offerings in mobile data. For example, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc., Meta Platforms, Inc. and others are offering alternative means for messaging and making wireless voice calls that, in certain cases, can be used in lieu of the wireless provider\u2019s voice service, as well as alternative means of accessing video content.\nWith respect to wireless services and equipment, pricing plays an important role in the wireless competitive landscape. We compete in this area by offering our customers services and devices that we believe they will regard as the best available value for the price. As the demand for wireless services continues to grow, wireless service providers are offering a range of service plans at competitive prices. These service offerings will vary from time to time based on customer needs, technology changes and market conditions and may be provided as standard plans or as part of limited time promotional offers.\nWe expect future service revenue growth opportunities to arise from increased access revenue as customers shift to higher access plans, driven in part by attractive bundled content with premium brands, as well as from increased connections per account. Future service revenue growth opportunities will be dependent on expanding the penetration of our services, increasing the number of ways that our customers can connect with our networks and services and the development of new ecosystems. We and other wireless service providers, as well as equipment manufacturers, offer device payment options, which provide customers with the ability to pay for their device over a period of time, and some providers offer device leasing arrangements.\nCurrent and potential competitors in the wireline service market include cable companies, wireless service providers, domestic and foreign telecommunications providers, satellite television companies, internet service providers, over-the-top providers and other companies that offer network services and managed enterprise solutions.\nIn addition, companies with a global presence are increasingly competing with us in our wireline services. A relatively small number of telecommunications and integrated service providers with global operations serve customers in the global enterprise market and, to a lesser extent, the global wholesale market. We compete with these providers for large contracts to provide integrated solutions to global enterprises and government customers. Many of these companies have strong market presence, brand recognition and existing customer relationships, all of which contribute to intensifying competition that may affect our future revenue growth.\nDespite this challenging environment, we expect that we will be able to grow key aspects of our wireline services. We continue to provide network reliability and offer products, which include fiber-optic internet access, several video services, and voice services. Further, we will continue to offer our business and government customers more robust IP products and services, and advance our IoT strategies by leveraging business models that monetize usage on our networks at the connectivity, platform and solution layers.\nWe will also continue to focus on cost efficiencies to ensure we have the maximum flexibility to adjust to changes in the competitive and economic environments and maximize returns to shareholders.\n2022 Connection Trends\nIn our Consumer segment, we expect to continue to attract new customers and maintain high-quality retail postpaid customers, capitalizing on demand for data services and providing our customers new ways of using wireless services in their daily lives. We expect that future connection growth will be driven by smartphones, tablets and other connected devices such as wearables. We believe the combination of our wireless network performance and Mix & Match unlimited plans provides a superior customer experience, supporting increased penetration of data services and the continued attraction and retention of higher valued retail postpaid connections. We anticipate continued pressure in 2022 related to Tracfone subscribers as we seek to improve the customer retention rate that has declined over the prior two years, however expect to grow the Tracfone customer base over time by furthering our investment and increasing our product and service offerings within the business. We expect to manage churn by providing a consistent, reliable experience on our wireless service and focusing on improving the customer experience through simplified pricing and continued focus in our distribution channels. We expect to continue to grow our Fios internet connections as we seek to increase our penetration rates within our Fios service areas, further supported by the demand for higher speed internet connections. At the same time, we expect accelerating fixed wireless access connections to complement strong Fios results as demand for services continues to grow. In Fios video, the business continues to face ongoing pressure as observed throughout the linear television market. We expect to manage market pressure by offering customers a choice of video service, including options such as Mix & Match on Fios and other offerings. We have experienced continuing access line and DSL losses as customers have disconnected both primary \n34\nTable of Contents\nand secondary lines and switched to alternative technologies such as wireless, Voice over Internet Protocol, and cable for voice and data services. \nIn our Business segment, we offer wireless products and services to business and government customers across the U.S. We continue to grow our retail connections while operating in a competitive environment. We expect that this connection growth, combined with our industry-leading network assets, will provide additional opportunities to sell solutions, such as those around security, advanced communications and professional services.\u00a0We also expect to expand our existing services offered to business customers through our Intelligent Edge Network, our multi-use platform. \nIn addition, in both our Consumer and our Business segments, we expect to support connection growth in part by adding capacity and density to our 4G LTE network, and by leading the build-out of our 5G network. We also anticipate the continued migration of 3G connections onto 4G and 5G technologies with the expected cessation of 3G services.\n2022 Operating Revenue Trends\nIn our Consumer segment, we expect to see a continuation of service revenue growth in 2022 as customers shift to higher access plans with additional services and increase the number of devices they connect with our networks and services. We expect continued growth in wireless service revenue, driven by Tracfone contributions, migrations to higher priced plans and increases in fixed wireless access connections. We expect Fios revenue to benefit in 2022 as growth in our broadband customer base and increases in demand for higher speed internet connections offsets the impact of the shift from the triple-play bundle to standalone service.\nIn our Business segment, we expect wireless revenue to expand, driven by growth from increases in wireless volumes and fixed wireless access contributions. We expect that Fios, through increased penetration, will also contribute to revenue growth. Legacy traditional wireline services will continue to face secular pressures.\nOn September 1, 2021, we completed the sale of Verizon Media. We expect to see a decrease in operating revenues as a result of this divestiture.\n2022 Operating Expense and Cash Flow from Operations Trends\nWe expect our consolidated operating income margin and adjusted consolidated EBITDA margin to remain strong as we continue to drive revenue growth and undertake initiatives to reduce our overall cost structure by improving productivity and gaining efficiencies in our operations throughout the business in 2022 and beyond. Business Excellence initiatives include zero-based budgeting methodology, driving capital efficiencies from the architecture of the networks and evolving our Information Technology strategy. We believe our additional investments in our Business segment in both product simplification and continued focus on process improvements and new work tools will drive cost savings and create incremental growth opportunities in areas such as 5G and One Fiber. \nWe create value for our shareholders by investing the cash flows generated by our business in opportunities and transactions that support continued profitable growth, thereby increasing customer satisfaction and usage of our products and services. In addition, we have used our cash flows to maintain and grow our dividend payout to shareholders. Verizon\u2019s Board of Directors increased the Company\u2019s quarterly dividend by 2.0% during 2021, making this the fifteenth consecutive year in which we have raised our dividend.\nOur goal is to use our cash to create long-term value for our shareholders. We will continue to look for investment opportunities that will help us to grow the business, strengthen our balance sheet, acquire spectrum licenses (see \"Cash Flows from Investing Activities\"), pay dividends to our shareholders and, when appropriate, buy back shares of our outstanding common stock (see \"Cash Flows from Financing Activities\").\nLiquidity and Capital Resources\nWe use the net cash generated from our operations to fund expansion and modernization of our networks, service and repay external financing, pay dividends, invest in new businesses and spectrum and, when appropriate, buy back shares of our outstanding common stock. Our sources of funds, primarily from operations and, to the extent necessary, from external financing arrangements, are sufficient to meet ongoing operating and investing requirements over the next 12 months and beyond. \nOur cash and cash equivalents balance is $2.9\u00a0billion as of December 31, 2021, consistent with historical pre-pandemic levels. Our cash and cash equivalents are held both domestically and internationally, and are invested to maintain principal and provide liquidity. See \"Market Risk\" for additional information regarding our foreign currency risk management strategies.\nWe expect that our capital spending requirements will continue to be financed primarily through internally generated funds. Debt or equity financing may be needed to fund additional investments or development activities, such as the completion of business acquisitions, the\n \nacquisition of additional wireless spectrum, or to maintain an appropriate capital structure to ensure our financial flexibility. Our available external financing arrangements include an active commercial paper program, credit available under credit facilities and other bank lines of credit, vendor financing arrangements, issuances of registered debt or equity securities, U.S. retail medium-term notes and other capital market securities that are privately-placed or offered overseas. In addition, we monetize our device payment plan agreement receivables through asset-backed debt transactions.\n35\nTable of Contents\nCapital Expenditures\nOur 2022 capital program includes capital to fund advanced networks and services, including expanding our core networks, adding capacity and density to our 5G network in order to stay ahead of our customers\u2019 increasing data demands and deploying C-Band, transforming our structure to deploy the Intelligent Edge Network while reducing the cost to deliver services to our customers, and pursuing other opportunities to drive operating efficiencies. We expect that the new network architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, improve our 4G LTE coverage, speed the deployment of 5G technology, and create new enterprise opportunities in the business market. We anticipate cash requirements for our 2022 capital program to be between $16.5\u00a0billion and $17.5\u00a0billion. Furthermore, we expect an additional $5.0\u00a0billion to $6.0\u00a0billion in capital expenditures related to C-Band, as we continue to build out the initial markets and begin preparations for deploying phase two spectrum.\nContractual Obligations and Commitments\nWe have various contractual obligations and commitments. The following represent our anticipated material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations as of December\u00a031, 2021:\n\u2022\nLong-term debt, including current maturities, commitments of $150.2 billion and related interest payments of $78.0 billion, of which $7.1 billion and $4.9\u00a0billion, respectively, are expected to be due within the next twelve months. Items included in long-term debt with variable coupon rates exclude unamortized debt issuance costs, and are described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.\n\u2022\nOperating lease obligations of $31.5 billion and Finance lease obligations of $1.4 billion, of which $4.4 billion and $402\u00a0million, respectively, are expected to be due within the next twelve months. In addition, the Company has an obligation of $969 million representing future minimum payments under the sublease arrangement for our cell towers, of which $292 million is expected to be due within the next twelve months. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\n\u2022\nUnconditional purchase obligations, with terms in excess of one year, amount to $29.8 billion, of which $10.2 billion is expected to be due within the next twelve months. Items included in unconditional purchase obligations are primarily commitments to purchase network equipment, software and services, content, marketing services and other items which will be used or sold in the ordinary course of business. These amounts do not represent our entire anticipated purchases in the future, but represent only those items that are the subject of contractual obligations. We also purchase products and services as needed with no firm commitment. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\n\u2022\nOther long-term liabilities, including current maturities, of $4.2 billion, of which $864 million is expected to be due within the next twelve months. Other long-term liabilities represent estimated postretirement benefit and qualified pension plan contributions. Qualified pension plan contributions include estimated minimum funding contributions. We expect that there will be no required pension funding through 2031, subject to changes in market conditions. Postretirement benefit payments include estimated future postretirement benefit payments. These estimated amounts: (1) are subject to change based on changes to assumptions and future plan performance, which could impact the timing and/or amounts of these payments; and (2) exclude expectations beyond 5 years due to uncertainty of the timing and amounts. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\n\u2022\nWe are not able to make a reasonable estimate of when the unrecognized tax benefits balance of $3.1 billion and related interest and penalties will be settled with the respective taxing authorities until the related tax audits are further developed or resolved. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nConsolidated Financial Condition\n(dollars in millions)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\nCash flows provided by (used in)\nOperating activities\n$\n39,539\n\u00a0\n$\n41,768\u00a0\nInvesting activities\n(67,153)\n(23,512)\nFinancing activities\n8,277\n\u00a0\n1,325\u00a0\nIncrease (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash\n$\n(19,337)\n$\n19,581\u00a0\nCash Flows Provided By Operating Activities\nOur primary source of funds continues to be cash generated from operations. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $2.2\u00a0billion during 2021 compared to 2020,\u00a0primarily due to changes in working capital, which includes higher wireless volumes, and slightly higher cash taxes in 2021. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in earnings of $4.3 billion. As a result of prior years' discretionary contributions and the fact that actual asset returns have been higher than expected, we expect that there will be no required pension funding through 2031, subject to changes in market conditions.\nCash Flows Used In Investing Activities\nCapital Expenditures\nCapital expenditures continue to relate primarily to the use of capital resources to increase the operating efficiency and productivity of our networks, maintain our existing infrastructure, facilitate the introduction of new products and services and enhance responsiveness to competitive challenges.\n36\nTable of Contents\nCapital expenditures, including capitalized software, were $20.3 billion and $18.2 billion for 2021 and 2020, respectively. Capital expenditures increased approximately $2.1 billion, or 11.5%, during 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to increased focus on 5G technology deployment. \nAcquisitions of Wireless Licenses\nIn February 2021, the FCC completed an auction, Auction 107, for mid-band spectrum known as C-Band. During 2021, we paid approximately $45.9\u00a0billion for spectrum licenses in connection with this auction and related costs, of which $1.3 billion was primarily paid for certain obligations related to projected clearing costs associated with this auction. \nDuring 2020, we paid approximately $3.9 billion in acquisitions of wireless licenses. In March 2020, the FCC completed an incentive auction, Auction 103, for spectrum licenses. Through December 31, 2020, we paid approximately $1.6 billion, including $101 million paid in December 2019. In September 2020, the FCC completed Auction 105 for Priority Access Licenses. Through December 31, 2020, we paid approximately $1.9\u00a0billion for the licenses.\nDuring 2021 and 2020, we recorded capitalized interest related to wireless licenses of \n$1.6 billion and $242 million, respectively\n.\nDuring 2021 and 2020, we entered into and completed various other wireless license acquisitions for cash consideration of $95 million and \n$360\u00a0million\n, respectively.\nAcquisitions of Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired\nDuring 2021 and 2020, we invested $4.1 billion and $520 million, respectively, in acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired.\nIn September 2020, we entered into a purchase agreement to acquire Tracfone, a provider of prepaid and value mobile services in the U.S. The transaction closed in November 2021. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing of the transaction was approximately $3.6\u00a0billion, net of cash acquired, subject to customary closing adjustments, approximately 57.6 million shares of Verizon common stock valued at approximately $3.0\u00a0billion, and up to an additional $650\u00a0million in future cash contingent consideration.\nIn October 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets of Bluegrass Cellular (Bluegrass), a rural wireless operator serving central Kentucky. The transaction closed in March 2021. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing of the transaction was approximately $412\u00a0million, net of cash acquired, which is subject to customary closing adjustments.\nIn April 2020, we entered into a definitive purchase agreement to acquire Blue Jeans Network, Inc. (BlueJeans), an enterprise-grade video conferencing and event platform, whose services are sold to Business customers globally. The transaction closed in May 2020. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing of the transaction was approximately $397\u00a0million, net of cash acquired. \nDuring 2021 and 2020, we completed various other acquisitions for cash consideration of approximately $51\u00a0million and $127 million, respectively.\nSee \"Acquisitions and Divestitures\" for information on our acquisitions.\nDisposition of Business\nDuring 2021, we received cash proceeds in connection with the sale of Verizon Media of $4.1\u00a0billion, net of cash transferred, subject to customary adjustments, $750 million in non-convertible preferred limited partnership units of the Apollo Affiliate and 10% of the fully-diluted common limited partnership units of the Apollo Affiliate. See Note\u00a03 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nOther, Net\nDuring 2021, we received cash of $321 million in connection with the settlement of a note receivable related to Tracfone and net cash proceeds of $98 million in connection with the sale of our investment in the Complex Media business.\nCash Flows Provided by Financing Activities\nWe seek to maintain a mix of fixed and variable rate debt to lower borrowing costs within reasonable risk parameters and to protect against earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from changes in market conditions. During 2021 and 2020, net cash provided by financing activities was $8.3\u00a0billion and $1.3 billion, respectively. \n2021\nDuring 2021, our net cash provided by financing activities of $8.3 billion was primarily driven by $41.4 billion provided by proceeds from long-term borrowings, which included $8.4 billion of proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions. These cash flows provided by financing activities were partially offset by $18.9 billion used for repayments, redemptions and repurchases of long-term borrowings (secured and unsecured) as well as finance lease obligations, $10.4\u00a0billion used for dividend payments and $3.8 billion used for other financing activities. \n37\nTable of Contents\nProceeds from and Repayments, Redemptions, and Repurchases of Long-Term Borrowings\nAt December\u00a031, 2021, our total debt increased to $150.9 billion as compared to $129.1 billion at December\u00a031, 2020. Our effective interest rate was 3.6% and 4.1% during the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The substantial majority of our total debt portfolio consists of fixed rate indebtedness, therefore, changes in interest rates do not have a material effect on our interest payments. See also \"Market Risk\" and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nAt December\u00a031, 2021, approximately $33.5 billion, or 22.2%, of the aggregate principal amount of our total debt portfolio consisted of foreign denominated debt, primarily Euro and British Pound\u00a0Sterling. We have entered into cross currency swaps on our foreign denominated debt in order to fix our future interest and principal payments in U.S. dollars and mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. See \"Market Risk\" for additional information.\nVerizon may acquire debt securities issued by Verizon and its affiliates through open market purchases, redemptions, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers, exchange offers, or otherwise, upon such terms and at such prices as Verizon may from time to time determine, for cash or other consideration.\nOther, Net\nOther, net financing activities during 2021 includes $320\u00a0million in payments related to vendor financing arrangements, $161 million in postings of derivative collateral and early debt redemption costs. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the early debt redemption costs.\nDividends\nThe Verizon Board of Directors assesses the level of our dividend payments on a periodic basis taking into account such factors as long-term growth opportunities, internal cash requirements and the expectations of our shareholders. During the third quarter of 2021, the Board increased our quarterly dividend payment by 2.0% to $0.6400 from $0.6275 per share from the previous quarter. This is the fifteenth consecutive year that Verizon\u2019s Board of Directors has approved a quarterly dividend increase.\nAs in prior periods, dividend payments were a significant use of capital resources. During 2021, we paid $10.4 billion in dividends.\n2020\nDuring 2020, our net cash provided by financing activities of $1.3 billion was primarily driven by $31.5 billion provided by proceeds from long-term borrowings, which included $5.6 billion of proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions. These cash flows provided by financing activities were partially offset by $17.2\u00a0billion used for repayments, redemptions and repurchases of long-term borrowings (secured and unsecured) as well as finance lease obligations, $10.2\u00a0billion used for dividend payments and $2.7 billion used for other financing activities.\n \nProceeds from and Repayments, Redemptions, and Repurchases of Long-Term Borrowings\nAt December\u00a031, 2020, our total debt was $129.1 billion, and during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020, our effective interest rate was 4.1%. The substantial majority of our total debt portfolio consisted of fixed rate indebtedness, therefore, changes in interest rates did not have a material effect on our interest payments. See \"Market Risk\" and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nAt December\u00a031, 2020, approximately $29.0\u00a0billion, or 22.5%, of the aggregate principal amount of our total debt portfolio consisted of foreign denominated debt, primarily Euro and British Pound\u00a0Sterling. We have entered into cross currency swaps on substantially all of our foreign denominated debt in order to fix our future interest and principal payments in U.S. dollars and mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. See \"Market Risk\" for additional information.\nOther, Net\nOther, net financing activities during 2020 includes $827\u00a0million in payments related to vendor financing arrangements and $748\u00a0million in cash paid on debt exchanges. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nDividends\nDuring the third quarter of 2020, the Board increased our quarterly dividend payment by 2.0% to $0.6275 per share. \nAs in prior periods, dividend payments were a significant use of capital resources. During 2020, we paid $10.2\u00a0billion in dividends.\nAsset-Backed Debt\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, the carrying value of our asset-backed debt was $14.2 billion. Our asset-backed debt includes Asset-Backed Notes (ABS Notes) issued to third-party investors (Investors) and loans (ABS Financing Facilities) received from banks and their conduit facilities (collectively, the Banks). Our consolidated asset-backed debt bankruptcy remote legal entities (each, an ABS Entity or collectively, the ABS Entities) issue the debt or are otherwise party to the transaction documentation in connection with our asset-backed debt transactions. Under the terms of our asset-backed debt, Cellco Partnership (Cellco), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Verizon, and certain other affiliates of Verizon (collectively, the Originators) transfer device payment plan agreement receivables to one of the ABS Entities, which in turn transfers such \n38\nTable of Contents\nreceivables to another ABS Entity that issues the debt. Verizon entities retain the equity interests and residual interests, as applicable, in the ABS Entities, which represent the rights to all funds not needed to make required payments on the asset-backed debt and other related payments and expenses. \nOur asset-backed debt is secured by the transferred device payment plan agreement receivables and future collections on such receivables. The device payment plan agreement receivables transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of restricted cash, will only be available for payment of asset-backed debt and expenses related thereto, payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of device payment plan agreement receivables, and other obligations arising from our asset-backed debt transactions, and will not be available to pay other obligations or claims of Verizon\u2019s creditors until the associated asset-backed debt and other obligations are satisfied. The Investors or Banks, as applicable, which hold our asset-backed debt have legal recourse to the assets securing the debt, but do not have any recourse to Verizon with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. Under a parent support agreement, Verizon has agreed to guarantee certain of the payment obligations of Cellco and the Originators to the ABS Entities. \nCash collections on the device payment plan agreement receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. \nProceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The asset-backed debt issued and the assets securing this debt are included in our consolidated balance sheets. \nSee Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. \nIn December 2021, we entered into an ABS financing facility with a number of financial institutions (2021 ABS Financing Facility). Two loan agreements were entered into in connection with the 2021 ABS Financing Facility in December 2021. Under the terms of the 2021 ABS Financing Facility, the financial institutions make advances under asset-backed loans backed by device payment plan agreement receivables of both Consumer customers and Business customers. Two loan agreements are outstanding in connection with the 2021 ABS Financing Facility, one with a final maturity date in December 2025 and the other in December 2026, and each loan agreement bears interest at floating rates. There is a one or two year revolving period, as set forth in the applicable loan agreement, which may be extended with the approval of the financial institutions. Under the loan agreements, we have the right to prepay all or a portion of the advances at any time without penalty, but in certain cases, with breakage costs. Subject to certain conditions, we may also remove receivables from the ABS Entity. In December 2021, we borrowed $4.3\u00a0billion under the loan agreements. The aggregate outstanding balance under the 2021 ABS Financing Facility was $4.3\u00a0billion as of December 31, 2021. \nLong-Term Credit Facilities\nAt December 31, 2021\n(dollars in millions)\nMaturities\nFacility  Capacity\nUnused  Capacity\nPrincipal Amount  Outstanding \nVerizon revolving credit facility \n(1)\n2024\n$\n9,500\n\u00a0\n$\n9,418\n\u00a0\nN/A\nVarious export credit facilities \n(2)\n2024 - 2029\n7,000\n\u00a0\n\u2014\n\u00a0\n$\n4,676\n\u00a0\nTotal\n$\n16,500\n\u00a0\n$\n9,418\n\u00a0\n$\n4,676\n\u00a0\nN/A - not applicable\n(1)\n \nThe revolving credit facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit\n.\n(2)\n During both 2021 and 2020, we drew down $1.0 billion from these facilities, respectively. These credit facilities are used to finance equipment-related purchases. Borrowings under certain of these facilities amortize semi-annually in equal installments up to the applicable maturity dates. Maturities reflect maturity dates of principal amounts outstanding. Any amounts borrowed under these facilities and subsequently repaid cannot be reborrowed.\nIn November 2021, we repaid $500 million under an export credit facility entered into in July 2017.\nCommon Stock\nCommon stock has been used from time to time to satisfy some of the funding requirements of employee and shareholder plans. During the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, we issued 2.1 million and 2.3 million common shares from treasury stock, respectively, which had an insignificant aggregate value.\nIn connection with our acquisition of Tracfone in November 2021, we issued approximately 57.6 million shares of Verizon common shares from treasury stock valued at approximately $3.0\u00a0billion. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nIn February 2020, the Verizon Board of Directors authorized a share buyback program to repurchase up to 100 million shares of Verizon's common stock. The program will terminate when the aggregate number of shares purchased reaches 100 million, or a new share repurchase plan superseding the current plan is authorized, whichever is sooner. The program permits Verizon to repurchase shares over time, with the \n39\nTable of Contents\namount and timing of repurchases depending on market conditions and corporate needs. There were no repurchases of common stock during 2021 and 2020 under our current or previously authorized share buyback program.\nCredit Ratings\nVerizon\u2019s credit ratings did not change in 2021 or 2020.\nSecurities ratings assigned by rating organizations are expressions of opinion and are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold securities. A securities rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.\nCovenants\nOur credit agreements contain covenants that are typical for large, investment grade companies. These covenants include requirements to pay interest and principal in a timely fashion, pay taxes, maintain insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies, preserve our corporate existence, keep appropriate books and records of financial transactions, maintain our properties, provide financial and other reports to our lenders, limit pledging and disposition of assets and mergers and consolidations, and other similar covenants.\nWe and our consolidated subsidiaries are in compliance with all of our restrictive covenants in our debt agreements. \nChange In Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash\nOur Cash and cash equivalents at December\u00a031, 2021 totaled $2.9 billion, a $19.3 billion decrease compared to December\u00a031, 2020, primarily as a result of the factors discussed above. \nRestricted cash at December\u00a031, 2021 totaled $1.2 billion, an $87 million decrease compared to restricted cash at December\u00a031, 2020, primarily related to cash collections on the device payment plan agreement receivables that are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts.\nFree Cash Flow\nFree cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that reflects an additional way of viewing our liquidity that, we believe, when viewed with our GAAP results, provides management, investors and other users of our financial information with a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our cash flows. Free cash flow is calculated by subtracting capital expenditures (including capitalized software) from net cash provided by operating activities. We believe it is a more conservative measure of cash flow since purchases of fixed assets are necessary for ongoing operations.\u00a0Free cash flow has limitations due to the fact that it does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, free cash flow does not incorporate payments made on finance lease obligations or cash payments for business acquisitions or wireless licenses. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow as a complement to our entire consolidated statements of cash flows. \nThe following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow: \n\u00a0\n(dollars in millions)\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n2021\n2020\nNet cash provided by operating activities\n$\n39,539\n\u00a0\n$\n41,768\u00a0\nLess Capital expenditures (including capitalized software)\n20,286\n\u00a0\n18,192\u00a0\nFree cash flow\n$\n19,253\n\u00a0\n$\n23,576\u00a0\nThe decrease in free cash flow during 2021 is a reflection of the decrease in operating cash flows, as well as the increase in capital expenditures discussed above.\nEmployee Benefit Plans Funded Status and Contributions\nEmployer Contributions\nWe operate numerous qualified and nonqualified pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans. These plans primarily relate to our domestic business units. We made no discretionary contribution to our qualified pension plan in either 2021 or 2020. During 2021 and 2020 we made contributions of $58\u00a0million and $57 million to our nonqualified pension plans, respectively. \nThe Company\u2019s overall investment strategy is to achieve a mix of assets that allows us to meet projected benefit payments while taking into consideration risk and return.\u00a0In an effort to reduce the risk of our portfolio strategy and better align assets with liabilities, we have adopted a liability driven pension strategy that seeks to better match the interest rate sensitivity of the liability hedging assets with the interest rate sensitivity of the liability. We expect that the strategy will reduce the likelihood that assets will decline at a time when liabilities increase (referred to as liability hedging), with the goal to reduce the risk of underfunding to the plan and its participants and beneficiaries; however, we also expect the strategy to result in lower asset returns. Nonqualified pension contributions are estimated to be approximately $60 million in 2022.\n40\nTable of Contents\nContributions to our other postretirement benefit plans generally relate to payments for benefits on an as-incurred basis since these other postretirement benefit plans do not have funding requirements similar to the pension plans. We contributed $885 million and $709 million to our other postretirement benefit plans in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans are estimated to be approximately $860\u00a0million in 2022.\nLeasing Arrangements\nSee Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to leasing arrangements.\nGuarantees\nWe guarantee the debentures of our operating telephone company subsidiaries. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nIn connection with the execution of agreements for the sale of businesses and investments, Verizon ordinarily provides representations and warranties to the purchasers pertaining to a variety of nonfinancial matters, such as ownership of the securities being sold, as well as financial losses. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, letters of credit totaling approximately $\n674\n\u00a0million, which were executed in the normal course of business and support several financing arrangements and payment obligations to third parties, were outstanding. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nOther Future Obligations\nDuring 2021, Verizon entered into \nseven\n renewable energy purchase agreements (REPAs) with third parties, in addition to 13 signed in previous years. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. Under the REPAs, we plan to purchase up to an aggregate of approximately 2.6\u00a0gigawatts of capacity across multiple states, including Arizona, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Maryland, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas and West Virginia. \nCritical Accounting Estimates and Recently Issued Accounting Standards\nCritical Accounting Estimates\nA summary of the critical accounting estimates used in preparing our financial statements are as follows:\nWireless Licenses and Goodwill\nWireless licenses and Goodwill are a significant component of our consolidated assets. Both our wireless licenses and goodwill are treated as indefinite-lived intangible assets and, therefore are not amortized, but rather are tested for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter, unless there are events requiring an earlier assessment or changes in circumstances during an interim period suggesting impairment indicators are present. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable and represent appropriate marketplace considerations as of the valuation date. Although we use consistent methodologies in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations used in our impairment tests, these estimates and assumptions are uncertain by nature, may change over time and can vary from actual results. It is possible that in the future there may be changes in our estimates and assumptions, including the timing and amount of future cash flows, margins, growth rates, market participant assumptions, comparable benchmark companies and related multiples and discount rates, which could result in different fair value estimates. Significant and adverse changes to any one or more of the above-noted estimates and assumptions could result in an impairment to our wireless licenses and goodwill impairment for one or more of our reporting units.\nWireless Licenses\nThe carrying value of our wireless licenses was approximately $147.6 billion as of December\u00a031, 2021. We aggregate our wireless licenses into one single unit of accounting, as we utilize our wireless licenses on an integrated basis as part of our nationwide wireless network. Our wireless licenses provide us with the exclusive right to utilize certain radio frequency spectrum to provide wireless communication services. There are currently no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that limit the useful life of our wireless licenses.\nWe test our wireless licenses for potential impairment annually or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. We have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. However, we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. It is our policy to perform quantitative impairment assessment at least every three years. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment according to the policy. \nOur quantitative impairment assessment consisted of comparing the estimated fair value of our aggregate wireless licenses to the aggregated carrying amount as of the test date. Under our quantitative assessment, we estimated the fair value of our wireless licenses using the Greenfield approach. The Greenfield approach is an income based valuation approach that values the wireless licenses by calculating the cash flow generating potential of a hypothetical start-up company that goes into business with no assets except the wireless licenses to be valued. A discounted cash flow analysis is used to estimate what a marketplace participant would be willing to pay to purchase the aggregated wireless licenses as of the valuation date. As a result, we were required to make significant estimates about future cash flows and profitability specifically associated with our wireless licenses, an appropriate discount rate based on the risk associated with those estimated cash flows \n41\nTable of Contents\nand assumed terminal value and growth rates. We considered current and expected future economic conditions, current and expected availability of wireless network technology and infrastructure and related equipment and the costs thereof as well as other relevant factors in estimating future cash flows and profitability. The discount rate represented our estimate of the weighted-average cost of capital (WACC), or expected return, that a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date. We developed the discount rate based on our consideration of the cost of debt and equity of a group of guideline companies as of the valuation date. Accordingly, our discount rate incorporated our estimate of the expected return a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date, including the risk premium associated with the current and expected economic conditions as of the valuation date. The terminal value growth rate represented our estimate of the marketplace\u2019s long-term growth rate.\nThe quantitative impairment assessment we performed during the fourth quarter of 2021 indicated that the fair value of our wireless licenses is substantially in excess of their carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. In the event of a 10% decline in the fair value of our wireless licenses, the fair value would have still exceeded their carrying value. We do not believe reasonable changes in significant estimates would change the outcome to this quantitative assessment. For instance, if either the terminal value growth rate declined by 50 basis points (bps) or if the WACC increased by 50 bps, the fair value of wireless licenses would still exceed its carrying value.\nDuring the fourth quarter of 2020, we performed a qualitative impairment assessment as our annual impairment test to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our wireless licenses was less than the carrying amount. As part of our assessment we considered several qualitative factors including the business enterprise value of our combined wireless business, macroeconomic conditions (including changes in interest rates and discount rates), industry and market considerations (including industry revenue and EBITDA margin results, projections and recent merger and acquisition activity), the recent and projected financial performance of our combined wireless business as a whole, as well as other factors. Our annual impairment tests in 2020 indicated that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our wireless licenses remained above their carrying value and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. \nGoodwill \nTo determine if goodwill is potentially impaired, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If we elect not to conduct the qualitative assessment or if indications of a potential impairment exist, the determination of whether an impairment has occurred requires the determination of the fair value of each reporting unit being assessed. It is our policy to perform quantitative impairment assessments at least every three years. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we performed quantitative impairment assessments for our Consumer and Business reporting units according to the policy. \nUnder the qualitative assessment, we consider several qualitative factors, including the business enterprise value of the reporting unit from the last quantitative test and the excess of fair value over carrying value from this test, macroeconomic conditions (including changes in interest rates and discount rates), industry and market considerations (including industry revenue and EBITDA margin results, projections and recent merger and acquisition activity), the recent and projected financial performance of the reporting unit, as well as other factors. \nUnder our quantitative assessment, the fair value of the reporting unit is calculated using a market approach and a discounted cash flow method, as a form of the income approach. The market approach includes the use of comparative multiples to corroborate discounted cash flow results. The discounted cash flow method is based on the present value of two components-projected cash flows and a terminal value. The terminal value represents the expected normalized future cash flows of the reporting unit beyond the cash flows from the discrete projection period. The fair value of the reporting unit is calculated based on the sum of the present value of the cash flows from the discrete period and the present value of the terminal value. The discount rate represented our estimate of the weighted-average cost of capital (WACC), or expected return, that a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date. The application of our goodwill impairment test required key assumptions underlying our valuation model. The discounted cash flow analysis factored in assumptions on discount rates and terminal growth rates to reflect risk profiles of key strategic revenue and cost initiatives, as well as revenue and EBITDA growth relative to history and market trends and expectations. The market multiples approach incorporated significant judgment involved in the selection comparable public company multiples and benchmarks. The selection of companies was influenced by differences in growth and profitability, and volatility in market prices of peer companies. These valuation inputs are inherently judgmental, and an adverse change in one or a combination of these inputs could trigger a goodwill impairment loss in the future.\nA projected sustained decline in a reporting unit's revenues and earnings could have a significant negative impact on its fair value and may result in impairment charges. Such a decline could be driven by, among other things: (1) more than anticipated increase in promotional activity, decreases in sales volumes or long-term growth rate as a result of competitive pressures or other factors; or (2) the inability to achieve or delays in achieving the goals in strategic initiatives. Also, adverse changes to macroeconomic factors, such as increases to long-term interest rates, would also negatively impact the fair value of the reporting unit. \nAt December 31, 2021, the balance of our goodwill was approximately $28.6 billion, of which $21.0 billion was in our Consumer reporting unit and $7.5 billion was in our Business reporting unit. At the goodwill impairment measurement date of October 31, 2021, our quantitative assessments indicate that the fair values for our Consumer and Business reporting units are substantially in excess of their carrying values and therefore did not result in an impairment. In the event of a 10% decline in the fair value of any of our reporting units, the fair value of each of our reporting units would have still exceeded their book values. We do not anticipate reasonable changes in significant estimates to change the outcomes to these quantitative impairment assessments. For instance, if either the terminal value growth rate declined by 50 bps, or if the WACC increased by 50 bps, the fair values of our reporting units would still exceed their respective carrying values. \nAt December 31, 2020, the balance of our goodwill was approximately $24.8 billion, of which $17.2 billion was in our Consumer reporting unit and $7.5 billion was in our Business reporting unit. We performed qualitative impairment assessments for our Consumer and Business \n42\nTable of Contents\nreporting units during the fourth quarter of 2020. Our qualitative assessments indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair values of our Consumer and Business reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. \nPension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans \nWe maintain benefit plans for most of our employees, including, for certain employees, pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Benefit plan assumptions, including the discount rate used, the long-term rate of return on plan assets, the determination of the substantive plan and health care trend rates are periodically updated and impact the amount of benefit plan income, expense, assets and obligations. Changes to one or more of these assumptions could significantly impact our accounting for pension and other postretirement benefits. \nIn determining pension and other postretirement obligations, the weighted-average discount rate was selected to approximate the composite interest rates available on a selection of high-quality bonds available in the market at December\u00a031, 2021. The bonds selected had maturities that coincided with the time periods during which benefit payments are expected to occur, were non-callable and available in sufficient quantities to ensure marketability (at least $300 million par outstanding). Bond yields are subject to uncertainty for a number of reasons including corporate performance, credit rating downgrades and upgrades, government fiscal policy decisions, and general market volatility. The expected long-term rates of return on plan assets used in determining the Company\u2019s pension and other postretirement obligations are based on expectations for future investment returns for the plans\u2019 asset allocation. The rates are subject to uncertainty for a number of reasons including corporate performance, credit ratings, monetary policy, inflation, exchange rates, investor behavior and general market volatility.\nA sensitivity analysis of the impact of changes in the discount rate and the long-term rate of return on plan assets on the benefit obligations and expense (income) recorded, as well as on the funded status due to an increase or a decrease in the actual versus expected return on plan assets as of December\u00a031, 2021 and for the year then ended pertaining to Verizon\u2019s pension and postretirement benefit plans, is provided in the table below.\n(dollars in millions)\nPercentage\u00a0point\nchange\nIncrease/(decrease) at December 31, 2021\nPension plans discount rate\n+0.50\n$\n(1,125)\n-0.50\n1,249\u00a0\nRate of return on pension plan assets\n+1.00\n(189)\n-1.00\n189\u00a0\nPostretirement plans discount rate\n+0.50\n(810)\n-0.50\n896\u00a0\nRate of return on postretirement plan assets\n+1.00\n(5)\n-1.00\n5\u00a0\nThe annual measurement date for both our pension and other postretirement benefits is December 31. We use the full yield curve approach to estimate the interest cost component of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefits. The full yield curve approach refines our estimate of interest cost by applying the individual spot rates from a yield curve composed of the rates of return on several hundred high-quality fixed income corporate bonds available at the measurement date. These individual spot rates align with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments and therefore provide a more precise estimate of interest cost.\nSee Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nIncome Taxes \nOur current and deferred income taxes and associated valuation allowances are impacted by events and transactions arising in the normal course of business as well as in connection with the adoption of new accounting standards, changes in tax laws and rates, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses and non-recurring items. As a global commercial enterprise, our income tax rate and the classification of income taxes can be affected by many factors, including estimates of the timing and realization of deferred income tax assets and the timing and amount of income tax payments. We account for tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns in accordance with the accounting standard relating to the uncertainty in income taxes, which requires the use of a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We review and adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits based on our best judgment given the facts, circumstances and information available at each reporting date. To the extent that the final outcome of these tax positions is different than the amounts recorded, such differences may impact income tax expense and actual tax payments. We recognize any interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Actual tax payments may materially differ from estimated liabilities as a result of changes in tax laws as well as unanticipated transactions impacting related income tax balances. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nProperty, Plant and Equipment \nOur Property, plant and equipment balance represents a significant component of our consolidated assets.\u00a0We record Property, plant and equipment at cost. We depreciate Property, plant and equipment on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets.\u00a0The estimated useful life is subject to change due to a variety of factors such as change in asset capacity or performance, technical obsolescence, market expectations and competition impacts. In connection with our ongoing review of the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment during 2021, we determined that the estimated useful life of our Property, plant and equipment would remain unchanged. We expect that a one year increase in estimated useful lives of our Property, plant and equipment would result in a decrease to our 2021 depreciation expense of $2.2\u00a0billion and that a one year decrease would result in an increase of approximately $3.5 billion in our 2021 depreciation expense.\n43\nTable of Contents\nAccounts Receivable \nPrior to January 1, 2020, accounts receivable were recorded at cost less an allowance for doubtful accounts. The gross amount of accounts receivable and corresponding allowance for doubtful accounts were presented separately in the consolidated balance sheets. We maintained allowances for uncollectible accounts receivable, including our direct-channel device payment plan agreement receivables, for estimated losses resulting from the failure or inability of our customers to make required payments. Indirect-channel device payment receivables are considered financial instruments and were initially recorded at fair value net of imputed interest, and credit losses were recorded as incurred. However, receivable balances were assessed quarterly for impairment and an allowance was recorded if the receivable was considered impaired. Subsequent to January 1, 2020, accounts receivable are recorded at amortized cost less an allowance for credit losses that are not expected to be recovered. The gross amount of accounts receivable and corresponding allowance for credit losses are presented separately in the consolidated balance sheets. We maintain allowances for credit losses resulting from the expected failure or inability of our customers to make required payments. We recognize the allowance for credit losses at inception and reassess quarterly based on management\u2019s expectation of the asset\u2019s collectability. The allowance is based on multiple factors including historical experience with bad debts, the credit quality of the customer base, the aging of such receivables and current macroeconomic conditions, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as management\u2019s expectations of conditions in the future, if applicable. \nThe impact of these factors on the allowance involves significant level of estimation and is subject to uncertainty.\n Our allowance for credit losses is based on management\u2019s assessment of the collectability of assets pooled together with similar risk characteristics.\nWe record an allowance to reduce the receivables to the amount that is expected to be collectible. For device payment plan agreement receivables, we record bad debt expense based on a default and loss calculation using our proprietary loss model. The expected loss rate is determined based on customer credit scores and other qualitative factors as noted above. The loss rate is assigned individually on a customer by customer basis and the custom credit scores are then aggregated by vintage and used in our proprietary loss model to calculate the weighted-average loss rate used for determining the allowance balance. The weighted-average expected loss rate decreased 0.81% at December 31, 2021 as compared to at December 31, 2020. We expect that an increase or decrease of 0.25% in the weighted-average loss rate would result in a change of $94 million in the allowance.\nWe monitor the collectability of our wireless service receivables as one overall pool. Wireline service receivables are disaggregated and pooled by the following customer groups: consumer, small and medium business, global enterprise, public sector and wholesale. For wireless service receivables and wireline consumer and small and medium business receivables, the allowance is calculated based on a 12 month rolling average write-off balance multiplied by the average life-cycle of an account from billing to write-off. The risk of loss is assessed over the contractual life of the receivables and we adjust the historical loss amounts for current and future conditions based on management\u2019s qualitative considerations. For global enterprise, public sector and wholesale wireline receivables, the allowance for credit losses is based on historical write-off experience and individual customer credit risk, if applicable. We consider multiple factors in determining the allowance as discussed above.\nIf there is a deterioration of our customers\u2019 financial condition or if future actual default rates on receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, we may have to adjust our allowance for credit losses, which would affect earnings in the period the adjustments are made. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nAcquisitions and Divestitures\nSpectrum License Transactions\nFrom time to time, we enter into agreements to buy, sell or exchange spectrum licenses. We believe these spectrum license transactions have allowed us to continue to enhance the reliability of our wireless network while also resulting in a more efficient use of spectrum.\nIn March 2020, the FCC's incentive auction, Auction 103, for spectrum licenses in the upper 37 GHz, 39 GHz, and 47 GHz bands concluded. Verizon participated in this incentive auction and was the high bidder on 4,940 licenses, which primarily consisted of 37 GHz and, to a lesser extent, 39 GHz spectrum. As an incumbent licensee, our 39 GHz licenses provided us with incentive payments that were applied towards the purchase price of spectrum in the auction. The value of the licenses won by Verizon amounted to $3.4 billion, of which $1.8 billion was settled with the relinquished 39 GHz licenses. The new reconfigured licenses were received in the second quarter 2020 and are included in Wireless licenses in our consolidated balance sheets. \nIn September 2020, the FCC completed Auction 105 for Priority Access Licenses. Verizon participated in the auction and was the high bidder on 557 licenses in the 3.5 GHz band valued at approximately $1.9\u00a0billion. Verizon made payments for these licenses in 2020 and received them from the FCC in March 2021. The purchase cost for these licenses and related capitalized interest, based on qualifying activities that occurred, are included in Wireless licenses in our consolidated balance sheets. \nIn February 2021, the FCC concluded Auction 107 for C-Band wireless spectrum. Verizon was the winning bidder on 3,511 licenses, consisting of contiguous C-Band spectrum bands ranging between 140 and 200 megahertz of C-Band spectrum in all 406 markets available in the auction. Verizon paid $45.5\u00a0billion for the licenses it won, of which $44.6\u00a0billion was paid in the first quarter of 2021. In accordance with the rules applicable to the auction, Verizon is required to make additional payments to acquire the licenses. The payments are for our  allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction, which are estimated to be $7.7\u00a0billion. During 2021, we made payments of $1.3\u00a0billion primarily related to certain obligations for projected clearing costs. In January 2022, we made additional payments of $1.4\u00a0billion for obligations related to accelerated clearing incentives. We expect to continue to make payments related to clearing cost and incentive payment obligations through 2024. These payments are dependent on the \n44\nTable of Contents\nincumbent license holders accelerated clearing of the spectrum for Verizon\u2019s use and, therefore, the final timing and amounts could differ based on the incumbent holders\u2019 execution of their clearing process. In accordance with the FCC order, the clearing must be completed by December 2025. The carrying value of the wireless spectrum won in Auction 107 will consist of all payments required to participate and purchase licenses in the auction, including Verizon\u2019s allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction that we are obligated to pay in order to acquire the licenses. Carrying value will also include capitalized interest to the extent qualifying activities have occurred. The licenses were received from the FCC in July 2021 and are included within Wireless licenses in our consolidated balance sheet. \nSee Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our spectrum license transactions.\nTracFone Wireless, Inc.\nIn September 2020, we entered into a purchase agreement (Tracfone Purchase Agreement) with Am\u00e9rica M\u00f3vil to acquire TracFone Wireless, Inc. (Tracfone), a leading provider of prepaid and value mobile services in the U.S. The transaction closed on November\u00a023, 2021 (the Acquisition Date). In accordance with the terms of the Tracfone Purchase Agreement, Verizon acquired all of Tracfone's outstanding stock in exchange for approximately $3.5\u00a0billion in cash, net of cash acquired and working capital and other adjustments, subject to customary adjustments, 57,596,544 shares of Verizon common stock valued at approximately $3.0\u00a0billion, and up to an additional $650\u00a0million in future cash contingent consideration related to the achievement of certain performance measures and other commercial arrangements. The fair value of the Verizon common stock was determined on the basis of its closing market price on the Acquisition Date. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration as of the Acquisition Date was approximately $542\u00a0million calculated using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model and significant unobservable inputs, thus representing a Level 3 measurement. The contingent consideration payable is based on the achievement of certain revenue and operational targets, measured over a two-year earn out period, as defined in the Tracfone Purchase Agreement. Payments related to the contingent consideration are expected to begin in 2022 and continue through 2024. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. \nBluegrass Cellular\nIn October 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets of Bluegrass, a rural wireless operator serving central Kentucky. Bluegrass provides wireless service to 210,000 customers in 34 counties in rural service areas 3, 4, and 5 in Central Kentucky. The transaction closed in March 2021. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing of the transaction was approximately $412 million, net of cash acquired, which is subject to customary closing adjustments. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nBlue Jeans Network, Inc.\nIn April 2020, we entered into a definitive purchase agreement to acquire BlueJeans, an enterprise-grade video conferencing and event platform, whose services are sold to Business customers globally. The transaction closed in May 2020. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing of the transaction was approximately $397\u00a0million, net of cash acquired. \nVerizon Media Divestiture\nOn May 2, 2021, Verizon entered into a definitive agreement with an affiliate of Apollo Global Management Inc. (the Apollo Affiliate) pursuant to which we agreed to sell Verizon Media in return for consideration of $4.3\u00a0billion in cash, subject to customary adjustments, $750\u00a0million in non-convertible preferred limited partnership units of the Apollo Affiliate, and 10% of the fully-diluted common limited partnership units of the Apollo Affiliate. \nOn September 1, 2021, we completed the sale of Verizon Media. As of the close of the transaction, cash proceeds, the fair value of the non-convertible preferred limited partnership units of the Apollo Affiliate, and the fair value of 10% of the fully-diluted common limited partnership units of the Apollo Affiliate were $4.3\u00a0billion, $496\u00a0million, and $124\u00a0million, respectively. We recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of approximately $1.0\u00a0billion (after-tax $1.0\u00a0billion) in Selling general and administrative expense in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. In addition, we incurred $346\u00a0million of various costs associated with this disposition which are primarily recorded in Selling general and administrative expense in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. \nOther\nFrom time to time, we enter into strategic agreements to acquire various other businesses and investments. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.\nIn December 2021, we completed the sale of our investment in the Complex Media business. In connection with this transaction, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $131\u00a0million in Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated businesses in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2021.\nIn November 2020, Verizon entered into an agreement to sell our Huffington Post business. In connection with this transaction, we recorded a pre-tax loss of $126\u00a0million in Selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2020. The transaction closed in February 2021.\n45\nTable of Contents", "item7a": ">Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk\nWe are exposed to various types of market risk in the normal course of business, including the impact of interest rate changes, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in investment, equity and commodity prices and changes in corporate tax rates. We employ risk management strategies, which may include the use of a variety of derivatives including cross currency swaps, forward starting interest rate swaps, interest rate swaps, interest rate caps, treasury rate locks and foreign exchange forwards. We do not hold derivatives for trading purposes.\nIt is our general policy to enter into interest rate, foreign currency and other derivative transactions only to the extent necessary to achieve our desired objectives in optimizing exposure to various market risks. Our objectives include maintaining a mix of fixed and variable rate debt to lower borrowing costs within reasonable risk parameters and to protect against earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from changes in market conditions. We do not hedge our market risk exposure in a manner that would completely eliminate the effect of changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates on our earnings. \nCounterparties to our derivative contracts are major financial institutions with whom we have negotiated derivatives agreements (ISDA master agreements) and credit support annex (CSA) agreements which provide rules for collateral exchange. The CSA agreements contain rating based thresholds such that we or our counterparties may be required to hold or post collateral based upon changes in outstanding positions as compared to established thresholds and changes in credit ratings. We do not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments and fair value amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash collateral arising from derivative instruments recognized at fair value. At December\u00a031, 2021, we held and posted $0.1 billion and an insignificant amount, respectively, of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange agreements, which were recorded as Other current liabilities and Prepaid expenses and other, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheet. At December\u00a031, 2020, we held $0.2 billion of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange arrangements, which were recorded as Other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. While we may be exposed to credit losses due to the nonperformance of our counterparties, we consider the risk remote and do not expect that any such nonperformance would result in a significant effect on our results of operations or financial condition due to our diversified pool of counterparties. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the derivative portfolio.\nInterest Rate Risk\nWe are exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on our short-term debt and the portion of long-term debt that carries floating interest rates. As of December\u00a031, 2021, approximately 81% of the aggregate principal amount of our total debt portfolio consisted of fixed-rate indebtedness, including the effect of interest rate swap agreements designated as hedges. The impact of a 100-basis-point change in interest rates affecting our floating rate debt would result in a change in annual interest expense, including our interest rate swap agreements that are designated as hedges, of approximately $288\u00a0million. The interest rates on our existing long-term debt obligations are unaffected by changes to our credit ratings.\nCertain of our floating rate debt and certain of our interest rate derivative transactions utilize interest rates that are linked to the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) as the benchmark rate. LIBOR is the subject of recent U.S. and international regulatory guidance for reform. The one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates ceased publication after December 31, 2021, and other U.S. dollar LIBOR rates will cease publication after June 30, 2023. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted but could include an increase in the cost of our floating rate debt or exposure under our interest rate derivative transactions. We do not anticipate a significant impact to our financial position given our current mix of variable and fixed-rate debt, taking into account the impact of our interest rate hedging. The floating rate senior unsecured notes issued in March 2021 and certain of our interest rate derivative transactions utilize interest rates that are linked to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the benchmark rate.\nThe table that follows summarizes the fair values of our long-term debt, including current maturities, and interest rate swap derivatives as of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020. The table also provides a sensitivity analysis of the estimated fair values of these financial instruments assuming 100-basis-point upward and downward shifts in the yield curve. Our sensitivity analysis does not include the fair values of our commercial paper and bank loans, if any, because they are not significantly affected by changes in market interest rates.\n(dollars in millions)\nLong-term debt and related derivatives\nFair\u00a0Value\nFair\u00a0Value\u00a0assuming\n+\u00a0100\u00a0basis\u00a0point\u00a0shift\nFair\u00a0Value\u00a0assuming\n\u00a0-\u00a0100\u00a0basis\u00a0point\u00a0shift\nAt December 31, 2021\n$\n169,179\n\u00a0\n$\n156,078\n\u00a0\n$\n184,496\n\u00a0\nAt December 31, 2020\n155,695\u00a0\n142,420\u00a0\n170,423\u00a0\nInterest Rate Swaps\nWe enter into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates, resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and hedge against interest rate risk exposure of designated debt issuances. At December\u00a031, 2021, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was $473\u00a0million and $666 million, respectively. At December\u00a031, 2020, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was $787\u00a0million and $303 million, respectively. At December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, the total notional amount of the interest rate swaps was $19.8\u00a0billion and $17.8 billion, respectively.\n46\nTable of Contents\nForward Starting Interest Rate Swaps\nWe have entered into forward starting interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges in order to manage our exposure to interest rate changes on future forecasted transactions. At December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of the liability of these contracts was $302 million and $797 million, respectively. At December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, the total notional amount of the forward starting interest rate swaps was $1.0\u00a0billion and $2.0 billion, respectively. \nTreasury Rate Locks\nWe enter into treasury rate locks to mitigate our interest rate risk. \nWe recognize gains and losses resulting from interest rate movements in Other comprehensive income (loss). \nThere was no outstanding notional amount for treasury rate locks at December\u00a031, 2021 or 2020.\nForeign Currency Translation\nThe functional currency for our foreign operations is primarily the local currency.\u00a0The translation of income statement and balance sheet amounts of our foreign operations into U.S. dollars is recorded as cumulative translation adjustments, which are included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets.\u00a0Gains and losses on foreign currency transactions are recorded in the consolidated statements of income in Other income (expense), net.\u00a0At December\u00a031, 2021, our primary translation exposure was to the British Pound\u00a0Sterling, Euro, Australian Dollar, and Japanese Yen.\nCross Currency Swaps\nWe have entered into cross currency swaps designated as cash flow hedges to exchange our British Pound\u00a0Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar-denominated cash flows into U.S. dollars and to fix our cash payments in U.S. dollars, as well as to mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. The fair value of the asset of these contracts was $589 million and $1.4\u00a0billion at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of the liability of these contracts was $1.6 billion and $196 million, respectively. At December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, the total notional amount of the cross currency swaps was $32.5 billion and $26.3 billion, respectively.\nForeign Exchange Forwards\nWe also have foreign exchange forwards which we use as an economic hedge but for which we have elected not to apply hedge accounting. We enter into British Pound\u00a0Sterling and Euro foreign exchange forwards to mitigate our foreign exchange rate risk related to non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries. At December\u00a031, 2021, the fair value of the asset of these contracts was insignificant and there is no amount related to the liability of these contracts. At December\u00a031, 2020, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was insignificant. At December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, the total notional amount of the foreign exchange forwards was $932 million and $1.4 billion, respectively.\n47\nTable of Contents", "companyName": "Verizon Communications INC", "cusip": "92343V104"}