{"item1": ">ITEM\u00a01.\n BUSINESS\n(Dollars in millions, except per-share amounts or unless otherwise noted)\nBUSINESS OVERVIEW\nGeneral Dynamics is a global aerospace and defense company that specializes in high-end design, engineering and manufacturing to deliver state-of-the-art solutions to our customers. We offer a broad portfolio of products and services in business aviation; ship construction and repair; land combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions; and technology products and services. Our leadership positions in attractive business aviation and defense markets enable us to deliver superior and enduring shareholder returns.\nOur company consists of 10 business units, which are organized into four operating segments: Aerospace, Marine Systems, Combat Systems and Technologies. We refer to the latter three collectively as our defense segments. To optimize its market focus, customer intimacy, agility and operating expertise, each business unit is responsible for the development and execution of its strategy and operating results. This structure allows for a lean corporate function, which sets the overall strategy and governance for the company and is responsible for allocating and deploying capital.\nOur business units seek to deliver superior operating results by endeavoring to build industry-leading franchises. To achieve this goal, we invest in advanced technologies, pursue a culture of continuous improvement, and strive to be the low-cost, high-quality provider in each of our markets. The result is long-term value creation measured by strong earnings and cash flow and an attractive return on capital.\nOver the past nine years, we have invested approximately $22 billion to create, renew or expand our portfolio of products and services across our businesses to drive long-term growth and shareholder value creation. This includes product development investments in Aerospace to bring to market an all-new lineup of business jet aircraft, capital investments in Marine Systems to support significant growth in U.S. Navy ship and submarine construction plans over the next two decades, development of next-generation platforms and technologies to meet customers\u2019 emerging requirements in Combat Systems, and strategic acquisitions to achieve critical mass and build out a complete spectrum of solutions for our Technologies customers.\nFollowing is additional information on each of our operating segments. For a supplemental discussion of segment performance and backlog, see Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7.\nAEROSPACE\nOur Aerospace segment is recognized as a leading producer of business jets and the standard bearer in aircraft repair, support and completion services. The segment consists of our Gulfstream and Jet Aviation business units. We have earned our reputation through:\n\u2022\nsuperior aircraft design, quality, performance, safety and reliability;\n\u2022\ntechnologically advanced flight deck and cabin systems; and\n\u2022\nindustry-leading customer support.\n3\nWe believe the key to long-term value creation in the business jet industry is steady investment in new aircraft models and technologies and in customer service capabilities. As a result, since we acquired Gulfstream over 20 years ago, we have made significant investments in research and development (R&D), state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, and maintenance and support through a combination of product development efforts, capital expansion and the acquisition of Jet Aviation\u2019s global support network.\nWe are committed to continual investment in R&D to create new aircraft that consistently broaden customer offerings while raising the bar for safety and performance. The result is the unprecedented development of an all-new lineup of the most technologically advanced business jet aircraft in the world. The Gulfstream family of aircraft offer industry-leading cabin, cockpit and safety technologies and the longest ranges at the fastest speeds in their respective classes.\nThe following represents Gulfstream\u2019s current product line, along with the maximum range, maximum speed, cabin length (excluding baggage), and total number of city-pair speed records held for each aircraft: \nThe most recent additions to the in-service Gulfstream fleet are two new large-cabin aircraft, the G500 and G600, which entered service in 2018 and 2019, respectively. These clean-sheet (i.e., all-new) aircraft replace the G450 and G550 models, whose combined family has an installed base of more than 1,650 aircraft around the world. Our investment included development of a new wing, new avionics, \n4\nnew fuselage and new ergonomically designed larger interiors, as well as systems and technologies to improve the manufacturing process and quality of the platform. As a result, the G500 and G600 are faster, more fuel efficient and have greater cabin volume, more range and improved flight controls compared with the aircraft they are replacing. At year-end 2021, cumulative deliveries for these aircraft totaled almost 150.\nThe next model to join the Gulfstream lineup is the ultra-long-range, ultra-large-cabin G700. It combines our most spacious cabin with our advanced Symmetry Flight Deck, the industry\u2019s most technologically advanced flight deck, which we launched on our G500 and G600 aircraft, and the superior high-speed performance of all-new engines to create best-in-class capabilities. Gulfstream is in the process of flight testing and certification of the G700, which currently has over 2,200 test hours. We expect the G700 to enter service in the fourth quarter of 2022 pending certification from the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).\nIn October 2021, we introduced two new aircraft, the ultra-long-range, ultra-large-cabin G800 and large-cabin G400, completing a nearly two-decade effort to develop an all-new family of Gulfstream aircraft. Both aircraft combine our industry-leading high-speed range and efficiency, safety enhancements, and our advanced Symmetry Flight Deck. The G800 is Gulfstream\u2019s longest-range aircraft, with an 8,000 nautical mile range at Mach 0.85, and it is expected to enter service in 2023 pending FAA certification. The G400 is a clean-sheet design developed in concert with the G500 and G600, thus expanding the commonality across the Gulfstream family of aircraft. Expected to enter service in 2025 pending FAA certification, the G400 will join a market segment in which Gulfstream has not participated for several decades.\nThe ultra-long-range, ultra-large-cabin G650 and G650ER continue to generate significant customer interest, with more than 470 aircraft of this family currently operating in 50 countries. Since the first G650 entered service in December 2012, its capabilities and reliability have led to significant sales and expansion of our installed base around the globe. Gulfstream\u2019s current product line holds more than 270 city-pair speed records, more than any other business jet manufacturer, led by the G650ER, which holds the National Aeronautic Association\u2019s polar and westbound around-the-world speed records. \nOur disciplined and consistent approach to new product development has allowed us to introduce repeatedly first-to-market capabilities that set industry standards for safety, performance, quality, speed and comfort. Product enhancement and development efforts include initiatives in advanced avionics, composites, flight-control and vision systems, acoustics, and cabin technologies.\nGulfstream designs, develops and manufactures aircraft in Savannah, Georgia, including all large-cabin models. The mid-cabin G280 is assembled by a non-U.S. partner. All models are outfitted in Gulfstream\u2019s U.S. facilities. As Gulfstream\u2019s aircraft portfolio and customer base have grown and become increasingly global in reach over the years, we have invested in our facilities and operations around the world. At our Savannah campus, we added new purpose-built manufacturing facilities, increased aircraft service capacity, and opened a customer-support distribution center and a dedicated R&D campus.\nWe offer comprehensive support for the more than 3,000 Gulfstream aircraft in service around the world and operate the largest factory-owned service network in the industry. We continue to invest in these maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) facilities and inventory to accommodate fleet growth. We also operate a 24/7 year-round customer support center and offer on-call Gulfstream aircraft technicians ready to deploy around the world for customer service requirements under our Field and Airborne Support Team (FAST) rapid-response unit.\n5\nIn addition to expanding the reach of Gulfstream\u2019s aircraft maintenance network outside the United States, Jet Aviation provides a comprehensive suite of innovative aircraft services for aircraft owners and operators around the world. With approximately 50 locations throughout North America, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region, our offerings include maintenance, aircraft management, charter, staffing and fixed-base operator (FBO) services. \nJet Aviation manages nearly 300 business aircraft globally on behalf of individuals and corporate owners. We operate a leading global FBO network and support all aircraft types with the full range of maintenance services, including 24/7 global aircraft-on-ground support. We also operate one of the world\u2019s largest custom completion and refurbishment centers for both narrow- and wide-body aircraft and perform modifications, upgrades and lifecycle sustainment support for various government fleets. We continue to grow our global footprint through acquisitions, expansions and significant renovations in key business aviation markets.\nThe following map displays the broad reach of our combined Gulfstream and Jet Aviation services network, including authorized service centers: \nThe Aerospace segment is committed to sustainability and the reduction of aviation\u2019s carbon footprint. In support of this strategy, Gulfstream and Jet Aviation offer sustainable aviation fuel through our combined services network and lead the industry in total gallons supplied to the business jet market. Furthermore, we offer carbon offset credits and book and claim options to our customers, enabling them to operate aircraft on a carbon-neutral basis.\nRevenue for the Aerospace segment was 21% of our consolidated revenue in 2021 and 2020 and 25% in\n \n2019. Revenue by major products and services was as follows:\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\n2019\nAircraft manufacturing\n$\n5,864\u00a0\n$\n6,115\u00a0\n$\n7,541\u00a0\nAircraft services\n2,271\u00a0\n1,960\u00a0\n2,260\u00a0\nTotal Aerospace\n$\n8,135\u00a0\n$\n8,075\u00a0\n$\n9,801\u00a0\n6\nMARINE SYSTEMS\nOur Marine Systems segment is the leading designer and builder of nuclear-powered submarines and a leader in surface combatant and auxiliary ship design and construction for the U.S. Navy. We also provide maintenance, modernization and lifecycle support services for Navy ships and maintain the most sophisticated marine engineering expertise in the world to support future capabilities. Our ability to design, build and maintain our nation\u2019s most technologically sophisticated warships is a critical element of the U.S. defense industrial base. In addition to Navy ships, we design and build ocean-going Jones Act ships for commercial customers. Marine Systems consists of three business units \u2014 Electric Boat, Bath Iron Works and NASSCO.\nIn support of our Navy customer\u2019s significant increase in demand for submarines and surface ships, we are making substantial investments to expand our facilities, grow and train our workforce, and expand our supply chain. The resulting increase in capacity and capabilities will support the unprecedented growth expected in our shipbuilding business, particularly submarines, for the next two decades.\nElectric Boat is the prime contractor and lead shipyard on all Navy nuclear-powered submarine programs. The business is responsible for all aspects of design and engineering and leads the construction of both the Virginia-class attack submarine and the Columbia-class ballistic-missile submarine.\nThe Navy procures Virginia-class submarines in multi-boat blocks, currently at a two-per-year rate. We are currently working on Blocks IV and V in the program, with 19 Virginia-class submarines in our backlog scheduled for delivery through 2031. Nine of the boats in Block V include the Virginia Payload Module (VPM), an 84-foot Electric Boat-designed-and-built hull section that adds four additional payload tubes, more than tripling the strike capacity of these submarines and providing unique capabilities to support special missions.\nThe Columbia-class ballistic-missile submarine is a 12-boat program that the Navy considers its top acquisition priority. Accordingly, the program has received the highest possible rating from the government\u2019s Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). These submarines will provide strategic deterrent capabilities for decades, with the first boat delivering in 2027 to begin replacement of the current Ohio-class ballistic-missile submarine fleet as it reaches the end of its service life. Construction is scheduled to continue for two decades, and the value of the Navy\u2019s program of record is in excess of $110 billion. The submarine\u2019s design was more than 80% complete at the time we began construction of the first boat in 2020, nearly twice as mature as any of the Navy\u2019s previous submarine programs at the start of construction.\nWe are investing $1.8 billion of capital in expanded and modernized facilities at Electric Boat to support the growth in submarine construction and expect the projects to be substantially complete by the end of 2023. Equal to the commitment of capital is our commitment to our Electric Boat workforce, which is on track to grow approximately 25% in the current decade, particularly in support of Columbia-class production. Along with strong contributions from the states of Connecticut and Rhode Island, we continue to invest in the training and tools necessary for our employees to be prepared to deliver these next-generation submarines to the Navy on time and on budget. We are also working with our network of approximately 3,000 suppliers \u2014 mostly small businesses \u2014 to support concurrent production of the two submarine programs.\n7\nBath Iron Works builds the Arleigh Burke-class (DDG-51) guided-missile destroyers and manages modernization and lifecycle support for the class. We have a total of 10 ships in backlog scheduled for delivery through 2027.\nNASSCO specializes in Navy auxiliary and support ships and is currently building the Expeditionary Sea Base (ESB), which serves as an afloat forward-staging base for U.S. Marines and special operations forces, and the John Lewis-class (T-AO-205) fleet replenishment oiler. Work on the two ESBs in backlog will continue into 2024, while the initial ships in the T-AO-205 program have deliveries planned into 2025. NASSCO has also designed and built crude oil and product tankers and container and cargo ships for commercial customers, satisfying Jones Act requirements that ships carrying cargo between U.S. ports be built in U.S. shipyards.\nOn December\u00a031, 2021, backlog for our major ship construction programs and the scheduled final delivery date of ships currently in backlog were as follows:\nIn addition to design and construction activities, our Marine Systems segment provides comprehensive post-delivery services to modernize and extend the service life of these and other Navy ships. NASSCO conducts full-service maintenance and surface-ship repair operations in Navy fleet concentration areas in San Diego, California; Norfolk, Virginia; Mayport, Florida; and Bremerton, Washington. Electric Boat provides submarine maintenance and modernization services in a variety of U.S. locations, and Bath Iron Works provides lifecycle support services for Navy surface ships in both U.S. and overseas ports. In support of allied navies, we offer program management, planning, engineering and design support for submarine and surface-ship construction programs.\n8\nRevenue for the Marine Systems segment was 27% of our consolidated revenue in 2021, 26% in 2020 and 23% in 2019. Revenue by major products and services was as follows:\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\n2019\nNuclear-powered submarines\n$\n7,117\u00a0\n$\n6,938\u00a0\n$\n6,254\u00a0\nSurface ships\n2,328\u00a0\n2,055\u00a0\n1,912\u00a0\nRepair and other services\n1,081\u00a0\n986\u00a0\n1,017\u00a0\nTotal Marine Systems\n$\n10,526\u00a0\n$\n9,979\u00a0\n$\n9,183\u00a0\nCOMBAT SYSTEMS\nOur Combat Systems segment is a premier manufacturer and integrator of land combat solutions worldwide, including wheeled and tracked combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions. The segment consists of three business units \u2014 Land Systems, European Land Systems (ELS), and Ordnance and Tactical Systems (OTS).\nCombat Systems creates long-term value through operational excellence \u2014 high-quality, on-schedule and on-budget performance \u2014 combined with investments in innovative technologies that modernize existing platforms and develop next-generation capabilities to meet our customers\u2019 rapidly evolving requirements. We maintain our market-leading position by focusing on innovation, affordability and speed to market to deliver increased survivability, performance and lethality on the battlefield. Our large installed base of wheeled and tracked vehicles around the world and expertise gained from research, engineering and production programs position us well for modernization programs, support and sustainment services, and future development programs.\nLand Systems is the sole-source producer of two foundational products central to the U.S. Army\u2019s warfighting capabilities \u2014 the M1A2 Abrams main battle tank and Stryker wheeled combat vehicle. Both of these platforms are critical to the multi-domain, joint war fight envisioned on the battlefield of the future. \nWe are maximizing the effectiveness and lethality of the Army\u2019s tank fleet with next-generation Abrams upgrades, providing technological advancements in communications, power generation, fuel efficiency, optics and armor. Even as we are delivering this modernized platform in the System Enhanced Package Version 3 (SEPv3) configuration, we are developing an Abrams SEPv4 configuration with additional advanced capabilities, including incorporating next-generation electronic architecture technology that will allow this platform to adapt and incorporate transformative capabilities into the future. We are also upgrading Abrams tanks for several non-U.S. partners.\nThe Stryker is an eight-wheeled, medium-weight combat vehicle that combines lethality, mobility and survivability. Land Systems continues to develop upgrades and enhancements to this highly versatile and combat-proven platform to address the Army\u2019s evolving operational needs. We are fielding a new-generation Stryker that includes the double-V-hull (DVH) for survivability, increased power, improved cross-country mobility and an advanced digital, in-vehicle network. We have completed fielding these vehicles for the first of nine Army brigades, as well as for the Army\u2019s Ranger Regiment. In addition, coordination continues with the Army for next-generation upgrades to the platform and new uses for the vehicle. Leveraging our rapid prototyping expertise and customer intimacy, we continue to expand the mission capabilities of this platform, including an air defense mission package (M-SHORAD), a state-of-the-art electronic warfare suite, a high-energy laser, a high-power microwave, and several command post options.\n9\nCombat Systems provides similar capabilities for U.S. allies through export opportunities and through our operations in several countries around the world, including Canada, the United Kingdom, Spain, Switzerland, Austria and Germany. As a result, we have a market-leading position in light armored vehicles (LAVs) with approximately 14,000 of the high-mobility, versatile Pandur, Piranha and other LAVs in service worldwide.\nLand Systems is producing 360 new LAVs in eight variants, including ambulances, command posts, maintenance and recovery vehicles, and troop-carrying vehicles, for the Canadian Army, as well as upgrading its existing fleet. Land Systems is also producing the British Army\u2019s AJAX armored fighting vehicle, a next-generation, medium-weight tracked combat vehicle. With six variants, including a reconnaissance vehicle, an armored personnel carrier, and various support platforms, the AJAX family of vehicles offers advanced electronic architecture and proven technology for an unparalleled balance of survivability, lethality and mobility, along with high reliability for a vehicle in its weight class. \nELS is producing and upgrading Piranha vehicles, a premier 8x8 armored combat vehicle, around the world. We are currently providing Piranha 5 vehicles for several countries, including Denmark, Romania and Spain. Additionally, we provide mobile bridge systems with payloads ranging from 100 kilograms to 100 tons to customers worldwide. We offer the ASCOD, a highly versatile tracked combat vehicle with multiple versions, including the Spanish Pizarro and the Austrian Ulan. ELS also offers Duro and Eagle tactical vehicles in a range of options and weight classes and is currently producing these vehicles for Denmark, Luxembourg, Switzerland and Germany, while providing a full range of product support for the German armed forces.\nWe are expanding our platform capabilities through continued investment in robotic and autonomous vehicle technology. We have the Multi-Utility Tactical Transport (MUTT), a semi-autonomous robotic platform that can be equipped with an array of modular mission payloads for use alongside dismounted soldiers. This platform was selected as the U.S. Army\u2019s first robotic vehicle program of record and is officially designated as the Small Multipurpose Equipment Transport (SMET). Additionally, we have the Tracked Robot 10-ton (TRX) prototype, a medium-sized, semi-autonomous combat vehicle that enables critical battlefield roles, such as direct and indirect fire, autonomous resupply, reconnaissance and other battlefield missions. \n10\nOn December\u00a031, 2021, the installed base for our major vehicle programs, as well as the quantity and scheduled final delivery date of vehicles and vehicle upgrades currently in backlog were as follows:\nComplementing these military-vehicle offerings, OTS designs, develops and produces a comprehensive array of sophisticated weapon systems for ground forces, including the M2/M2-A1 heavy machine guns and MK19/MK47 grenade launchers. OTS also produces next-generation weapon systems for shipboard and aircraft applications, including high-speed Gatling guns for all U.S. fighter aircraft, including the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter.\nOTS\u2019s munitions portfolio covers the full breadth of naval, air and ground forces applications across all calibers and weapon platforms for the U.S. government and its non-U.S. partners. Globally, we maintain a market-leading position in the supply of Hydra-70 rockets, general-purpose bombs and bomb bodies, large-caliber tank ammunition, medium-caliber ammunition, military propellants, mortar, and artillery projectiles. OTS is also the systems integrator for the next generation of artillery solutions in support of the Army\u2019s Indirect Fire Modernization objectives. Additionally, OTS maintains a leading position providing missile subsystems in support of U.S. tactical and strategic missiles, provisioning both legacy and next-generation missiles with critical aerostructures, control actuators, high-performance warheads and cutting-edge hypersonic rocket cases.\n11\nRevenue for the Combat Systems segment was 19% of our consolidated revenue in 2021 and 2020 and 18% in 2019. Revenue by major products and services was as follows:\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\n2019\nMilitary vehicles\n$\n4,699\u00a0\n$\n4,687\u00a0\n$\n4,620\u00a0\nWeapons systems, armament and munitions\n2,006\u00a0\n1,991\u00a0\n1,906\u00a0\nEngineering and other services\n646\u00a0\n545\u00a0\n481\u00a0\nTotal Combat Systems\n$\n7,351\u00a0\n$\n7,223\u00a0\n$\n7,007\u00a0\nTECHNOLOGIES\nOur Technologies segment provides a full spectrum of services, technologies and products to an expanding market that increasingly seeks solutions combining leading-edge electronic hardware with specialized software. The segment is organized into two business units \u2014 Information Technology (GDIT) and Mission Systems. Together they serve a wide range of military, intelligence and federal civilian customers with a diverse portfolio that includes:\n\u2022\ninformation technology (IT) solutions and mission-support services;\n\u2022\nmobile communication, computers, command-and-control and cyber (C5) mission systems; and\n\u2022\nintelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) solutions.\nThis market has experienced a series of structural shifts in recent years, and our response to those trends has further solidified our position as a market leader. Over the past decade, the Department of Defense (DoD), the intelligence community and federal civilian agencies have increasingly prioritized technology solutions as a critical element of their missions. Cloud computing capabilities, cyber security threats, and advancements in artificial intelligence have transformed technology resources from short-cycle back-office support functions to a strategic priority for this customer community. The result is a significant increase in federal IT modernization and technology investments in recent years and a shift to large-scale, end-to-end, highly engineered solutions that require critical mass and a broad array of technology services and hardware offerings to meet these customer demands. The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has only accelerated these trends, which have included an expansion of remote connectivity and added urgency to required technology investments.\nThese market shifts have resulted in significant consolidation in the industry in recognition of the scale and breadth of capabilities required to meet this growing demand. In response to these market dynamics, in 2015 we combined our C5 and ISR operations into a single Mission Systems business unit, and in 2018 we acquired CSRA, Inc. (CSRA), which doubled the size of our IT services business, brought critical capabilities and repositioned the segment as a leader in this market.\nDuring the four years following the acquisition of CSRA, GDIT and Mission Systems carried out considerable portfolio shaping and realignment. At the top level, the two businesses share the same defense, intelligence and federal civilian customer base and increasingly go to market together to meet the ever-changing information-systems and mission-support needs of these customers. In addition, with the convergence of digital technologies, the two businesses have considerable commonality and benefit from significant complementary pull-through in their core offerings and solution sets, particularly in the areas of cloud computing; artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML); big data analytics; development, security and operations (DevSecOps); software-defined networks; and everything as-a-service (XaaS).\n12\nWith a broad network of global partners, the segment develops solutions that keep its customers at the leading edge of technology in support of their missions. The segment\u2019s highly skilled workforce is one of its key differentiators and comprises approximately 40,000 employees, including technologists, engineers, mission experts and cleared personnel dedicated to solving the toughest security and technology challenges facing the United States and its allies.\nGDIT modernizes large-scale IT enterprises and deploys the latest technologies to optimize and protect customer networks, data and information. Operating hundreds of complex digital modernization programs across the federal government, GDIT\u2019s expansive portfolio includes cloud strategy and services, cybersecurity, network modernization, managed services, AI/ML, application development, and high-performance computing.\nMission Systems offers solutions across all domains and produces a unique combination of products and capabilities that are purpose-built for essential C5ISR applications. Our technologies and products are often built into platforms and integrated systems on which our customers rely. The business\u2019 portfolio includes prime contract programs to provide innovative defense-electronics solutions as well as subcontract efforts that enhance the capabilities of large-scale land, air, sea and space platforms.\nThe Technologies segment leverages its scale, partnerships and deep knowledge of its customers\u2019 missions and challenges to bring innovation to those customers across a portfolio of thousands of contracts. While no individual contract is material to the segment\u2019s results, the following highlights provide a sampling of the value of this combined business. \nGDIT delivers a full spectrum of cloud solutions and services to modernize customers\u2019 legacy IT infrastructures and systems. These cloud capabilities advance security and accelerate access to cutting-edge technologies such as high-performance computing and AI/ML. For the DoD, GDIT is delivering, integrating and supporting Microsoft\u2019s cloud-based productivity suite, Microsoft Office 365, under the Defense Enterprise Office Systems (DEOS) contract, which secures and streamlines email and collaborative tools across the DoD enterprise. In the federal civilian market, GDIT is delivering a scalable, hybrid multi-cloud platform to modernize the United States Patent and Trademark Office\u2019s IT infrastructure and services.\nWe apply AI/ML to expand the human capacity to make better decisions and implement smarter actions as we automate, secure and enhance our customers\u2019 operations. For the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), GDIT leverages managed services and AI/ML to accelerate veteran benefits claims processing, develops applications and software to improve the veteran user experience, and provides on-demand 24/7/365 IT support to more than 500,000 VA personnel nationwide. In the federal civilian sector, GDIT supports some of the fastest supercomputers in the world, responsible for biomedical research, weather forecasting and climate modeling. \nTo adapt to a constantly evolving threat landscape, GDIT embeds cyber solutions into every aspect of digital modernization. More than 3,000 cyber professionals support cyber projects across 30 agencies in the federal government. This work includes modernizing the IT infrastructure for the U.S. Southern Command\u2019s (USSOUTHCOM) secured networks with a full range of capabilities, including cyber security, cloud computing and software development.\nMission Systems develops and manufactures combat-proven global positioning systems (GPS) for the U.S. Army. This includes capabilities to ensure reliable satellite connectivity in any location and a suite of Assured Position, Navigation and Timing capabilities, which provide military forces the ability to synchronize communications utilizing trusted data, even when GPS signals are degraded or denied. \n13\nWe are working with our Army customer to adapt elements of 5G technology to address battlefield realities such as jamming, spoofing, cyberattacks and lack of ground connectivity. We also provide similar capabilities to non-U.S. customers, including Canada and the United Kingdom.\nOn the platform side, we have a more than 60-year legacy of providing advanced fire-control systems for the Navy\u2019s submarine programs. We are developing and integrating commercial off-the-shelf software and hardware upgrades to improve the tactical control capabilities for several submarine classes, including the Columbia and U.K. Dreadnought ballistic-missile submarines.\nMission Systems is also investing in autonomous capabilities, opening in 2021 a new Unmanned Undersea Vehicle (UUV) Manufacturing and Assembly Center of Excellence in Taunton, Massachusetts. The facility will provide manufacturing, assembly, integration and testing capabilities for Mission Systems\u2019 Knifefish and Bluefin Robotics UUVs.\nRevenue for the Technologies segment was 33% of our consolidated revenue in 2021 and 34% in 2020 and 2019. Revenue by major products and services was as follows:\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\n2019\nIT services\n$\n8,069\u00a0\n$\n7,892\u00a0\n$\n8,422\u00a0\nC5ISR solutions\n4,388\u00a0\n4,756\u00a0\n4,937\u00a0\nTotal Technologies\n$\n12,457\u00a0\n$\n12,648\u00a0\n$\n13,359\u00a0\nCUSTOMERS\nIn 2021, 70% of our consolidated revenue was from the U.S. government, 12% was from U.S. commercial customers, 10% was from non-U.S. government customers and the remaining 8% was from non-U.S. commercial customers.\nU.S. GOVERNMENT\nOur primary customer is the DoD. We also contract with other U.S. government customers, including the intelligence community and the Departments of Homeland Security and Health and Human Services. Our revenue from the U.S. government was as follows:\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\n2019\nDoD\n$\n21,386\u00a0\n$\n20,840\u00a0\n$\n19,864\u00a0\nNon-DoD\n4,862\u00a0\n4,726\u00a0\n5,254\u00a0\nForeign military sales (FMS)*\n598\u00a0\n737\u00a0\n689\u00a0\nTotal U.S. government\n$\n26,846\u00a0\n$\n26,303\u00a0\n$\n25,807\u00a0\n% of total revenue\n70\u00a0\n%\n69\u00a0\n%\n66\u00a0\n%\n*\nIn addition to our direct non-U.S. sales, we sell to non-U.S. governments through the FMS program. Under the FMS program, we contract with and are paid by the U.S. government, and the U.S. government assumes the risk of collection from the non-U.S. government customer.\nOur U.S. government revenue is derived from fixed-price, cost-reimbursement and time-and-materials contracts. Our production contracts are primarily fixed-price. Under these contracts, we agree to perform a specific scope of work for a fixed amount. Contracts for research, engineering, repair and maintenance, and other services are typically cost-reimbursement or time-and-materials. Under cost-reimbursement contracts, the customer reimburses contract costs incurred and pays a fixed, incentive or award-based fee. These fees are determined by our ability to achieve targets set in the contract, such as \n14\ncost, quality, schedule and performance. Under time-and-materials contracts, the customer pays a fixed hourly rate for direct labor and generally reimburses us for the cost of materials.\nOf our U.S. government revenue, fixed-price contracts accounted for 57% in 2021 and 59% in 2020 and 2019; cost-reimbursement contracts accounted for 36% in 2021 and 35% in 2020 and 2019; and time-and-materials contracts accounted for 7% in 2021 and 6% in 2020 and 2019.\nFor information on the advantages and disadvantages of each of these contract types, see Note B to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. \nU.S. COMMERCIAL\nOur U.S. commercial revenue was $4.8\u00a0billion in 2021, $4.9 billion in 2020 and $6 billion in 2019, which represented 12%, 13% and 15% of our consolidated revenue in each of the respective years. The majority of this revenue was for business jet aircraft and related services where our customer base consists of individuals and public and privately held companies across a wide range of industries. \nNON-U.S.\nOur revenue from non-U.S. government and commercial customers was $6.8\u00a0billion in 2021, $6.7 billion in 2020 and $7.6 billion in 2019, which represented 18% of our consolidated revenue in 2021 and 2020 and 19% in 2019.\nWe conduct business with customers around the world. Our non-U.S. defense subsidiaries maintain long-term relationships with their customers and have established themselves as principal regional suppliers and employers, providing a broad portfolio of products and services.\nOur non-U.S. commercial revenue consists primarily of business jet aircraft exports and worldwide aircraft services. While the installed base of aircraft is concentrated in North America, orders from customers outside North America represent a significant portion of our aircraft business with approximately 45% of the Aerospace segment\u2019s aircraft backlog on December\u00a031, 2021.\nCOMPETITION\nSeveral factors determine our ability to compete successfully in the defense and business-aviation markets. While customers\u2019 evaluation criteria vary, the principal competitive elements include:\n\u2022\nthe technical excellence, reliability, safety and cost competitiveness of our products and services;\n\u2022\nour ability to innovate and develop new products and technologies that improve mission performance and adapt to dynamic threats;\n\u2022\nsuccessful program execution and on-time delivery of complex, integrated systems;\n\u2022\nour global footprint and accessibility to customers;\n\u2022\nthe reputation and customer confidence derived from past performance; and\n\u2022\nthe successful management of customer relationships.\nDEFENSE MARKET COMPETITION\nThe U.S. government contracts with numerous domestic and non-U.S. companies for products and services. We compete against other contractors as well as smaller companies that specialize in a particular technology or capability. Outside the United States, we compete with global defense contractors\u2019 exports and the offerings of private and state-owned defense manufacturers. Our Marine Systems segment has one primary competitor with which it also partners on the Virginia-class \n15\nsubmarine program, and to which it subcontracts on the Columbia-class submarine program. Our Combat Systems segment competes with a large number of U.S. and non-U.S. businesses. Our Technologies segment competes with many companies, from large government contracting and commercial technology companies to small niche competitors with specialized technologies or expertise. The operating cycle of many of our major programs can result in sustained periods of program continuity when we perform successfully.\nWe are involved in teaming and subcontracting relationships with some of our competitors. Competitions for major defense and other government contracting programs often require companies to form teams to bring together a spectrum of capabilities to meet the customer\u2019s requirements. Opportunities associated with these programs include roles as the program\u2019s integrator, overseeing and coordinating the efforts of all participants on a team, or as a provider of a specific component or subsystem.\nBUSINESS JET AIRCRAFT MARKET COMPETITION\nThe Aerospace segment has several competitors for each of its Gulfstream products. Key competitive factors include aircraft safety, reliability and performance; comfort and in-flight productivity; service quality, global footprint and responsiveness; technological and new-product innovation; and price. We believe that Gulfstream competes effectively in all of these areas.\nThe Aerospace segment competes worldwide in the business jet aircraft services market primarily on the basis of quality, price and timeliness. While competition for each type of service varies somewhat, the segment faces a number of competitors of varying sizes for each of its offerings. \nINTELLECTUAL PROPERTY\nWe develop technology, manufacturing processes and systems-integration practices. In addition to owning a large portfolio of proprietary intellectual property, we license some intellectual property rights to and from others. The U.S. government holds licenses to many of our patents developed in the performance of U.S. government contracts, and it may use or authorize others to use the inventions covered by these patents. Although these intellectual property rights are important to the operation of our business, no existing patent, license or other intellectual property right is of such importance that its loss or termination would have a material impact on our business.\nHUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT\nOur company consists of a community of approximately 103,100 employees dedicated to our ethos of transparency, trust, honesty and alignment. These four values drive how we operate our business; govern how we interact with each other and our customers, partners, and suppliers; guide the way that we treat our workforce; and determine how we connect with our communities. Our commitment to ethical business practices is outlined in our Standards of Business Ethics and Conduct, commonly known as our Blue Book. The Blue Book states our expectation that all employees conduct business in accordance with our Ethos, applicable laws and our policies; each employee is asked to acknowledge receipt, understanding of and compliance with our standards\n.\nDue to the highly specialized nature of our business, we are required to hire and train skilled and qualified personnel to design and build the products and perform the services required by our customers. We recognize that our success as a company depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain a \n16\nqualified workforce. As such, we promote the health, welfare and safety of our employees. Part of our responsibility includes treating all employees with dignity and respect and providing them with fair, market-based, competitive and equitable compensation. We recognize and reward the performance of our employees in line with our pay-for-performance philosophy and provide a comprehensive suite of benefit options that enables our employees and their dependents to live healthy and productive lives.\nSafety in our workplaces is paramount. Across our businesses, we take measures to prevent workplace hazards, encourage safe behaviors and enforce a culture of continuous improvement to ensure our processes help reduce incidents and illnesses and comply with governing health and safety laws. These efforts continue to be of the utmost importance as we address the ongoing challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic.\nWe are committed to promoting diversity of thought, experience, perspectives, backgrounds and capabilities to drive innovation and strengthen the solutions we deliver to our customers because we believe the results lead to a better outcome. We proudly support a culture of inclusion and encourage a work environment that respects diverse opinions, values individual skills and celebrates the unique experiences our employees bring. We are dedicated to equal employment opportunity that fosters and supports diversity in a principled, productive and inclusive work environment. We stand for basic universal human rights, including that employment must be voluntary. We track, measure and analyze our workforce trends to establish accountability for continuing to cultivate diverse and inclusive environments across our businesses and at every level of our company.\nOur values motivate us to promote strong workplace practices with opportunities for development and training. Our training and development efforts focus on ensuring that the workforce is appropriately trained on critical job skills as well as leadership behaviors that are consistent with our ethos. We conduct rigorous succession planning exercises to ensure that key positions have the appropriate level of bench strength to provide for future key positions and leadership transitions. We listen to our workforce to assess areas of concern and levels of engagement.\n2021 WORKFORCE STATISTICS\n\u2022\nApproximately 85% of our employees are based in the United States, of which roughly 70% are white, 30% are people of color and 20% are veterans of the U.S. armed forces. The remaining 15% of our workforce is based internationally in over 65 countries with the primary concentrations in North America and Europe.\n\u2022\nOur global workforce is 76% male and 24% female with our senior leadership teams across the business represented by 74% males and 26% females. During 2021, the diversity profile of our workforce continued to improve across our businesses as we hired approximately 21,300 individuals of which 69% were male and 31% were female. For our 2021 U.S.-based hires, 61% were white and 39% were people of color.\nRAW MATERIALS AND SUPPLIERS\nWe depend on suppliers and subcontractors for raw materials, components and subsystems. Our U.S. government customer is a supplier on some of our programs. These supply networks can experience price fluctuations and capacity constraints, which can put pressure on our costs. Effective management and oversight of suppliers and subcontractors is an important element of our successful performance. If our sources of supply are disrupted, particularly in instances where we rely on only one or two sources of supply, our ability to meet our customer commitments could be adversely impacted. We attempt to \n17\nmitigate risks with our suppliers by entering into long-term agreements and leveraging company-wide agreements to achieve economies of scale and by negotiating flexible pricing terms in our customer contracts. We have not experienced, and do not foresee, significant difficulties in obtaining the materials, components or supplies necessary for our business operations.\nREGULATORY MATTERS\nU.S. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS\nU.S. government contracts are subject to procurement laws and regulations. The Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and the Cost Accounting Standards (CAS) govern the majority of our contracts. The FAR mandates uniform policies and procedures for U.S. government acquisitions and purchased services. Also, individual agencies can have acquisition regulations that provide implementing language for the FAR or that supplement the FAR. For example, the DoD implements the FAR through the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS). For all federal government entities, the FAR regulates the phases of any product or service acquisition, including:\n\u2022\nacquisition planning;\n\u2022\ncompetition requirements;\n\u2022\ncontractor qualifications;\n\u2022\nprotection of source selection and supplier information; and\n\u2022\nacquisition procedures.\nIn addition, the FAR addresses the allowability of our costs, while the CAS addresses the allocation of those costs to contracts. The FAR and CAS subject us to audits and other government reviews covering issues such as cost, performance, internal controls and accounting practices relating to our contracts.\nNON-U.S. REGULATORY\nOur non-U.S. operations are subject to the applicable government regulations and procurement policies and practices, as well as U.S. policies and regulations. We are also subject to regulations governing investments, exchange controls, repatriation of earnings and import-export control.\nBUSINESS JET AIRCRAFT\nThe Aerospace segment is subject to FAA regulation in the United States and other similar aviation regulatory authorities internationally, including the Civil Aviation Administration of Israel (CAAI), the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) and the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC). For an aircraft to be manufactured and sold, the model must receive a type certificate from the appropriate aviation authority, and each aircraft must receive a certificate of airworthiness. Aircraft outfitting and completions also require approval by the appropriate aviation authority, which is often accomplished through a supplemental type certificate. Aviation authorities can require changes to a specific aircraft or model type before granting approval. Maintenance facilities and charter operations must be licensed by aviation authorities as well.\nENVIRONMENTAL\nWe are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations cover the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal, investigation and remediation of materials, substances and wastes identified in the laws and regulations. We are directly or indirectly \n18\ninvolved in environmental investigations or remediation at some of our current and former facilities and at third-party sites that we do not own but where we have been designated a potentially responsible party (PRP) by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency or a state environmental agency. As a PRP, we are potentially liable to the government or third parties for the cost of remediating contamination. In cases where we have been designated a PRP, we generally seek to mitigate these environmental liabilities through available insurance coverage and by pursuing appropriate cost-recovery actions. In the unlikely event that we are required to fully fund the remediation of a site, the current statutory framework would allow us to pursue contributions from other PRPs. We regularly assess our compliance status and management of environmental matters.\nOperating and maintenance costs associated with environmental compliance and management of contaminated sites are a normal, recurring part of our operations. Historically, these costs have not been material. In addition, we could be affected by future laws or regulations imposed in response to concerns over climate change, the timing and effect of which are difficult to assess.\nChanges in environmental and climate change laws or regulations, including laws relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could lead to new or additional investment in product designs or facilities and could increase environmental compliance expenditures, including increased energy and raw materials costs. Environmental costs are often recoverable under our contracts with the U.S. government. Based on information currently available and current U.S. government policies relating to cost recovery, we do not expect continued compliance with environmental regulations, including costs associated with changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations, to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. For additional information relating to the impact of environmental matters, see Note M to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.\nAVAILABLE INFORMATION\nWe file reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pursuant to Section\u00a013(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These reports and information include an annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy statements. Free copies of these items are made available on our website (www.gd.com) as soon as practicable. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information.\nIn addition to the information contained in this Form 10-K, information about the company can be found on our website and our Investor Relations website (investorrelations.gd.com). Our Investor Relations website contains a significant amount of information about the company, including financial information, our corporate governance principles and practices, and other information for investors. We encourage investors to visit our website, as we frequently update and post new information about our company, and it is possible that this information could be deemed to be material information.\nReferences to our website and the SEC\u2019s website in this Form 10-K do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the websites. The information should not be considered a part of this Form 10-K, unless otherwise expressly incorporated by reference.\n19", "item1a": ">ITEM\u00a01A.\n RISK FACTORS\nAn investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to risks and uncertainties. Investors should consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding whether to purchase our securities.\nInvestment risks can be market-wide as well as unique to a specific industry or company. The market risks faced by an investor in our stock are similar to the uncertainties faced by investors in a broad range of industries. There are some risks that apply more specifically to our business.\nOur revenue is concentrated with the U.S. government. This customer relationship involves some specific risks. In addition, our sales to non-U.S. customers expose us to different financial and legal risks. Despite the varying nature of our government and commercial operations and the markets they serve, each segment shares some common risks, such as the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability and quality of commodities and subsystems.\nRisks Relating to Our Business and Industry\nThe U.S. government provides a significant portion of our revenue.\n In 2021, 70% of our consolidated revenue was from the U.S. government. Levels of U.S. defense spending are driven by threats to national security. Competing demands for federal funds can pressure various areas of spending. Decreases in U.S. government defense and other spending or changes in spending allocation or priorities could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed or terminated, which could impact our financial performance.\nFor additional information relating to U.S. budget matters, see the Business Environment section of Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7.\nU.S. government contracts are not always fully funded at inception, and any funding is subject to disruption or delay.\n Our U.S. government revenue is funded by agency budgets that operate on an October-to-September fiscal year. Early each calendar year, the President of the United States presents to the Congress the budget for the upcoming fiscal year. This budget proposes funding levels for every federal agency and is the result of months of policy and program reviews throughout the executive branch. For the remainder of the year, the Appropriations and Authorization Committees of the Congress review the President\u2019s budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year. Once these levels are enacted into law, the Executive Office of the President administers the funds to the agencies.\nThere are two primary risks associated with the U.S. government budget cycle. First, the annual process may be delayed or disrupted. If the annual budget is not approved by the beginning of the government fiscal year, portions of the U.S. government can shut down or operate under a continuing resolution that maintains spending at prior-year levels, which can impact funding for our programs and timing of new awards. Second, the Congress typically appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis, even though contract performance may extend over many years. Future revenue under existing multi-year contracts is conditioned on the continuing availability of congressional appropriations. Changes in appropriations in subsequent years may impact the funding available for these programs. Delays or changes in funding can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content.\nOur government contracts are subject to termination rights by the customer. \nU.S. government contracts generally permit the government to terminate a contract, in whole or in part, for convenience. If a contract is terminated for convenience, a contractor usually is entitled to receive payments for its \n20\nallowable costs incurred and the proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. The government may also terminate a contract for default in the event of a breach by the contractor. If a contract is terminated for default, the government in most cases pays only for the work it has accepted. Many foreign contracts have similar termination rights by customers. The termination of multiple or large programs could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and earnings.\nGovernment contractors operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to audit by the U.S. government.\n Numerous U.S. government agencies routinely audit and review government contractors. These agencies review a contractor\u2019s performance under its contracts and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. The U.S. government also reviews the adequacy of, and compliance with, internal control systems and policies, including the contractor\u2019s purchasing, property, estimating, material, earned value management and accounting systems. In some cases, audits may result in delayed payments or contractor costs not being reimbursed or subject to repayment. If an audit or investigation were to result in allegations against a contractor of improper or illegal activities, civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions could result, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government. In addition, reputational harm could result if allegations of impropriety were made. In some cases, audits may result in disputes with the respective government agency that can result in negotiated settlements, arbitration or litigation. Moreover, new laws, regulations or standards, or changes to existing ones, can increase our performance and compliance costs and reduce our profitability.\nOur Aerospace segment is subject to changing customer demand for business aircraft. \nThe\n \nbusiness jet market is driven by the demand for business-aviation products and services by corporate, individual and government customers in the United States and around the world. The Aerospace segment\u2019s results also depend on other factors, including general economic conditions, the availability of credit, pricing pressures and trends in capital goods markets. In addition, if customers default on existing contracts and the contracts are not replaced, the segment\u2019s anticipated revenue and profitability could be reduced materially.\nEarnings and margin depend on our ability to perform on our contracts.\n When agreeing to contractual terms, our management team makes assumptions and projections about future conditions and events. The accounting for our contracts and programs requires assumptions and estimates about these conditions and events. These projections and estimates assess:\n\u2022\nthe productivity and availability of labor;\n\u2022\nthe complexity of the work to be performed;\n\u2022\nthe cost and availability of materials and components; and\n\u2022\nschedule requirements.\nIf there is a significant change in one or more of these circumstances, estimates or assumptions, or if the risks under our contracts are not managed adequately, the profitability of contracts could be adversely affected. This could affect earnings and margin materially.\nEarnings and margin depend in part on subcontractor and supplier performance.\n We rely on other companies to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. Subcontractors also perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. We depend on these subcontractors and suppliers to meet our contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements and applicable law. Misconduct by subcontractors, such as a failure to comply with procurement regulations or engaging in unauthorized activities, may harm our future revenue and earnings. We manage our \n21\nsupplier base carefully to avoid or minimize customer issues. We sometimes rely on only one or two sources of supply that, if disrupted, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our customer commitments. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials, perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner, or engages in misconduct or other improper activities.\nOur future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers.\n Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system-integration processes. Our customers\u2019 requirements change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. Some new products, particularly in our Aerospace segment, must meet extensive and time-consuming regulatory requirements that are often outside our control and may result in unanticipated delays. Additionally, due to the highly specialized nature of our business, we must hire and retain the skilled and qualified personnel necessary to perform the services required by our customers. To the extent that the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees. If we were unable to develop new products that meet customers\u2019 changing needs and satisfy regulatory requirements in a timely manner or successfully attract and retain qualified personnel, our future revenue and earnings may be materially adversely affected.\nRisks Relating to Our International Operations\nSales and operations outside the United States are subject to different risks that may be associated with doing business in foreign countries.\n In some countries there is increased chance for economic, legal or political changes, and procurement procedures may be less robust or mature, which may complicate the contracting process. Our non-U.S. operations may be sensitive to and impacted by changes in a foreign government\u2019s national policies and priorities, political leadership and budgets, which may be influenced by changes in threat environments, geopolitical uncertainties, volatility in economic conditions and other economic and political factors. Changes and developments in any of these matters or factors may occur suddenly and could impact funding for programs or delay purchasing decisions or customer payments. Non-U.S. transactions can involve increased financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange rate variability and differing legal systems. Our non-U.S. operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to import-export controls, technology transfers, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and other anti-corruption laws, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). An unfavorable event or trend in any one or more of these factors or a failure to comply with U.S. or foreign laws could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges, and could materially adversely affect revenue and earnings associated with our non-U.S. operations.\nIn addition, some non-U.S. government customers require contractors to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and other similar financial arrangements. We may also be required to agree to specific in-country purchases, manufacturing agreements or financial support arrangements, known as offsets, that require us to satisfy investment or other requirements or face penalties. Offset requirements may extend over several years and could require us to team with local companies to fulfill these requirements. If we do not satisfy these financial or offset requirements, our future revenue and earnings may be materially adversely affected.\n22\nRisks Relating to Our Acquisitions and Similar Investment Activities\nWe have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties.\n When evaluating potential acquisitions and joint ventures, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends on multiple factors, including our integration of the businesses involved; the performance of the underlying products, capabilities, or technologies; market conditions following the acquisition; and acquired liabilities, including some that may not have been identified prior to the acquisition. These factors could materially adversely affect our financial results.\nChanges in business conditions may cause goodwill and other intangible assets to become impaired.\n Goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized and remains on our balance sheet indefinitely unless there is an impairment or a sale of a portion of the business. We review goodwill for impairment annually at each of our reporting units or when circumstances indicate that the likelihood of an impairment is greater than 50%. Such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. We face some uncertainty in our business environment due to a variety of challenges, including changes in government spending. We may experience unforeseen circumstances that adversely affect the value of our goodwill or intangible assets and trigger an evaluation of the amount of the recorded goodwill and intangible assets. Future write-offs of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of an impairment in the business could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.\nOther Business and Operational Risks\nOur business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity events and other disruptions.\n We face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our IT infrastructure and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our proprietary or classified information, denial-of-service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and threats from terrorist acts. We also design and manage IT systems and products that contain IT systems for various customers. We generally face the same security threats for these systems as for our own internal systems. In addition, we face cyber threats from entities that may seek to target us through our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other third parties with whom we do business. Accordingly, we maintain information security staff, policies and procedures for managing risk to our information systems; we conduct employee training on cybersecurity to mitigate persistent and continuously evolving cybersecurity threats; and we report cybersecurity events or losses of customer data to affected customers and applicable regulatory authorities. However, there can be no assurance that any such actions, or the safeguards put in place by our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other parties on which we rely, will be sufficient to detect, prevent and mitigate cybersecurity breaches or disruptions, or the unauthorized release of sensitive information or corruption of data.\nWe have experienced cybersecurity events and disruptions such as viruses and attacks targeting our IT systems. Such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, future threats could, among other things, cause harm to our business and our reputation; disrupt our operations; expose us to potential liability, regulatory actions and loss of business; challenge our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for government customers; and impact our results of operations materially. Due to the evolving nature of these security \n23\nthreats, the potential impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cybersecurity attacks or disruptions resulting from such events.\nOur business may continue to be negatively impacted by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic or other similar outbreaks.\n The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and could continue to have, a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Effects include disruptions or restrictions on our employees\u2019 ability to work effectively, temporary closures of our facilities or the facilities of our customers, and supply-chain disruptions, which could affect our ability to perform on our contracts. In addition, the U.S. government\u2019s federal contractor vaccine mandate could adversely affect our ability, and our subcontractors\u2019 ability, to hire and retain highly skilled employees to work on U.S. government programs. Any cost increases that result from these effects may not be fully recoverable on our contracts or adequately covered by insurance, which could impact our profitability. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets of many countries, which could result in a prolonged economic downturn that may negatively affect demand for our products and services. The imposition of quarantine and travel restrictions has negatively affected and, if reimposed, may continue to negatively affect portions of our business, particularly our Aerospace and Technologies segments. The extent to which COVID-19 continues to impact our business, results of operations and financial condition is highly uncertain and will depend on future developments. Such developments may include the geographic spread and duration of the virus, including the emergence of new variants, the severity of the disease, vaccination rates and the actions that may be taken by various governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. Other outbreaks of contagious diseases or other adverse public health developments in countries where we operate or our customers are located could similarly affect our business in the future.\nIncreased regulation related to global climate change could negatively affect our business. \nIncreased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in state, federal or international requirements to reduce or mitigate global warming, such as the imposition of carbon pricing mechanisms or stricter limits on greenhouse gas emissions. If environmental or climate-change laws or regulations are adopted or changed that impose significant new costs, operational restrictions or compliance requirements upon our business or our products, they could increase our capital expenditures, reduce our margins and adversely affect our financial position.\nFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS\nThis Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on management\u2019s expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. Words such as \u201cexpects,\u201d \u201canticipates,\u201d \u201cplans,\u201d \u201cbelieves,\u201d \u201cscheduled,\u201d \u201coutlook,\u201d \u201cestimates,\u201d \u201cshould\u201d and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples include projections of revenue, earnings, operating margin, segment performance, cash flows, contract awards, aircraft production, deliveries and backlog. In making these statements, we rely on assumptions and analyses based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances. We believe our estimates and judgments are reasonable based on information available to us at the time. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual future results and trends \n24\nmay differ materially from what is forecast in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the risk factors discussed in this Form 10-K.\nAll forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to General Dynamics or any person acting on our behalf are qualified by the cautionary statements in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report. These factors may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports on SEC Forms 10-Q and 8-K.", "item7": ">ITEM 7.\n MANAGEMENT\u2019S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS\n(Dollars in millions, except per-share amounts or unless otherwise noted)\nFor an overview of our operating segments, including a discussion of our major products and services, see the Business discussion contained in Item 1. The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for 2021 compared with 2020 should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8, while a discussion of 2020 compared with 2019 can be found in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. \nBUSINESS ENVIRONMENT\nGLOBAL PANDEMIC UPDATE\nThe coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has caused significant disruptions to national and global economies and government activities since March 2020. During this time, we have continued to conduct our operations while responding to the pandemic with actions to mitigate adverse consequences to our employees, business, supply chain and customers. Consistent with our prioritization of the health and safety of our employees, we continue to encourage and promote vaccination across the company. Any long-term impact to our business is currently unknown due to the uncertainty around the pandemic\u2019s duration and its broader impact. For additional information, see the Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A.\nThe United States and other governments have taken several steps to respond to the pandemic. On September 9, 2021, the president signed Executive Order 14042, initiating a process whereby covered federal contractors and subcontractors must implement federally required vaccine mandates. A clause implementing the federal contractor vaccine mandate has been incorporated into a number of our federal contracts. In light of certain court orders, however, the Office of Management and Budget has stated that the U.S. government will not take action to enforce this clause until further notice. If ultimately upheld, this federal contract requirement may affect various business units differently. We are working closely with our customer to ensure that we minimize disruptions and potential employee attrition in the event that applicable contract modifications are enforceable and as additional modifications are received that could trigger implementation. To the extent that we or our subcontractors experience employee attrition and/or work stoppages, our costs could increase, schedules could slip on affected programs and our ability to perform under some contracts could be negatively affected, particularly in those instances where we cannot receive cost reimbursement.\nOur Aerospace segment\u2019s operating results have experienced the most significant impact from the pandemic. New aircraft deliveries in 2021 reflected our decision in 2020 to reduce production rates to accommodate supply chain challenges and reduced demand due to the pandemic. However, aircraft demand has been strong in 2021, with orders reaching their highest level in over a decade. Similarly, demand for aircraft services has improved as air travel has increased, but remains below pre-pandemic levels in some regions of the world. Our U.S. government business continues to experience some disruption from the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in our Technologies segment. The Review of Operating Segments includes additional information on the impacts of the pandemic for the affected segments.\n30\nOUR MARKETS\nWith approximately 70% of our revenue from the U.S. government, government spending levels \n\u2014\n particularly defense spending \n\u2014\n influence our financial performance. The Congress has not yet passed a defense appropriations bill for the government\u2019s fiscal year (FY) 2022 despite the fact that the new year began on October 1, 2021. However, on December 3, 2021, a continuing resolution (CR) was signed into law, providing funding for federal agencies through February 18, 2022. When the government operates under a CR, all programs of record are funded at the prior year\u2019s appropriated levels, and the Department of Defense (DoD) is prohibited from starting new programs. While this could result in delayed revenue growth as programs that were expected to have increased funding levels continue to operate at the prior-year levels until the current-year appropriations bill is passed, we do not anticipate that the current CR, or any subsequent extensions, will have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. \nThe long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military\u2019s funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution.\nInternational demand for military equipment and technologies presents opportunities for our non-U.S. operations and exports from our North American businesses. While the revenue potential can be significant, there are risks to doing business in foreign countries, including changing budget priorities and overall spending pressures unique to each country.\nIn our Aerospace segment, we expect our investment in the development of new aircraft products and technologies to support the segment\u2019s long-term growth. Similarly, we believe the aircraft services business will be a source of steady revenue growth as the global business jet fleet continues to grow and the impact of the pandemic subsides.\nOTHER LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY\nIn November 2021, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the Build Back Better Act (BBBA), which provides for changes to U.S. corporate income taxation. BBBA would delay until 2026 the requirement to capitalize and amortize over five years certain research and experimental expenditures beginning in 2022 that were previously deductible immediately.\nWe cannot determine whether some or all of the proposals that were included in BBBA will be enacted into law or what, if any, change may be made to such proposals prior to enactment. If the requirement to capitalize and amortize research and experimental expenditures were delayed via passage of BBBA or other legislation, it would delay the temporary increase in our tax payments otherwise beginning in 2022 that would be caused by the capitalization requirement.\nRESULTS OF OPERATIONS\nINTRODUCTION\nThe following paragraphs explain how we recognize revenue and operating costs in our operating segments and the terminology we use to describe our operating results. \nIn the Aerospace segment, we record revenue on contracts for new aircraft when the customer obtains control of the asset, which is generally upon delivery and acceptance by the customer of the fully \n31\noutfitted aircraft. Revenue associated with the segment\u2019s custom completions of narrow-body and wide-body aircraft and the segment\u2019s services businesses is recognized as work progresses or upon delivery of services. Fluctuations in revenue from period to period result from the number and mix of new aircraft deliveries, progress on aircraft completions, and the level and type of aircraft services performed during the period.\nThe majority of the Aerospace segment\u2019s operating costs relates to new aircraft production on firm orders and consists of labor, material, subcontractor and overhead costs. The costs are accumulated in production lots, recorded in inventory and recognized as operating costs at aircraft delivery based on the estimated average unit cost in a production lot. While changes in the estimated average unit cost for a production lot impact the level of operating costs, the amount of operating costs reported in a given period is based largely on the number and type of aircraft delivered. Operating costs in the Aerospace segment\u2019s completions and services businesses are recognized generally as incurred.\nFor new aircraft, operating earnings and margin are a function of the prices of our aircraft, our operational efficiency in manufacturing and outfitting the aircraft, and the mix of ultra-large-cabin, large-cabin and mid-cabin aircraft deliveries. Aircraft mix can also refer to the stage of program maturity for our aircraft models. A new aircraft model typically has lower margins in its initial production lots, and then margins generally increase as we realize efficiencies in the production process. Additional factors affecting the segment\u2019s earnings and margin include the volume, mix and profitability of completions and services work performed, the market for pre-owned aircraft, and the level of general and administrative (G&A) and net research and development (R&D) costs incurred by the segment.\nIn the defense segments, revenue on long-term government contracts is recognized generally over time as the work progresses, either as products are produced or as services are rendered. Typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. Incurred cost represents work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. Contract costs include labor, material, overhead and, when appropriate, G&A expenses. Variances in costs recognized from period to period reflect primarily increases and decreases in production or activity levels on individual contracts. Because costs are used as a measure of progress, year-over-year variances in cost result in corresponding variances in revenue, which we generally refer to as volume.\nOperating earnings and margin in the defense segments are driven by changes in volume, performance or contract mix. Performance refers to changes in profitability based on adjustments to estimates at completion on individual contracts. These adjustments result from increases or decreases to the estimated value of the contract, the estimated costs to complete the contract or both. Therefore, changes in costs incurred in the period compared with prior periods do not necessarily impact profitability. It is only when total estimated costs at completion on a given contract change without a corresponding change in the contract value (or vice versa) that the profitability of that contract may be impacted. Contract mix refers to changes in the volume of higher- versus lower-margin work. Higher or lower margins can result from a number of factors, including contract type (e.g., fixed-price/cost-reimbursable) and type of work (e.g., development/production). Contract mix can also refer to the stage of program maturity for our long-term production contracts. New long-term production contracts typically have lower margins initially, and then margins generally increase as we achieve learning curve improvements or realize other cost reductions.\n32\nCONSOLIDATED OVERVIEW\n2021 IN REVIEW\n\u2022\nStrong operating performance:\n\u25e6\nRevenue of $38.5\u00a0billion, an increase of 1.4% from 2020.\n\u25e6\nOperating earnings of $4.2 billion with sequential growth throughout the year. \n\u25e6\nDiluted earnings per share of $11.55, up 5% from 2020.\n\u25e6\nCash provided by operating activities of $4.3 billion, or 131% percent of net earnings. \n\u2022\nBacklog of $87.6 billion, supporting our long-term growth expectations:\n\u25e6\nSignificant Gulfstream aircraft order activity, including orders for the recently announced G400 and G800 aircraft.\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\nVariance\nRevenue\n$\n38,469\u00a0\n$\n37,925\u00a0\n$\n544\u00a0\n1.4\u00a0\n%\nOperating costs and expenses\n(34,306)\n(33,792)\n(514)\n1.5\u00a0\n%\nOperating earnings\n4,163\u00a0\n4,133\u00a0\n30\u00a0\n0.7\u00a0\n%\nOperating margin\n10.8\u00a0\n%\n10.9\u00a0\n%\nOur consolidated revenue increased in 2021 driven by growth in U.S. Navy ship construction in our Marine Systems segment. Higher aircraft services activity was offset by a planned reduction in aircraft deliveries in our Aerospace segment. Lower C5ISR solutions revenue was offset partially by increased IT services activity in our Technologies segment and international vehicle revenue in our Combat Systems segment. Operating margin remained steady in 2021.\nREVIEW OF OPERATING SEGMENTS\nFollowing is a discussion of operating results and outlook for each of our operating segments. For the Aerospace segment, results are analyzed by specific types of products and services, consistent with how the segment is managed. For the defense segments, the discussion is based on markets and the lines of products and services offered with a supplemental discussion of specific contracts and programs when significant to the results. Additional information regarding our segments can be found in Note O to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.\nAEROSPACE\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\nVariance\nRevenue\n$\n8,135\u00a0\n$\n8,075\u00a0\n$\n60\u00a0\n0.7\u00a0\n%\nOperating earnings\n1,031\u00a0\n1,083\u00a0\n(52)\n(4.8)\n%\nOperating margin\n12.7\u00a0\n%\n13.4\u00a0\n%\nGulfstream aircraft deliveries (in units)\n119\u00a0\n127\u00a0\n(8)\n(6.3)\n%\n33\nOperating Results\nThe increase in the Aerospace segment\u2019s revenue in 2021 consisted of the following:\nAircraft services\n$\n311\u00a0\nAircraft manufacturing\n(251)\nTotal increase\n$\n60\u00a0\nAircraft services revenue was higher in 2021 due to increased air travel driving additional demand for maintenance work and activity at our fixed-base operator (FBO) facilities. Aircraft manufacturing revenue decreased in 2021 due to fewer aircraft deliveries, reflecting the full impact of our decision in 2020 to reduce aircraft production rates in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. \nThe change in the segment\u2019s operating earnings in 2021 consisted of the following:\nAircraft manufacturing\n$\n(160)\nAircraft services\n122\u00a0\nImpact of 2020 restructuring charge\n59\u00a0\nG&A/other expenses\n(73)\nTotal decrease\n$\n(52)\nAircraft manufacturing operating earnings were down in 2021 due to the planned reduced aircraft production and delivery rates and mark-to-market adjustments related to G500 test aircraft. In 2021, aircraft manufacturing operating earnings were also impacted negatively by the settlement of claims with a supplier related to the assignment of warranties following the end of G550 production.\nThese decreases were offset partially by increased aircraft services operating earnings due to higher volume and a favorable mix of aircraft services. The operating earnings variance also reflects restructuring actions taken in 2020 to adjust the workforce size to the revised production levels.\nOperating earnings in 2021 reflected higher G&A/other expenses due primarily to increased R&D expenses associated with ongoing product development efforts, including flight test activities for the G700, which is scheduled to enter service in the fourth quarter of 2022. In total, the Aerospace segment\u2019s operating margin decreased 70 basis points in 2021 to 12.7%.\n2022 Outlook\nWe expect the Aerospace segment\u2019s 2022 revenue to increase to approximately $8.4 billion due to increased new aircraft deliveries with operating margin of approximately 12.8%. We expect aircraft deliveries to continue to increase in 2023 and 2024, resulting in additional revenue growth of $2 billion in 2023 and $1.6 billion in 2024 and operating margin expansion of 200 basis points and 100 basis points, respectively. \nMARINE SYSTEMS\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\nVariance\nRevenue\n$\n10,526\u00a0\n$\n9,979\u00a0\n$\n547\u00a0\n5.5\u00a0\n%\nOperating earnings\n874\u00a0\n854\u00a0\n20\u00a0\n2.3\u00a0\n%\nOperating margin\n8.3\u00a0\n%\n8.6\u00a0\n%\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n34\nOperating Results\nThe increase in the Marine Systems segment\u2019s revenue in 2021 consisted of the following:\nU.S. Navy ship construction\n$\n716\u00a0\nCommercial ship construction\n(89)\nU.S. Navy ship engineering, repair and other services\n(80)\nTotal increase\n$\n547\u00a0\nRevenue from U.S. Navy ship construction was up across our shipyards in 2021 due to increased volume on the Columbia-class submarine program, the John Lewis-class (T-AO-205) fleet replenishment oiler program and the Arleigh Burke-class (DDG-51) destroyer program. These increases were offset partially by delivery of our last commercial containership in backlog in 2020 and lower volume on the Columbia-class design contract. Overall, the Marine Systems segment\u2019s operating margin decreased 30 basis points in 2021, reflecting the shift in mix to early work on new submarine programs with typical lower initial profit rates.\n2022 Outlook\nWe expect the Marine Systems segment\u2019s 2022 revenue to be approximately $10.8 billion. Operating margin is expected to be approximately 8.6% as each shipyard continues to come down the learning curve on their major construction programs.\nCOMBAT SYSTEMS\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\nVariance\nRevenue\n$\n7,351\u00a0\n$\n7,223\u00a0\n$\n128\u00a0\n1.8\u00a0\n%\nOperating earnings \n1,067\u00a0\n1,041\u00a0\n26\u00a0\n2.5\u00a0\n%\nOperating margin\n14.5\u00a0\n%\n14.4\u00a0\n%\nOperating Results\nThe increase in the Combat Systems segment\u2019s revenue in 2021 consisted of the following:\nInternational military vehicles\n$\n100\u00a0\nWeapons systems and munitions\n15\u00a0\nU.S. military vehicles\n13\u00a0\nTotal increase\n$\n128\u00a0\nRevenue was up in the Combat Systems segment in 2021 due to higher volume on international wheeled vehicle programs, including contracts to produce armored combat support vehicles (ACSVs) and light armored vehicles (LAVs) for the Canadian government and a variety of wheeled and tactical vehicles for a number of European customers. Volume was also up on U.S. Stryker wheeled combat vehicles, particularly in support of the maneuver short-range air defense (M-SHORAD) variant. The Combat Systems segment\u2019s operating margin increased 10 basis points compared with 2020 driven by favorable contract mix and strong operating performance.\n35\n2022 Outlook\nWe expect the Combat Systems segment\u2019s 2022 revenue to be between $7.15 and $7.25 billion with operating margin of approximately 14.5%.\nTECHNOLOGIES\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\nVariance\nRevenue\n$\n12,457\u00a0\n$\n12,648\u00a0\n$\n(191)\n(1.5)\n%\nOperating earnings \n1,275\u00a0\n1,211\u00a0\n64\u00a0\n5.3\u00a0\n%\nOperating margin\n10.2\u00a0\n%\n9.6\u00a0\n%\nOperating Results\nThe change in the Technologies segment\u2019s revenue in 2021 consisted of the following:\nC5ISR* solutions\n$\n(368)\nIT services\n177\u00a0\nTotal decrease\n$\n(191)\n*\nCommand, control, communications, computers, cyber, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance\nC5ISR solutions revenue decreased due to timing on several international programs, and supply chain shortages and impacts to U.S. government acquisition cycles resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The decrease in C5ISR solutions revenue was also due to approximately $115 of revenue in 2020 from a satellite communications business that was sold in the second quarter of that year. These decreases were offset partially by increased IT services revenue due to the ramp up of several new programs and higher volume on existing programs due to the reopening of, and increased access to, customer sites following limitations imposed in 2020 due to the pandemic. \nThe Technologies segment\u2019s operating margin increased 60 basis points compared with 2020 due to favorable contract mix and reduced COVID-related impacts in our IT services business, particularly customer reimbursement of idle workforce cost at zero fee in 2020 and early 2021. Additionally, operating results in 2020 included an approximate $40 loss on a contract with a non-U.S. customer from schedule delays caused by COVID-related travel restrictions, offset partially by a gain on the sale of the satellite communications business.\n2022 Outlook\nWe expect the Technologies segment\u2019s 2022 revenue to be between $12.8 and $13 billion with operating margin of around 10%.\nCORPORATE\nCorporate operating results totaled $84 in 2021 and $56 in 2020 and consisted primarily of equity-based compensation expense. Corporate operating costs are expected to be approximately $110 in 2022, driven by accelerated recognition of stock option expense.\n36\nOTHER INFORMATION\nPRODUCT AND SERVICE REVENUE AND OPERATING COSTS\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\nVariance\nRevenue:\nProducts\n$\n22,428\u00a0\n$\n22,188\u00a0\n$\n240\u00a0\n1.1\u00a0\n%\nServices\n16,041\u00a0\n15,737\u00a0\n304\u00a0\n1.9\u00a0\n%\nOperating Costs:\nProducts\n$\n(18,524)\n$\n(18,192)\n$\n(332)\n1.8\u00a0\n%\nServices\n(13,537)\n(13,408)\n(129)\n1.0\u00a0\n%\nThe increase in product revenue in 2021 consisted of the following:\nShip construction \n$\n627\u00a0\nAircraft manufacturing \n(251)\nC5ISR solutions divestiture in 2020\n(115)\nOther, net\n(21)\nTotal increase\n$\n240\u00a0\nShip construction revenue increased driven by higher U.S. Navy ship construction volume across our shipyards. This increase was offset partially by lower aircraft manufacturing revenue due to fewer aircraft deliveries and revenue in 2020 from a satellite communications business that was sold in the second quarter of that year. In 2021, the primary drivers of the changes in product operating costs were the changes in volume described above.\nThe increase in service revenue in 2021 consisted of the following:\nAircraft services\n$\n311\u00a0\nIT services\n177\u00a0\nOther, net\n(184)\nTotal increase\n$\n304\u00a0\nServices revenue increased due to higher aircraft services revenue driven by additional maintenance work and FBO activity, and the ramp up of several new IT services programs and higher volume on existing programs. In 2021, the primary drivers of the changes in service operating costs were the changes in volume described above. \nG&A EXPENSES\nAs a percentage of revenue, G&A expenses were 5.8% in 2021 and 2020. We expect G&A expenses as a percentage of revenue in 2022 to be generally consistent with 2021.\nOTHER, NET\nNet other income was $134 in 2021 and $82 in 2020 and represents primarily the non-service components of pension and other post-retirement benefits. In 2022, we expect net other income to be approximately $170, reflecting continued growth in income from the non-service components of pension and other post-retirement benefits.\n37\nINTEREST, NET\nNet interest expense was $424 in 2021 and $477 in 2020. See Note K to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information regarding our debt obligations, including interest rates. We expect 2022 net interest expense to be approximately $380, reflecting repayment of our scheduled debt maturities in 2021.\nPROVISION FOR INCOME TAX, NET\nOur effective tax rate was 15.9% in 2021 and 15.3% in 2020. For further discussion, including a reconciliation of our effective tax rate from the statutory federal rate, see Note D to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. For 2022, we anticipate a full-year effective tax rate of approximately 16%.\nBACKLOG AND ESTIMATED POTENTIAL CONTRACT VALUE\nOur total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was $87.6\u00a0billion on December\u00a031, 2021. Our total backlog is equal to our remaining performance obligations under contracts with customers as discussed in Note B to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Our total estimated contract value, which combines total backlog with estimated potential contract value, was $127.5 billion on December\u00a031, 2021.\nThe following table details the backlog and estimated potential contract value of each segment at the end of 2021 and 2020:\nFunded\nUnfunded\nTotal Backlog\nEstimated Potential Contract Value\nTotal \nEstimated Contract Value\nDecember 31, 2021\nAerospace\n$\n15,878\u00a0\n$\n415\u00a0\n$\n16,293\u00a0\n$\n1,657\u00a0\n$\n17,950\u00a0\nMarine Systems\n23,678\u00a0\n21,177\u00a0\n44,855\u00a0\n4,271\u00a0\n49,126\u00a0\nCombat Systems\n12,584\u00a0\n509\u00a0\n13,093\u00a0\n6,936\u00a0\n20,029\u00a0\nTechnologies\n9,005\u00a0\n4,348\u00a0\n13,353\u00a0\n26,997\u00a0\n40,350\u00a0\nTotal\n$\n61,145\u00a0\n$\n26,449\u00a0\n$\n87,594\u00a0\n$\n39,861\u00a0\n$\n127,455\u00a0\nDecember 31, 2020\nAerospace\n$\n11,308\u00a0\n$\n318\u00a0\n$\n11,626\u00a0\n$\n2,800\u00a0\n$\n14,426\u00a0\nMarine Systems\n23,646\u00a0\n26,336\u00a0\n49,982\u00a0\n4,876\u00a0\n54,858\u00a0\nCombat Systems\n14,341\u00a0\n226\u00a0\n14,567\u00a0\n9,774\u00a0\n24,341\u00a0\nTechnologies\n9,488\u00a0\n3,826\u00a0\n13,314\u00a0\n27,727\u00a0\n41,041\u00a0\nTotal\n$\n58,783\u00a0\n$\n30,706\u00a0\n$\n89,489\u00a0\n$\n45,177\u00a0\n$\n134,666\u00a0\nFor additional information about our major products and services in backlog see the Business discussion contained in Item 1.\nAEROSPACE\nAerospace funded backlog represents new aircraft and custom completion orders for which we have definitive purchase contracts and deposits from customers. Unfunded backlog consists of agreements to \n38\nprovide future aircraft maintenance and support services. The Aerospace segment ended 2021 with backlog of $16.3 billion, up 40% from $11.6 billion at year-end 2020. \nReflecting strong demand across our aircraft portfolio, orders in 2021 were the highest in more than a decade. The segment\u2019s book-to-bill ratio (orders divided by revenue) was 1.6-to-1 in 2021. Our December\u00a031, 2021, backlog included orders for the new G400 and G800 aircraft, which are scheduled to enter service in 2025 and 2023, respectively. \nBeyond total backlog, estimated potential contract value represents primarily options and other agreements with existing customers to purchase new aircraft and long-term aircraft services agreements. On December\u00a031, 2021, estimated potential contract value in the Aerospace segment was $1.7 billion. \nDemand for Gulfstream aircraft remains strong across customer types and geographic regions, generating orders from public and privately held companies, individuals, and governments around the world. Geographically, U.S. customers represented approximately 70% of the segment\u2019s orders in 2021 and 57% of the segment\u2019s backlog on December\u00a031, 2021, demonstrating continued strong domestic demand.\nThe following represents Gulfstream aircraft (in units) in backlog by region on December\u00a031, 2021:\nDEFENSE SEGMENTS\nThe total backlog in our defense segments represents the estimated remaining sales value of work to be performed under firm contracts. The funded portion of total backlog includes items that have been authorized and appropriated by the U.S. Congress and funded by customers, as well as commitments by international customers that are approved and funded similarly by their governments. The unfunded portion of total backlog includes the amounts we believe are likely to be funded, but there is no guarantee that future budgets and appropriations will provide the same funding level currently anticipated for a given program.\nEstimated potential contract value in our defense segments includes unexercised options associated with existing firm contracts and unfunded work on indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) \n39\ncontracts. Contract options represent agreements to perform additional work under existing contracts at the election of the customer. We recognize options in backlog when the customer exercises the option and establishes a firm order. For IDIQ contracts, we evaluate the amount of funding we expect to receive and include this amount in our estimated potential contract value. This amount is often less than the total IDIQ contract value, particularly when the contract has multiple awardees. The actual amount of funding received in the future may be higher or lower than our estimate of potential contract value.\nTotal backlog in our defense segments was $71.3 billion on December\u00a031, 2021, compared with $77.9 billion at year-end 2020, due primarily to continued performance on significant multi-year contracts in the Marine Systems segment. The Technologies segment achieved a book-to-bill ratio of 1-to-1 in 2021. Estimated potential contract value in our defense segments was $38.2 billion on December\u00a031, 2021, compared with $42.4 billion at year-end 2020. \nMARINE SYSTEMS\nThe Marine Systems segment\u2019s backlog consists of very long-term submarine and surface ship construction programs, as well as numerous engineering and repair contracts. The segment\u2019s backlog and estimated potential contract value were down compared with year-end 2020 due to continued performance on significant multi-year contracts. \nWe received the following significant contract awards in the Marine Systems segment during 2021:\n\u2022\n$1.9 billion from the Navy for the construction of a tenth submarine in Block V of the Virginia-class submarine program.\n\u2022\n$1.4 billion from the Navy to provide ongoing lead yard services for the Virginia-class and Columbia-class submarine programs.\n\u2022\n$385 from the Navy for advanced nuclear plant studies (ANPS) in support of the Columbia-class submarine program.\n\u2022\n$355 from the Navy to provide maintenance and repair services for the DDG-51 destroyer, San Antonio-class amphibious transport dock, Ticonderoga-class guided-missile cruiser, Whidbey Island-class dock landing ship, Los Angeles-class submarine and Nimitz-class aircraft carrier programs.\n\u2022\n$140 from the Navy to provide ongoing planning and lead yard services for the DDG-51 destroyer program.\n40\nThe following represents the Marine Systems segment\u2019s total estimated contract value by major program on December\u00a031, 2021:\nCOMBAT SYSTEMS\nThe Combat Systems segment\u2019s backlog consists of a mix of U.S. and international combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions programs. The vehicle programs are generally long-term, franchise programs, while the weapons systems and munitions programs tend to be shorter-term in nature. The segment\u2019s backlog and estimated potential contract value were down compared with year-end 2020 due to continued performance on significant multi-year contracts.\nWe received the following significant contract awards in the Combat Systems segment during 2021:\n\u2022\n$845 from the U.S. Army for Stryker vehicle upgrades, inventory management and support services.\n\u2022\n$665 for various munitions, ordnance and missile subcomponents.\n\u2022\n$555 to produce Piranha 5 wheeled armored vehicles and provide associated support services to the Romanian Armed Forces.\n\u2022\n$435 from the Army to produce Stryker M-SHORAD vehicles.\n\u2022\n$360 from the Army for Abrams main battle tank upgrades, mission control units and systems technical support.\n\u2022\n$305 for the production of an M1A2 Abrams tank variant for an international customer.\n\u2022\n$175 from the Army for the production of Hydra-70 rockets.\n41\nThe following represents the Combat Systems segment\u2019s total estimated contract value by market on December\u00a031, 2021:\nTECHNOLOGIES\nThe Technologies segment\u2019s backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders across a mix of U.S. and non-U.S. government and commercial customers. These contracts can be shorter-cycle or span multiple years, but commonly include a small, initially funded order. Therefore, our estimated potential contract value of $27 billion is an important indicator of future orders and revenue. In 2021, approximately 60% of the segment\u2019s orders were from additional work on IDIQ contracts or the exercise of options. Our total estimated contract value decreased slightly in 2021 driven by impacts to customer acquisition cycles resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.\nWe received the following significant contract awards in the Technologies segment during 2021:\n\u2022\nA contract to provide IT and technical support services to the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) under the Solutions for the Information Technology Enterprise (SITE) III program. The program has a maximum potential value of $12.6 billion among multiple awardees.\n\u2022\n$2.5 billion for several key contracts for classified customers and additional IDIQ awards with a maximum potential value of $4.2 billion among multiple awardees. \n\u2022\nAn IDIQ contract to provide ship, carrier, submarine and service craft modernization for the Navy. The program has a maximum potential value of $805 among multiple awardees.\n\u2022\n$355 to design, develop, implement and operate a state\u2019s healthcare exchange. The contract has a maximum potential value of $600.\n\u2022\n$35 for hardware, software and logistics sustainment support for the Army. The contract has a maximum potential value of $535.\n42\n\u2022\n$395 from the Army for computing and communications equipment under the Common Hardware Systems-5 (CHS-5) program.\n\u2022\n$285 from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) for several contracts, including work to provide cloud services and software tools.\nThe following represents the Technologies segment\u2019s total estimated contract value by customer on December\u00a031, 2021:\nLIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES\nWe place a strong emphasis on cash flow generation, which is underpinned by an operating discipline focused on cost control and working capital management. This emphasis gives us the flexibility for prudent capital deployment, while allowing us to step down debt over time, and preserves a strong balance sheet for future opportunities. \nWe evaluate a variety of capital deployment options based on current market conditions and our long-term outlook, and we believe agility is a key component of our capital deployment strategy as market conditions change over time. Our capital deployment priorities include investments in our products and services to drive long-term growth, a predictable dividend, strategic acquisitions and opportunistic share repurchases. \nWe believe cash generated by operating activities, supplemented by commercial paper issuances, is sufficient to satisfy our short- and long-term liquidity needs. An additional potential source of capital is the issuance of long-term debt in capital market transactions. \n43\nWe ended 2021 with a cash and equivalents balance of $1.6 billion compared with $2.8 billion at the end of 2020. The following is a discussion of our major operating, investing and financing activities in 2021 and 2020, as classified on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in Item 8:\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\nNet cash provided by operating activities\n$\n4,271\u00a0\n$\n3,858\u00a0\nNet cash used by investing activities\n(882)\n(974)\nNet cash used by financing activities\n(4,590)\n(903)\nOPERATING ACTIVITIES\nCash provided by operating activities was $4.3 billion in 2021\n \ncompared with\n \n$3.9 billion in 2020\n. \nThe primary driver of cash inflows in both years was net earnings. Cash flows in 2021 were affected positively by an increase in customer deposits driven by Gulfstream aircraft orders and the continued reduction in inventory from the sale of G500 flight-test aircraft in our Aerospace segment. Cash flows in 2020 were affected negatively by the change in customer deposits and inventory in our Aerospace segment due to our position in the development and production cycles of our Gulfstream aircraft models. \nINVESTING ACTIVITIES\nCash used by investing activities was $882 in 2021 and $974 in 2020. Our investing activities include cash paid for capital expenditures and business acquisitions; purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities; and proceeds from asset sales.\nCapital Expenditures.\n The primary use of cash for investing activities in both years was capital expenditures. Capital expenditures were $887 in 2021 and\n \n$967 in 2020. Capital expenditures have been at an elevated level the past two years as we continue to invest in our shipyards, particularly for the planned growth in submarine construction. Other capital expenditures include equipment and facility enhancements to support new and existing programs across our businesses. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately 2.5% of revenue in 2022.\nFINANCING ACTIVITIES\nCash used by financing activities was $4.6 billion in 2021 and $903 in 2020. Financing activities include the use of cash for repurchases of common stock, payment of dividends, and debt and commercial paper repayments. Our financing activities also include a source of cash from proceeds received from debt and commercial paper issuances and employee stock option exercises. \nDividends.\n On March\u00a03, 2021, our board of directors declared an increased quarterly dividend of $1.19 per share, the 24th consecutive annual increase. Previously, the board had increased the quarterly dividend to $1.10 per share in March 2020. Cash dividends paid were $1.3 billion in 2021 and $1.2 billion in 2020.\nShare Repurchases.\n Our board of directors from time to time authorizes management to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock on the open market. We paid $1.8 billion and $587 in 2021 and 2020, respectively, to repurchase our outstanding shares. On December\u00a031, 2021, 12.1\u00a0million shares remained authorized by our board of directors for repurchase, representing 4.3% of our total shares outstanding.\n44\nDebt Issuances and Repayments.\n In May 2021, we issued $1.5 billion of fixed-rate notes. The proceeds, together with cash on hand and commercial paper issuances, were used to repay fixed- and floating-rate notes totaling $2.5 billion that matured in May 2021 and for general corporate purposes. In July 2021, we repaid an additional $500 of fixed-rate notes at the scheduled maturity. Fixed-rate notes of $1 billion mature in November 2022, and we currently plan to repay these notes using cash on hand, potentially supplemented by commercial paper or other borrowings. For additional information regarding our debt obligations, including scheduled debt maturities and interest rates, see Note K to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.\nOn December\u00a031, 2021, we had no commercial paper outstanding, but we maintain the ability to access the commercial paper market in the future. Separately, we have $5 billion in committed bank credit facilities for general corporate purposes and working capital needs and to support our commercial paper issuances. We also have an effective shelf registration on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that allows us to access the debt markets.\nNON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES\nWe emphasize the efficient conversion of net earnings into cash and the deployment of that cash to maximize shareholder returns. As described below, we use free cash flow from operations and return on invested capital (ROIC) to measure our performance in these areas. While we believe these metrics provide useful information, they are not defined operating measures under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and there are limitations associated with their use. Our calculation of these metrics may not be completely comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in the method of calculation. As a result, the use of these metrics should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, other GAAP measures.\nFree Cash Flow.\n We define free cash flow from operations as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. We believe free cash flow from operations is a useful measure for investors because it portrays our ability to generate cash from our businesses for purposes such as repaying debt, funding business acquisitions, repurchasing our common stock and paying dividends. We use free cash flow from operations to assess the quality of our earnings and as a key performance measure in evaluating management. The following table reconciles the free cash flow from operations with net cash provided by operating activities, as classified on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in Item 8:\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\n2019\nNet cash provided by operating activities\n$\n4,271\u00a0\n$\n3,858\u00a0\n$\n2,981\u00a0\nCapital expenditures\n(887)\n(967)\n(987)\nFree cash flow from operations\n$\n3,384\u00a0\n$\n2,891\u00a0\n$\n1,994\u00a0\nCash flows as a percentage of net earnings:\nNet cash provided by operating activities\n131\u00a0\n%\n122\u00a0\n%\n86\u00a0\n%\nFree cash flow from operations\n104\u00a0\n%\n91\u00a0\n%\n57\u00a0\n%\nReturn on Invested Capital.\n We believe ROIC is a useful measure for investors because it reflects our ability to generate returns from the capital we have deployed in our operations. We use ROIC to evaluate investment decisions and as a performance measure in evaluating management. We define ROIC as net operating profit after taxes divided by average invested capital. Net operating profit after taxes is defined as net earnings plus after-tax interest and amortization expense, calculated using the \n45\nstatutory federal income tax rate. Average invested capital is defined as the sum of the average debt and average shareholders\u2019 equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss. Average debt and average shareholders\u2019 equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss are calculated using the respective balances at the end of the preceding year and the respective balances at the end of each of the four quarters of the year presented. ROIC excludes goodwill impairments and non-economic accounting changes as they are not reflective of company performance.\nROIC is calculated as follows:\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\n2020\n2019\nNet earnings\n$\n3,257\u00a0\n$\n3,167\u00a0\n$\n3,484\u00a0\nAfter-tax interest expense\n340\u00a0\n386\u00a0\n373\u00a0\nAfter-tax amortization expense\n254\u00a0\n280\u00a0\n287\u00a0\nNet operating profit after taxes\n$\n3,851\u00a0\n$\n3,833\u00a0\n$\n4,144\u00a0\nAverage invested capital\n$\n32,270\u00a0\n$\n32,431\u00a0\n$\n29,620\u00a0\nReturn on invested capital\n11.9\u00a0\n%\n11.8\u00a0\n%\n14.0\u00a0\n%\nCASH REQUIREMENTS\nThe following is a discussion of how we expect to meet the future cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations. \nThe majority of our revenue is derived from long-term contracts and programs that can span several years. We similarly enter into long-term agreements with suppliers and subcontractors for goods and services in support of these contracts and programs with payment terms that are generally aligned with the payment terms from our customers. In some instances, we require advance payments or deposits from our customers, which help fund our purchase commitments and reduce the risk of customer performance.\nAdditionally, we have significant liabilities under our defined benefit retirement plans. As these liabilities are settled using plan assets, our future cash requirements associated with these liabilities are generally limited to the annual cash contributions to these plans required in accordance with Internal Revenue Service (IRS) regulations. See Note S to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information. \nOther obligations, such as scheduled principal and interest payments on our fixed-rate notes, and scheduled payments in accordance with our lease agreements are expected to be satisfied using cash generated from operations. See Notes J and K to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information.\nADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION\nAPPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on the Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent \n46\nassets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We employ judgment in making our estimates, but they are based on historical experience, currently available information and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe our judgment is applied consistently and produces financial information that fairly depicts our results of operations for all periods presented. \nIn our opinion, the following policies are critical and require the use of significant judgment in their application:\nRevenue. \nA performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account for revenue. A contract\u2019s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation within that contract and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. Our performance obligations are satisfied over time as work progresses or at a point in time.\nSubstantially all of our revenue in the defense segments is recognized over time, because control is transferred continuously to our customers. Typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. Incurred cost represents work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. Contract costs include labor, material, overhead and, when appropriate, G&A expenses.\nMost of our revenue recognized at a point in time is for the manufacture of business jet aircraft in our Aerospace segment. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when the customer obtains control of the asset, which is generally upon delivery and acceptance by the customer of the fully outfitted aircraft.\nThe majority of our revenue is derived from long-term contracts and programs that can span several years. Accounting for long-term contracts and programs involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. For long-term contracts, we estimate the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and expected costs to complete a contract and recognize that profit over the life of the contract.\nContract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that often span several years. These assumptions include labor productivity and availability; the complexity of the work to be performed; the cost and availability of materials; the performance of subcontractors; and the availability and timing of funding from the customer.\nThe nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including claims, award fees and incentive fees. We include in our contract estimates additional revenue for submitted contract modifications or claims against the customer when we believe we have an enforceable right to the modification or claim, the amount can be estimated reliably and its realization is probable. In evaluating these criteria, we consider the contractual/legal basis for the claim, the cause of any additional costs incurred, the reasonableness of those costs and the objective evidence available to support the claim. We include award fees or incentive fees in the estimated transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the fee. These estimates are based on historical award experience, anticipated performance and our best judgment at the time.\nAs a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, we review and update our contract-related estimates regularly. We recognize adjustments in estimated profit on contracts under the cumulative catch-up method. Under this method, the impact of \n47\nthe adjustment on profit recorded to date on a contract is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. Revenue and profit in future periods of contract performance are recognized using the adjusted estimate.\n \nThe aggregate impact of adjustments in contract estimates increased our operating earnings (and diluted earnings per share) by $377 ($1.06) in 2021 and $283 ($0.78) in 2020. No adjustment on any one contract was material to the Consolidated Financial Statements in 2021 or 2020.\nConsistent with industry practice, we classify assets and liabilities related to long-term contracts as current, even though some of these amounts may not be realized within one year. The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables (contract assets), and customer advances and deposits (contract liabilities) on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. These assets and liabilities are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period.\nLong-lived Assets and Goodwill. \nWe review long-lived assets, including intangible assets subject to amortization, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of the carrying value of assets held for use based on a review of undiscounted projected cash flows. Impairment losses, where identified, are measured as the excess of the carrying value of the long-lived assets over the estimated fair value as determined by discounted cash flows.\nGoodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. We review goodwill for impairment annually at each of our reporting units or when circumstances indicate that the likelihood of an impairment is greater than 50%. Such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. Our reporting units are consistent with our operating segments in Note O to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. We use both qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill for impairment. When determining the approach to be used, we consider the current facts and circumstances of each reporting unit as well as the excess of each reporting unit\u2019s estimated fair value over its carrying value based on our most recent quantitative assessments. Our qualitative approach evaluates the business environment and various events impacting the reporting unit including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, changes in the business environment and reporting unit-specific events. If, based on the qualitative assessment, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, then a quantitative assessment is not necessary. However, if a quantitative assessment is determined to be necessary, we compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value and, if necessary, recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit\u2019s fair value. \nOur estimate of fair value is based primarily on the discounted cash flows of the underlying operations and requires the use of judgment by management. The process requires numerous assumptions, including the timing of work embedded in our backlog, our performance and profitability under our contracts, our success in securing future business, the appropriate risk-adjusted interest rate used to discount the projected cash flows, and terminal-value growth rates applied to the final year of projected cash flows. Due to the variables inherent in our estimates of fair value, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the result of our impairment analysis. To assess the reasonableness of our discounted cash flows, we compare the sum of our reporting units\u2019 fair value to our market capitalization. Additionally, we evaluate the reasonableness of each reporting unit\u2019s fair value by comparing the fair value to peer companies and recent relevant market transactions.\n48\nAs of December 31, 2021, we completed qualitative assessments for our reporting units as the estimated fair values of each of the reporting units significantly exceeded the respective carrying values based on our most recent quantitative assessments, which were performed as of December 31, 2018, for the Aerospace, Marine Systems and Combat Systems reporting units, and as of December 31, 2020, for the Technologies reporting unit. Our qualitative assessments, including consideration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, did not present indicators of impairment for the reporting units. \nCommitments and Contingencies. \nWe are subject to litigation and other legal proceedings arising either from the normal course of business or under provisions relating to the protection of the environment. Estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires the use of judgment. We record a charge against earnings when a liability associated with claims or pending or threatened litigation is probable and when our exposure is reasonably estimable. The ultimate resolution of our exposure related to these matters may change as further facts and circumstances become known.\nRetirement Plans. \nOur pension and other post-retirement benefit costs and obligations depend on several assumptions and estimates, which are based on our best judgment, including consideration of current and future market conditions. For a discussion of our assumptions and any changes to these assumptions, as well as the impact of these changes, which is reported as an actuarial gain or loss in the reconciliation of the change in the benefit obligation, see Note S to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. The key assumption is the interest rates used to discount estimated future pension benefits. We base the discount rates on a current yield curve developed from a portfolio of high-quality, fixed-income investments with maturities consistent with the projected benefit payout period. The effect of a 25-basis-point increase or decrease in the discount rate assumption on the December\u00a031, 2021, pension benefit obligation is ($509) and $536, respectively.\nAs described under Other Contract Costs in Note A to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, our contractual arrangements with the U.S. government provide for the recovery of benefit costs for our government retirement plans. We have elected to defer recognition of the benefit costs until such costs can be allocated to contracts. Therefore, the impact of annual changes in financial reporting assumptions on the retirement benefit cost for these plans does not immediately affect our operating results.\nGUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION\nThe outstanding notes described in Note K to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, issued by General Dynamics Corporation (the parent), are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured, joint and several basis by several of the parent\u2019s 100%-owned subsidiaries (the guarantors). The guarantee of each guarantor ranks equally in right of payment with all other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness of such guarantor. A listing of the guarantors is included in an exhibit to this Form 10-K.\nBecause the parent is a holding company, its cash flow and ability to service its debt, including the outstanding notes, depends on the performance of its subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to distribute cash to the parent, whether by dividends, loans or otherwise. Holders of the outstanding notes have a direct claim only against the parent and the guarantors.\nUnder the relevant indenture, the guarantee of each guarantor is limited to the maximum amount that can be guaranteed without rendering the guarantee voidable under applicable laws relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally. Each \n49\nindenture also provides that, in the event (1) of a merger, consolidation or sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a guarantor (other than a transaction with the parent or any of its subsidiaries) or (2) there occurs a transfer, sale or other disposition of the voting stock of a guarantor so that the guarantor is no longer a subsidiary of the parent, then the guarantor or the entity acquiring the assets (in the event of the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a guarantor) will be released and relieved of any obligations under the guarantee.\nThe following summarized financial information presents the parent and guarantors (collectively, the combined obligor group) on a combined basis. The summarized financial information of the combined obligor group excludes net investment in and earnings of subsidiaries related to interests held by the combined obligor group in subsidiaries that are not guarantors of the notes.\nSTATEMENT OF EARNINGS INFORMATION\nYear Ended December 31\n2021\nRevenue\n$\n13,444\u00a0\nOperating costs and expenses, excluding G&A\n(11,604)\nNet earnings\n687\u00a0\nBALANCE SHEET INFORMATION\nDecember 31, 2021\nDecember 31, 2020\nCash and equivalents\n$\n925\u00a0\n$\n1,952\u00a0\nOther current assets\n3,149\u00a0\n2,894\u00a0\nNoncurrent assets\n3,597\u00a0\n3,082\u00a0\nTotal assets\n$\n7,671\u00a0\n$\n7,928\u00a0\nShort-term debt and current portion of long-term debt\n$\n999\u00a0\n$\n2,998\u00a0\nOther current liabilities\n3,190\u00a0\n2,944\u00a0\nLong-term debt\n10,424\u00a0\n9,922\u00a0\nOther noncurrent liabilities\n3,844\u00a0\n5,645\u00a0\nTotal liabilities\n$\n18,457\u00a0\n$\n21,509\u00a0\nThe summarized balance sheet information presented above includes the funded status of the company\u2019s primary qualified U.S. government pension plans as the parent has the ultimate obligation for the plans.\n50", "item7a": ">ITEM\u00a07A.\n QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK\nWe are exposed to market risk, primarily from foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and investments. See Note Q to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a discussion of commodity price risk. The following quantifies the market risk exposure arising from hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates.\nOn December\u00a031, 2021, we had notional forward exchange contracts outstanding of $6.8 billion. On December\u00a031, 2020, we had notional forward exchange and interest rate swap contracts outstanding of $9.4 billion. A 10% unfavorable rate movement in our portfolio of forward exchange and interest rate swap contracts would have resulted in the following hypothetical, incremental pretax (losses) gains:\n(Dollars in millions)\n2021\n2020\nRecognized\n$\n(1)\n$\n44\u00a0\nUnrecognized\n(196)\n(344)\nForeign Currency Risk. \nOur exchange-rate sensitivity relates primarily to changes in the Canadian dollar, euro and Swiss franc exchange rates. These losses and gains would be offset by corresponding gains and losses in the remeasurement of the underlying transactions being hedged. We believe these foreign currency forward exchange contracts and the offsetting underlying commitments, when taken together, do not create material market risk.\nInterest Rate Risk.\n On December\u00a031, 2021, we had $11.5 billion principal amount of fixed-rate debt. Our fixed-rate debt obligations are not putable, and we do not trade these securities in the market. A 10% unfavorable interest rate movement would not have a material impact on the fair value of our fixed-rate debt.\nInvestment Risk.\n \nOur investment policy allows for purchases of fixed-income securities with an investment-grade rating and a maximum maturity of up to\n five years. On December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, we held $1.6 billion and $2.8 billion in cash and equivalents, respectively, but held no marketable securities other than those held in trust to meet some of our obligations under workers\u2019 compensation and non-qualified pension plans. On December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, we held marketable securities in trust of $191 and $211, respectively. These marketable securities are reflected at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in other current and noncurrent assets.\n51", "companyName": "General Dynamics Cor", "cusip": "369604103"}