{"item1": ">Item 1. Business.\nGeneral\nGlobal Industrial Company, through its operating subsidiaries, is a value-added industrial distributor of more than a million industrial and maintenance, repair and operation (\"MRO\") products in North America going to market through a system of branded e-commerce websites and relationship marketers. The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1995.  Certain predecessor businesses which now constitute the Company's operations have been in business since 1949.  Our headquarters office is located at 11 Harbor Park Drive, Port Washington, New York.\nContinuing operations\nThe Company offers more than one million industrial and MRO products, including its own Global Industrial exclusive brands, which are marketed in North America.  These industrial and MRO products are manufactured by other companies.  Some products are manufactured for us as a white label product and some are manufactured to our own design: these products are marketed as private brand under the trademarks: \nGlobal\u2122, GlobalIndustrial.com\u2122, Nexel\u2122 Paramount\u2122 and Interion\u2122. \nSee Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K for additional financial information about our business as well as information about our geographic operations.\n \nAccelerating the Customer Experience\nThe Company's multi-year business strategy is focused on Accelerating our Customers Experience (\u201cACE\u201d).\n \nThe ACE initiative, which guides our actions across the business, and specifically in our customer end-to-end purchase, service, and delivery experience, has at its core building of customer loyalty and trust by addressing unique customer needs through a responsive and tailored sales, product, and service experience. We build customer loyalty and trust through personalized and high touch customer interactions that often feature strong one to one relationships. The Company's digital and multi-channel sales model drives customer acquisition and with rigorous vetting we are able to identify opportunities for product category expansion, particularly private brand products. Category expansion with our customers drives repeat orders and increases their annual and average spend. We maximize customer satisfaction and loyalty by coupling close customer relationships with product expertise, efficient and competitive fulfillment and delivery and exceptional customer service. \nWE CAN SUPPLY THAT\n\u00ae\nProducts\nOur broad product offering and focus on responsiveness to our customers is captured in our promise \u201c\nWe Can Supply That\n\u00ae\u201d. We offer our customers a competitive assortment of leading products and services, a sales force with deep product knowledge and expertise, and timely and relative industry and product content via \nThe Knowledge Center\n. Our go to market strategy also focuses on leveraging our deep product knowledge and experience by seeking to expand our higher margin private brand line of Global products by adding additional products and product categories. We have over one million brand name and private brand products available through our e-commerce sites and have access to over 1.7 million products in our database.  We endeavor to expand and keep current the breadth of our product offerings to fulfill the increasingly wide range of product needs of our customers, and periodically remove certain products from our offering to improve efficiencies or to address vendor or market changes. Sourcing hard to find or non-standard product helps to differentiate our business from our competitors and we believe provides us with a competitive advantage.  \nThe Company has focused on offering competitive pricing, high service levels, broad and deep product offering, extensive product and sales expertise, and most importantly a private brand offering that provides high quality with an attractive price point.  Products generally are categorized within the following categories: storage and shelving, safety and security, carts and trucks, HVAC and fans, furniture and decor, material handling, janitorial and facility maintenance, workbenches and shop desks, tools and instruments, plumbing and pumps, office and school supplies, packaging and shipping, lighting and electrical, food service and retail, medical and laboratory, motors and power transmission, building supplies, machining, fasteners and hardware, vehicle maintenance, and raw materials. We have become a destination and trusted supplier of these products and continue to evaluate expansion within key end markets. \n5\nSales and Marketing\nWe market our products primarily to business customers, which include for-profit businesses, state, local, and private educational organizations and government entities including federal, state, and local municipalities.  We have an established multi-faceted direct marketing system and customer life cycle marketing program which tends to begin with customer acquisition via keyword or branding search, supported by strategic account managers, leading e-commerce and account management tools, and deep pre and post sales product expertise which are intended to drive customer retention and penetration and to maximize sales.  We continuously evaluate and adjust our marketing spend as well as the organization of our selling resources in order to best service our existing customers, as well as to optimize customer acquisition. \nRelationship Marketers\nOur relationship marketers focus their efforts on our business customers by establishing a personal relationship between such customers and a Global Industrial account manager.  Our sales force is made up of wide range of broad based and specialized account managers including dedicated Public Sector Account Managers focusing on government, education, and other municipal customers, Commercial Account Managers focusing on business customers generally organized by end market or geography and Strategic Account Managers focusing on our most complex enterprise accounts.  The sales force is supported by Business Development Representatives, Territory Sales Managers, and other Subject Matter Experts who support the end to end customer life cycle management.  The goal of the relationship marketing sales force is to increase the purchasing productivity of current customers and to actively solicit newly targeted prospects to become customers.  With access to the records we maintain, our relationship marketers are prompted with product suggestions to expand customer order values.  We also have the ability to provide such customers with electronic data interchange (\u201cEDI\u201d) ordering and customized billing services, customer savings reports and stocking of specialty items specifically requested by these customers.  Our relationship marketers\u2019 efforts are supported by e-mail campaigns and periodic catalog mailings, both of which are designed to generate inbound telephone sales, and visits to our interactive websites, which allow customers to purchase products directly online.  We believe that the integration of our multiple marketing methods enables us to more thoroughly penetrate our business, educational and government customer base.  We believe increased internet exposure leads to more internet-related sales and also generates more inbound telephone sales; just as we believe email campaigns, and to a lesser extent catalog mailings,\u00a0which feature our websites results in greater internet-related sales.\nE-commerce\nWe currently operate multiple e-commerce sites, including:\n\u00a0\nwww.globalindustrial.com\nwww.globalindustrial.ca\nwww.industrialsupplies.com\n\u00a0\nWe are continually upgrading the capabilities and performance of these websites in our significant markets. In 2020 we enhanced our website for full ADA/508 compliance, expanded customer self service functions such as SMS notifications, added proactive notifications through Global Assist (order tracking on the web) and added the ability to create quotes and product reviews. In addition we have upgraded the look and functionality of our mobile site.  In 2021, we launched a new search engine as well as reorganizing the full category hierarchy and taxonomy of our product offering in an effort to drive improved search, conversion rates, and overall user experience.\nOur internet sites feature over one million MRO and industrial and general business supplies.  Our customers have around-the-clock, online access to purchase products and we have the ability to create targeted promotions for our customers\u2019 interests.  \nIn addition to our own e-commerce websites, we have partnering agreements with several of the largest internet shopping and search engine providers who feature our products on their websites or provide \u201cclick-throughs\u201d from their sites directly to ours.  These arrangements allow us to expand our customer base at an economical cost.\nSignature Campaigns\nWe have realigned our marketing efforts, seasonal product offering, and go to market strategy around enterprise wide strategic marketing campaigns.  In 2020, this began with the \nRestore, Return and Rebound\n signature\n \ncampaign addressing customer needs for returning to operations post pandemic and then followed with a  \nReady, Set, Vaccinate\n campaign introduced to assist \n6\nhospitals and other health agency customers prepare for administering vaccines to the public. We continued these campaigns into 2021 with our \nWe Got This \ncampaign which is aimed at helping our customers navigate the recent supply chain disruptions that have made sourcing key products more challenging.\nCatalogs\nAs the Company increased its focus on online and e-commerce advertising, marketing and sales activities over the years, its use of hard copy catalogs decreased as compared to earlier periods, but over the last several years, it has distributed a stable number of  regular and specialty catalogs, postcards, and other physical mail and anticipates continuing to do so in the near term.\nCustomer Service, Order Fulfillment and Support\nSince 2019 we have launched several initiatives with our vendors and freight partners, and in our own distribution centers, to improve our customer\u2019s experience such as our Voice of the Customer initiative, involving phone and online surveys to obtain our customer\u2019s input on their experiences with us and our products to ensure we deliver on the promise, to better focus our sales, service and marketing efforts on our customers' needs and to target areas of improvement to enhance the overall customer experience. These efforts continued through 2021, and we further added additional improvements to the experience including offering 24x7 chat supported by both AI chatbots and live chats with our associates.\nA growing proportion of our orders are received electronically via internet, extranet, EDI, customer punch out catalog, online chat, or through broadly utilizing vendor and customer portals such as Ariba or Coupa.  These E-orders represented over 56% of our transaction count for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to over 48% for the year ended December 31, 2019, the last year prior to the pandemic.   The balance of our orders are received by telephone to our inbound call center, direct dial to our inside account management team, placement through one of our field sales representatives, and to a small extent via fax.  We generally provide toll-free telephone number access for our customers in countries where it is customary.  Certain domestic call centers are linked to provide telephone backup in the event of a disruption in phone service.  \nThe Company utilizes a sourcing strategy encompassing sales of in stock items that are either national brands, private brand, or white label products as well as supplementing its stocking strategy with product fulfilled directly by our vendor partners via a drop ship relationship.  In stock items tend to be higher in velocity, higher in gross margin, and offer a higher service level to our customers.  In stock items are distributed via a network of five large distribution centers in the U.S. located in the Northeast, Midwest, West, Southeast and South Central regions and two additional smaller distribution facilities in Canada. Product deliveries to our customers are made through a nationwide network of common carriers that we contract with directly in order to establish and maintain high service levels and enhance operational efficiencies.  We tend to stock items in our distribution center, and invest the requisite working capital in inventory position, after demonstrating sales volume success in the drop ship sales of that item effected through our suppliers.  Orders are generally shipped by third-party delivery services and\u00a0we maintain relationships with thousands of distributors and product vendors in the United States and Canada.  \nWe maintain a database of commonly asked questions for our technical support representatives, enabling them to respond quickly to similar questions.  We conduct regular on-site training seminars for our sales representatives to help ensure that they are well trained and informed regarding our latest product offerings.  \nSuppliers\nWe purchase substantially all of our products and components directly from both large and small manufacturers as well as large wholesale distributors.  No supplier accounted for 10% or more of our product purchases in 2021, 2020 and 2019.  Most private brand products are manufactured by third parties to our specifications.  \nCompetition and Other Market Factors\nIndustrial Products\nThe market for the sale of industrial products in North America is highly fragmented and is characterized by multiple distribution channels such as small dealerships, direct mail distribution, internet-based resellers, large warehouse stores and retail outlets.  We face competition from large diversified MRO distributors such as Uline Inc, Grainger Inc., MSC Industrial Direct Inc., Fastenal Inc., and other large retailers, including Amazon.  We also face competition from manufacturers\u2019 own sales representatives, who sell industrial equipment directly to customers, and from regional or local distributors.  Many purchasers begin sourcing products via search engine or mobile application on desktops, laptops, or mobile devices.  In the \n7\nindustrial products market, customer purchasing decisions are primarily based on price, product selection, product availability, level of service, access to open account terms, and convenience.  We believe that direct marketing via sales representatives, the internet and catalogs are effective and convenient distribution methods to reach both our core small and mid-sized customer as well as large enterprises.  Further we believe that our customer engagement approach allows for high levels of service to accounts that may purchase high volume capital or durable goods infrequently or that place many small orders for supplies and other consumables that require a wide selection of products.  In addition, because the industrial products market is highly fragmented and generally less brand oriented, we believe it is well suited to private brand and white label products.\nHuman Capital Resources\nAs of December 31, 2021, we employed a total of approximately 1,480 associates, of whom 1,310 were in North America and 170 were in Asia. Approximately 42% of our associates are customer facing including customer service, quota bearing sales representatives, inbound call center representatives, and other pre and post sales management and support.  Approximately 36% of our team members are employed within distribution, logistics, and fulfillment areas, while 22% of our associate base works within administrative functions including: IT, Marketing, Product Management, Human Resources, Accounting and Finance, Legal and Risk Management and general administrative and management roles.\nOur worldwide workforce is made up of a diverse group of associates. In our most recent U.S. EEO-1 data, the associate demographic breakdown for individuals reporting was 44% female and 56% male and minorities constituted 55% of our workforce. We believe our diversity of associates is one of the Company\u2019s considerable strengths and that our demographics are consistent with our competitors in the sales and distribution space. Our employees are not subject to collective bargaining agreements. The Company has not experienced work stoppages and we believe relationships with our employees are good.\nEnvironment, Health and Safety: Government Regulation\nEmployee health and safety is a top\n \npriority for the Company, and was a key factor in our safely navigating the pandemic thus far. As an essential business our distribution centers remained open during the pandemic and our office\n \nfacilities remained open in locations where social distancing and local regulations permitted. Safety protocols we established to keep our employees safe include:\n\u2022\nImplementing Covid-19 related controls to address social distancing, intense cleaning of common areas, and enhanced use of personal protective equipment.\n\u2022\nProviding face masks, gloves and sanitizing products for employees\u2019 use.\n\u2022\nLimiting all but essential travel for all employees.\n\u2022\nProviding paid time off for employees with suspected and confirmed Covid-19 illness and for contact tracing.\n\u2022\nProviding paid time off for employees to receive and recover from the vaccine.\n\u2022\nProviding incentive bonuses to encourage employees to become vaccinated.\n\u2022\nRestricting access to our facilities to essential visitor personnel.\n\u2022\nImplementing remote work and in office rotation policies to effect social distancing. \nOur safety teams and local safety committees provide oversight, training, education and compliance guidance, as well as workers compensation remediation advice, to our management teams and directly to our workforce. Our Environmental Health and Safety group is responsible for overseeing product safety and compliance programs and initiatives including compliance with various EPA, FDA and hazmat regulations that apply to certain of the products we offer.  \nUnder various national, state and local environmental laws and regulations in North America and Asia, a current or previous owner or operator (including the lessee) of real property may become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at such real property.  Such laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to fault.  We lease all of our facilities. In connection with such leases, we could be held liable for the costs of removal or remedial actions with respect to hazardous substances that escape into the environment. Although we have not been notified of, and are not otherwise aware of, any material real property environmental liability, claims or non-compliance, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to incur remediation or other costs in connection with real property environmental matters in the future.\n8\nSeasonality\nSeasonality does have some effect on the Company\u2019s sales.  Certain product lines are highly seasonal in nature, including HVAC products, snow removal products and outdoor furniture and equipment. In addition, certain customer segment buying cycles, including those of education and government, may tend to be more seasonal than others. Given these trends, financial results tend to vary quarter to quarter with sales and operating margin in the second and third quarters moderately higher than those in the first and fourth quarters respectively.\n9\nDiscontinued operations\nFor information regarding certain discontinued operations and former lines of business, see Item 7, \"Management's Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\" and Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K. \nAvailable Information\nWe maintain an internet website at www.investors.globalindustrial.com.  We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (\u201cSEC\u201d) and make available free of charge on or through this website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, including all amendments to those reports, as well as any other materials filed with (or furnished to) the SEC.  These are available as soon as is reasonably practicable after they are filed with the SEC.  All reports mentioned above are also available from the SEC\u2019s website (www.sec.gov).  The information on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC.  \nOur Board of Directors has adopted the following corporate governance documents with respect to the Company (the \u201cCorporate Governance Documents\u201d):\n\u2022\nCorporate Ethics Policy for officers, directors and employees\n\u2022\nCharter for the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors\n\u2022\nCharter for the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors\n\u2022\nCharter for the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors\n\u2022\nCorporate Governance Guidelines and Principles\nIn accordance with the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange, each of the Corporate Governance Documents is available on our Company website (www.investors.globalindustrial.com) under the heading \"Governance-Governance Documents\".", "item1a": ">Item 1A. Risk Factors.\nThere are a number of factors and variables described below that may affect our future results of operations and financial condition.  Other factors, of which we are currently not aware or that we currently deem immaterial, may also affect our results of operations and financial position.  \nRisks Related to the Economy and Our Industries\n\u2022\nGeneral economic conditions, including those that can result in decreased customer confidence and spending,could result in our failure to achieve our historical sales growth rates and profit levels. Pandemics, such as the global coronavirus outbreak have and threatens to continue to disrupt global supply chains, including those we rely on in China, which could materially adversely affect our operations.\nBoth we and our customers are subject to global political, economic and market conditions, including trade and tariff uncertainties, customer inventory levels in the marketplace, borrowing ability, economic conditions in the manufacturing and/or distribution industries, increases in inflation, interest rates, freight costs and energy costs, as well as the impact of natural disasters, military actions, wars, cyber attacks, the threat of terrorism and global pandemics or other health crises.  Our consolidated results of operations are directly affected by economic conditions in North America, and our supply chain for imported product is affected by conditions in Asia (particularly China). \nIn this regard, global supply chains and the timely availability of products, particularly products, or product components used in domestic manufacturing, imported from China and other Asian nations have been and could again be materially disrupted by quarantines, factory slowdowns or shutdowns, border closings, and travel restrictions resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic. These events have and may continue to result in imported products not being timely received and resultant delayed or lost sales. We depend to a significant extent on products imported from China for our private brand lines, and on domestic manufacturers who utilize components imported from Asia. While we have experienced lost sales due to the Covid-19 pandemic and are making efforts to secure satisfactory levels of inventory, certain of our vendors have indicated they continue to experience constrained supply and are deferring delivery dates, and there can be no assurance that our supply chain will not experience further disruptions significant enough to adversely affect our operations.\n10\nWe have in the past experienced a decline in sales as a result of poor economic conditions and the lack of visibility relating to future orders (as well as due to the other risks discussed below).  Our results of operations depend upon, among other things, our ability to maintain and increase sales volumes with existing customers, our ability to limit price reductions and manage price increases, our ability to manage freight and shipping costs and maintain our margins, our ability to attract new customers and increase our market share, and the financial condition of our customers.  A decline in the economy that adversely affects our customers, causing them to limit or defer their spending or that hampers their ability to pay for products would likely adversely affect our sales, prices and profitability as well.  We cannot predict with any certainty whether we will be able to maintain or improve upon historical sales volumes with existing customers, maintain or grow our historical margins, and whether we will be able to attract new customers.  \nIn response to economic and market conditions, from time to time we have undertaken initiatives to reduce our cost structure where appropriate, including workforce reductions.  However, these actions may not be sufficient to meet current and future changes in economic and market conditions and allow us to continue to achieve the growth rates and levels of profitability we experienced in the past.  \n\u2022\nGeopolitical instability outside of the U.S. may adversely impact the U.S. and global economies.\nMany economies have experienced, and continue to experience, geopolitical instability, financial turmoil, high unemployment, soaring inflation and interest rates, and a significant depreciation of their local currencies. Policies of advanced economies have a profound effect on emerging markets, and ramifications of any trade war involving an advanced economy, like of that between the U.S. and China, could further contribute to the adverse economic and political conditions of emerging and developed economies. \nWe source a substantial portion of our products from manufacturers that are located in China. This concentration exposes us to risks associated with doing business globally, including changes in tariffs. The Office of the United States Trade Representative previously identified certain Chinese imported goods for additional tariffs to address China\u2019s trade policies and practices. These tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Additionally, the current administration has canceled tariff exclusions that provided tariff relief to certain products and has yet to signal whether it will reinstate such exclusions or further alter existing trade agreements and terms between China and the U.S., including limiting trade with China, adjusting the current tariffs on imports from China and potentially imposing other restrictions on exports from China to the U.S. Consequently, it is possible that tariffs may be imposed on products imported from foreign countries, including China, or that our business will be affected by retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries in response to existing or future tariffs. This may cause us to raise prices or make changes to our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.\nIn addition, the recent Russian invasion of Ukraine and the response of the international community has given rise to potential global security issues that may adversely affect international business and economic conditions.\n \nThe short and long-term implications of the Russia-Ukraine conflict are difficult to predict at this time. The imposition of sanctions and counter sanctions may have an adverse effect on energy and economic markets generally and could result in an even greater impact related to global supply chain and energy prices. In addition, a prolonged war in Ukraine may have adverse impacts on cyber security, global supply chains, inflationary pressures and interest rates and engender volatility in commodities and other markets, any of which could negatively affect our business. The disruption to regional and global economies could have an enduring impact on regional and global economies, and consequently, a materially adverse impact on our operations and profitability.\n \nHowever, due to the highly uncertain and dynamic nature of these events, it is not currently possible to estimate with any reliable measure of certainty the impact of the Russia - Ukraine war on our business.\n \n\u2022\nAdverse weather events or natural disasters, as well as pandemics such as the coronavirus, could negatively affect or disrupt our operations.\n \nWe may be affected by global climate changes or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such potential change.\nCertain areas in which we operate are susceptible to severe weather events, such as hurricanes, winter storms, tornadoes and floods which can impact any of our locations as well as shipping ports and distribution centers. These events, as well as pandemics, have in the past and may in the future disrupt our locations and the supply chains dependent on such shipping ports and distribution centers. In this regard, we experienced product delivery and shipping delays due to the disrupted global product supply chains which affected our ability to timely receive and ship products, which could adversely impact sales.\n11\nOur ability to provide efficient distribution of core business products from our third-party drop ship distribution centers is critical to our business strategy.  Disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports, or the unavailability of employees needed by us or third parties to operate key functions at such locations, has and in the future may affect our ability to both maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, which may in turn adversely affect our results of operations.  We cannot predict whether or to what extent damage caused by these events will affect our operations or the economies in regions where we operate. These adverse events could result in disruption of our operations, our purchasing or distribution capabilities, interruption of our business that exceeds our insurance coverage, our inability to collect from customers and increased operating costs.  Our business or results of operations may be adversely affected by these and other negative effects of these events.\n\u2022\nThe imposition of tariffs and other trade barriers, as well as retaliatory trade measures, have caused us to raise the prices on certain of our products and seek alternate sources of supply, which could negatively impact our sales or disrupt our operations.  \nOur industry is subject to risks associated with U.S. and foreign laws relating to importing products, including quotas, duties, tariffs or taxes, as well as other charges or restrictions, which could adversely affect our ability to import products at desired cost or volume levels.  \nThe United States has enacted three sets of tariffs on a variety of foreign sourced goods which have impacted a number of the private brand products we source directly from China as well as third-party branded products our U.S. suppliers source from China. We strategically increased prices in an effort to offset the incremental costs on certain products and shift\u00a0certain products to alternative sources where available. Our use of alternate sources of supply, such as utilizing new vendors in additional countries, entails various risks, such as identifying, vetting and managing new business relationships, reliance on new vendors, maintaining quality control over their products, and protecting our intellectual property rights.\nThese tariffs have increased and will continue to increase our costs of procurement.  If the Company is able to adequately review its supply chain and monitor sell prices in the market, and successfully work with suppliers to mitigate costs, the Company does not expect any material impact on its business from the tariff actions and continues to believe that any impact from the tariffs currently in effect will be gradual and not material to the business, although there can be no assurance that this will be the case.\nThere can also be no assurance that we will be able to effectively or expeditiously mitigate these trade challenges, which could disrupt our operations, negatively impact our sales and would have a material adverse effect on our financial results.  However, we do not believe that we will be disproportionately impacted by these costs as compared to our competitors, and we will continue to evaluate marketplace conditions and implement other actions or strategies as the need arises.  \nFinally, we cannot predict whether additional U.S. and foreign customs quotas, duties (including anti-dumping or countervailing duties), tariffs, taxes or other charges or restrictions, requirements as to where raw materials must be purchased, additional workplace regulations or other restrictions on our imports will be imposed in the future and if so, what effect such actions would have on our costs of operations. \n\u2022\nThere is a highly competitive labor market for certain employees we hire, which can impact our growth plans.  \nMany of our competitors also compete with us for recruiting and retaining talented and experienced employees, particularly in markets where we and they have significant distribution facilities.  We have also experienced high levels of turnover in our warehouse/distribution operations, consistent with current market conditions.  This aspect of competition is aggravated by the current tight labor market in the U.S. for such jobs due to the continued impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic.  There can be no assurance the Company will be able to timely recruit, train and retain employees sufficient to support its growth strategies or will not have to incur increased compensation costs in order to do so.  Our results of operations have been and in the future could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. In the event of significant numbers of employees having to miss work due to a widespread health situation or pandemic such as the coronavirus, we may not be able to quickly source replacement or temporary workers, which could adversely affect our operations, particularly in our distribution centers.  \n\u2022\nOur industry is evolving and consolidating, which could adversely affect our business and financial results.  \nThe MRO and industrial equipment industry are consolidating as customers are increasingly aware of the total costs of fulfillment and of the need to have consistent sources of supply at multiple locations.  This consolidation has and will \n12\ncontinue to cause the industry to become more competitive as greater economies of scale are achieved by competitors, or as competitors with new lower cost business models are able to operate with lower prices.\n\u2022\nVolatility in commodity prices may adversely affect gross margins.  \nSome of our products contain significant amounts of commodity-priced materials, such as steel, copper, petroleum derivatives or rare earth minerals, and are subject to price changes based upon fluctuations in the commodities market.  Fluctuations in the price of fuel could affect transportation costs.  Our ability to pass on such increases in costs in a timely manner depends on market conditions.  The inability to pass along cost increases could result in lower gross margins.  In addition, higher prices could impact demand for these products, resulting in lower sales volumes. If commodity prices, including the price of oil, were to remain at elevated levels this could result in higher supply and transportation costs, which could have a material adverse affect on our business and results of operations. \n\u2022\nEvents such as acts of war or terrorism, natural disasters, data security breaches, changes in law, or large losses could adversely affect our insurance coverage and insurance expense, resulting in an adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition.  \nWe insure for certain property and casualty risks consisting primarily of physical loss to property, business interruptions resulting from property losses, worker\u2019s compensation, comprehensive general liability, and auto liability.  Insurance coverage is obtained for catastrophic property and casualty exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract.  Although we believe that our insurance coverage is reasonable, significant events such as acts of war and terrorism, economic conditions, data security breaches, judicial decisions, legislation, natural disasters and large losses could materially affect our insurance obligations and future expense.  Furthermore, the occurrence of an uninsured significant event could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.  \n\u2022\nEnvironmental Matters\nUnder various national, state and local environmental laws and regulations in North America, a current or previous owner or operator (including the lessee) of real property may become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substance at such real property.  Such laws and regulation often impose liability without regard to fault.  We lease all of our facilities.  In connection with such leases, we could be held liable for the costs of removal or remedial actions with respect to hazardous substances.  Although we have not been notified of, and are not otherwise aware of, any material real property environmental liability, claim or non-compliance, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to incur remediation or other costs in connection with real property environmental matters in the future. If such costs were to prove material, our operating results could be adversely affected.  \nRisks Related to Our Company and our Business\n\u2022\nOur ability to maintain capacity at and forecast the needs of our warehousing and distribution facilities can impact our business and results of operations.\nOur ability to maintain available capacity in our distribution operations for stocked inventory and to enable on time shipment and deliveries, such as by timely implementing additional distribution resources, whether in the form of expanded or additional temporary and permanent facilities we operate or by outsourcing certain functions to third-party distribution and logistics partners, is critical to our ability to service our growing business.  If we do not accurately forecast our future warehousing and distribution center needs, and then timely plan, fund on budget, launch and efficiently operate new distribution resources and facilities when needed, our operations and financial results could be materially adversely impacted.  In addition, expanding and/or enhancing our distribution network would have an adverse impact on operating expenses as a percentage of sales, inventory turnover, and working capital requirements in the periods prior to and for some time following the commencement of operations for each such expansion or enhancement. \n\u2022\nWe rely on third-party suppliers for most of our products and services.  The loss or interruption of these relationships could impact our sales volumes, the levels of inventory we must carry, and/or result in sales delays and/or higher inventory costs from new suppliers.  \nWe purchase a portion of our products from major distributors and directly from large manufacturers who may deliver those products directly to our customers (\u201cdrop ship\u201d), as well as from smaller more regional vendors.  These drop ship delivery relationships enable us to make available to our customers a wide selection of products without having to maintain \n13\nlarge amounts of inventory.  The termination or interruption of our relationships with any of these drop ship suppliers could materially adversely affect our business.  \nWe purchase a number of our products, particularly private brand and white label products, from vendors located outside of the United States.  Raw material costs used in our vendors\u2019 products (steel, tungsten, etc.) and energy costs have significantly increased and may continue to increase, which has resulted and may continue to result in increased production costs for our vendors, which they seek to pass along to us.  Difficulties encountered by one or several of these suppliers could halt or disrupt production and delay completion or cause the cancellation of our orders.  Delays or interruptions in the transportation network could result in loss or delay of timely receipt of product required to fulfill customer orders.  Our ability to find qualified vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. In this regard, in response to the tariffs imposed by the U.S. on goods imported from China, we are seeking alternative sources of supply, such as utilizing new vendors in additional countries, which entails various risks, such as identifying, vetting and managing new business relationships, reliance on these new vendors maintaining quality control over their products, and protecting our intellectual property rights.  \nPolitical or financial instability, merchandise quality issues, product safety concerns, trade restrictions, work stoppages, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, transportation capacity and costs, inflation, civil unrest, war or other conflicts, outbreaks of pandemics and other factors are beyond our control.  These and other issues affecting our vendors could materially adversely affect our revenue and gross profit.\nSee also the risk factor \n\"General economic conditions, including those that can result in decreased customer confidence and spending, could result in our failure to achieve our historical sales growth rates and profit levels\"\n above for a discussion regarding the risks posed by the spread of the coronavirus on our supply chain and general economic activity.  \n \n\u2022\nWe rely on third-party suppliers for shipping and delivery services and managing the logistics of a distribution business can impact our results of operations and margins.  \nWe face certain risks due to our reliance on common carrier delivery services for shipping inventoried merchandise to customers and our reliance on drop ship deliveries directly to customers by our product vendors for products we do not hold in inventory (such as freight cost  increases, timely delivery and customer service, delays due to work stoppages, etc.).  We also must effectively manage our ability to maintain available capacity in our distribution operations for stocked inventory and to enable on time shipment and deliveries, such as by timely implementing additional or alternative distribution resources, whether in the form of additional facilities we operate or by outsourcing certain functions to third-party distribution and logistics partners.  \nIncreases in freight and shipping costs charged to us by third parties could adversely affect our margins to the extent the increases cannot be passed along to customers, and factors affecting the shipping and distribution of products imported to the United States by us or our domestic vendors, such as the current shortage in global availability of shipping containers, the current port congestion and global logistical delays and pandemic related labor shortages, have in the past and could in the future adversely affect the timely availability of products, resulting in delayed or lost sales, as well as adversely affecting our margins.  \n  The fuel costs of our independent freight companies have been volatile.  Our vendors and independent freight carriers typically look to pass increased costs along to us through price increases.  When we are forced to accept these price increases, we may not be able to pass them along to our customers, resulting in lower margins.  \n\u2022\nChanges in customer, product, vendor, sourcing or channel sales mix, could cause the gross margin and ultimately operating margins to decline; failure to mitigate these pressures could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.  \nOur gross margins are dependent on the mix of products we sell, decisions to drop ship rather than stock products in our distribution centers, decisions to offer private brand alternatives or branded offerings, price changes by manufacturers, and pricing actions by competitors.  In addition, we could be adversely affected by a continuation of our customers\u2019 shift to lower-priced products.   \n\u2022\nWe rely to a great extent on our information and telecommunications systems, and significant system failures or outages, or our failure to properly evaluate, upgrade or replace our systems, or the failure of our security/safety measures to protect our systems and websites, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.  \n14\nWe rely on a variety of information and telecommunications systems including internally\u00a0developed software, third-party purchased software and third-party cloud-based software in order to manage our business, including our customer, vendor, employee, facilities, finance, management and corporate operations.  Our success is dependent in large part on the accuracy and proper use of our information systems, including our telecommunications systems, which are utilized in all aspects of our business. To manage our growth, we need to continually evaluate the effectiveness and adequacy of our existing systems and procedures to ensure they are keeping pace with changes in our business. These systems, whether internally developed, purchased or cloud-based may need to be modified, upgraded or replaced from time to time.  System modifications, upgrades or replacements involve costs as well as the risk of implementation delays and not operating as intended.  We rely on third parties such as telecommunication carriers, internet service providers and our own employees to provide the technology services and expertise on which we depend.  There are risks that third parties may incur outages or circumstances where they cannot provide the services we require as intended or that our employees do not have the expertise to remediate system outages or technical problems that may arise.  We have experienced some delays and operational problems in implementing new IT systems in the past.  We anticipate that we will regularly need to make capital expenditures to upgrade and modify our management information systems, including software and hardware, as we grow and the needs of our business change.  We have disaster recovery systems and system backups are routinely done for certain critical systems, but not for every system.  The occurrence of a significant system failure, electrical or telecommunications outages or our failure to ensure our IT employees are properly trained and technically proficient, or that our systems are adequate, effective and beneficial to our business, or our failure to expand or successfully implement new systems could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  \n\u2022\nUse of Cloud-Based Systems and Infrastructure Provided by Third Parties Present Significant Risks to Our Business.\nCertain of our operating systems and management information systems resources and storage reside on a leading cloud-based platform operated by a well-known third-party provider of technology services.  This managed cloud-based platform is operated on a \u201cinfrastructure as a service\u201d (\u201cIAAS\u201d) model.   Accordingly, exposure to third-party service outages and data loss, or a failure of the network or loss of connectivity can adversely affect our business.\u00a0 In addition, since the data resides on the cloud, we and our customers are forced to rely on the physical and information security of the vendor to protect their valuable information.\u00a0 There can be no assurance that the cloud-based systems on which we rely will not experience such outages or failures or that data privacy/information security will not be breached.\n\u2022\nData and security breaches, and other disruptions in our information technology systems, could compromise confidential or private information and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer\n.  \nOur operations are dependent upon information technology that encompasses all of our major business functions. We use our information systems to, among other things, monitor our supply chain, make purchasing decisions, manage and replenish inventories, coordinate our sales and marketing activities, fill and ship customer orders on a timely basis and to monitor and record our financial transactions and results of operations. These systems also process, transmit and store sensitive electronic data, including employee personal information, supplier and customer records, allow vendors and customers to register on our portals and websites, as applicable, or otherwise allow third parties to communicate or interact with us. In addition, we depend on IT systems of third parties, to, among other things, market and distribute products, to operate our websites, host and manage our services, store data, and process transactions. We may share information with these third parties that participate in certain aspects of our business, and we obtain external auditor certification on the controls and security of any significant outsourced service provider according to the SSAE 18 standard. However, there is always a risk that the confidentiality of data held or accessed by them may be compromised.\nIn processing our sales orders, we often collect personal information and transmit credit card information of our customers.  If there was a security breach resulting in unauthorized access to or use of such information, we could be subject to claims for identity theft, unauthorized purchases and claims alleging misrepresentation of our privacy and data security practices or other related claims.  While the Company believes it conforms to appropriate Payment Card Industry (\u201cPCI\u201d) security standards, any breach involving the loss of credit card information may lead to significant PCI related fines.  In the event of a severe breach, credit card providers may prevent our accepting of credit cards.\nWe measure our data security effectiveness through industry accepted methods and remediate significant findings.  We maintain and routinely test backup systems and disaster recovery, along with external network security penetration testing by an independent third-party as part of our business continuity preparedness.  We also have processes in place to prevent disruptions resulting from the implementation of new software and systems of the latest technology.  We have implemented solutions, processes, and procedures to help mitigate the risk of cyber-attacks, such as conducting annual vulnerability testing, and in 2018 engaged consultants to assist us in implementing stronger security measures, identifying remediation \n15\ninitiatives and establishing emergency response plans, but there can be no assurance these efforts will successfully deter future cyber-attacks.  Our Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of the activities of our IT department (which reports to our Chief Executive Officer) and receives periodic presentations from our Chief Information Officer that cover, among other things, data security and cyber liability matters.\nAlthough our IT systems are protected through various network security measures, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers with which we do business, may nevertheless be vulnerable to security breaches, cyber-attacks (any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources) vandalism, power outages, natural disasters, computer system failures, telecommunication or network failures, computer viruses, malware, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events.  From time to time, we have experienced efforts by unknown persons, including \u201cbots\u201d, to access or breach our information systems, and these efforts can be expected to continue in the future. Furthermore, the recent military conflict between Ukraine and Russia, and the potential for retaliatory acts of cyberwarfare from Russia against U.S. companies in response to increasing sanctions on Russia could result in increased cyber-attacks against us.  While we have successfully defended against such efforts in the past, there can be no assurance we will be able to protect sensitive data and/or the integrity of the Company's information systems and to defend against such efforts in the future.\nAny security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of our confidential information or confidential information of our customers, employees, or suppliers, whether by us or by our third-party service providers, could disrupt our business, expose us to risks of litigation (such as customer or third-party claims that their data has been compromised) and liability, result in a loss of assets or cause reputational damage, and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.  Any substantial disruption of our systems could impair our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, manage customer billings and collections, prepare and present accurate financial statements and related information, and otherwise materially adversely affect our ability to manage our business.\nWe maintain cyber liability risk insurance, but this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any future breaches of our systems, or to cover the cause of the future specific situation/loss at hand.  In addition, as privacy and information security laws and standards evolve, we may need to incur significant additional investment in technology and other processes to meet new legal requirements.\n\u2022\nOur foreign product procurement operations are subject to risks such as foreign regulatory trade and customs requirements such as the tariffs and duties matters discussed above, and the political and economic conditions of the jurisdictions from which we procure products.\nBecause we sell products all across North America and procure product from abroad, including from China, we operate internationally and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally, such as risks related to the differing legal, political and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many jurisdictions.  Risks inherent to operating internationally include:\n\u2022\nChanges in a country\u2019s economic or political conditions;\n\u2022\nTariff and trade uncertainties;\n\u2022\nChanges in foreign currency exchange rates;\n\u2022\nDifficulties with staffing and managing international relationships;\n\u2022\nUnexpected changes in regulatory requirements;\n\u2022\nChanges in transportation and shipping costs; and\n\u2022\nEnforcement of intellectual property rights.\nThe functional currencies of our businesses outside of the U.S. are the local currencies.  Changes in exchange rates between these foreign currencies and the U.S. Dollar will affect the recorded levels of our assets, liabilities, net sales, cost of goods sold and operating margins and could result in exchange gains or losses.  The primary currencies to which we have exposure are the Canadian Dollar and the Indian Rupee. Our operating results and profitability may be affected by any volatility in currency exchange rates and our ability to manage effectively our currency transaction and translation risks.  For example, we currently have operations located in countries outside the United States, and non-U.S. sales accounted for approximately 6.5% of our net sales from continuing operations during 2021.  To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, our foreign revenues and profits will be reduced when translated into U.S. dollars.  \n16\n\u2022\nWe are exposed to various inventory risks, such as being unable to profitably resell excess or obsolete inventory and/or the loss of product return from our vendors; such events could lower our gross margins or result in inventory write-downs that would reduce reported future earnings.  \nOur inventory is subject to risk due to changes in market demand for particular products.  If we fail to manage our inventory of older products we may have excess or obsolete inventory.  We may have limited rights to return purchases to certain suppliers.  The elimination of purchase return privileges could lower our gross margin or result in inventory write-downs.  \nWe also take advantage of attractive product pricing by making opportunistic bulk inventory purchases; any resulting excess and/or obsolete inventory that we are not able to re-sell could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.  Any inability to make such bulk inventory purchases may significantly impact our sales and profitability.  \n\u2022\nConcentration of Ownership and Control Limits Stockholders Ability to Influence Corporate Actions.\nRichard Leeds, Robert Leeds, and Bruce Leeds (each are brothers and directors and executive officers of the Company), together with trusts for the benefit of certain members of their respective families and other entities controlled by them, control approximately 66.6% of the voting power of our outstanding common stock.  Due to such holdings, the Leeds brothers together with these trusts and entities are able to determine the outcome of virtually all matters submitted to stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, the appointment of management, amendment of our articles of incorporation, significant corporate transactions (such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets), the payments of dividends on our common stock and the entering into of extraordinary transactions. Under NYSE rules, as a  company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a \u201ccontrolled company\u201d and may elect not to comply with certain NYSE corporate governance standards, including the requirements (1) that a majority of its board of directors consist of independent directors, (2) that its board of directors have a compensation committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities and (3) that its board of directors have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities. As a \"controlled company\", the Company has elected to opt-out of the first of these. The Company does however currently have an independent Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee.  \n\u2022\nRisk of Thin Trading and Volatility of our Common Stock Could Impact Stockholder Value\nOur common stock is currently listed on the NYSE and is thinly traded.  Volatility of thinly traded stocks is typically higher than the volatility of more liquid stocks with higher trading volumes.  The trading of relatively small quantities of shares of common stock by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction.  This may result in volatility in our stock price and could exacerbate the other volatility-inducing factors described below.  The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations as a result of being thinly traded.\n\u2022\nGoodwill and intangible assets may become impaired resulting in a charge to earnings.\nThe Company has made acquisitions in the past and these acquisitions resulted in the recording of significant intangible assets and/or goodwill. We are required to test goodwill and intangible assets annually to determine if the carrying values of these assets are impaired or on a more frequent basis if indicators of impairment exist. If any of our goodwill or intangible assets are determined to be impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in the period during which the impairment is discovered. Although the carrying amounts of intangible assets and goodwill are relatively small as of December 31, 2021, to the extent the Company makes acquisitions in the future there could again be material amounts of such assets recorded and subject to future impairment testing.\n\u2022\nOur business is dependent on certain key personnel, including the recent engagement of new senior executives.  \nOur business depends largely on the efforts and abilities of certain key senior management employees. Recruiting and retaining qualified personnel is and will continue to be critical to our success. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with sufficient skills and experience required to successfully run our business. We may be unable to hire, train, retain, or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the intense competition among numerous companies for similar personnel. Our inability to attract and retain such personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.   \n17\n\u2022\nWe are subject to litigation risk due to the nature of our business, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and business.  \nFrom time to time, we are involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business.  These include patent, trademark or other intellectual property matters, employment law matters, states sales tax claims on internet/e-commerce transactions, product liability, commercial disputes, consumer sales practices, or other matters.  In addition, as a public company we could from time to time face claims relating to corporate or securities law matters.  The defense and/or outcome of such lawsuits or proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business.  See \u201cLegal Proceedings\u201d.  \n\u2022\nWe exited our France business in 2018 and our North American Technology Products Group (\"NATG\") business in 2015 and could incur costs in excess of our estimated exit expenses.  \nThe Company has completed the wind-down activities related to the sale of the France business, but may incur additional charges related to statutory tax and other indemnities given at closing.  The Company has substantially completed the wind-down activities related to the NATG business, although certain NATG activities related to sublet facilities continue.  The Company expects that total additional NATG exit costs incurred during 2022 or later may aggregate up to $0.5 million, which will be presented in discontinued operations.  There can be no assurance the Company will be able to timely exit its existing NATG lease commitments at currently recorded cost levels.  Failure to achieve these expectations will result in increased cash exit costs for the Company. \n\u2022\nWe may encounter difficulties with acquisitions and other strategic transactions which could harm our business.  \nWe expect to pursue acquisitions and other strategic transactions that we believe will either expand or complement our business in new or existing markets or further enhance the value and offerings we are able to provide to our existing or future potential customers.  \nAcquisitions and other strategic transactions involve numerous risks and challenges, including the following: \n\u2022\ndiversion of management\u2019s attention from the normal operation of our business;\n\u2022\npotential loss of key associates and customers of the acquired companies;\n\u2022\ndifficulties managing and integrating operations in geographically dispersed locations;\n\u2022\nthe potential for deficiencies in internal controls at acquired companies;\n\u2022\nincreases in our expenses and working capital requirements, which reduce our return on invested capital;\n\u2022\nlack of experience operating in the geographic market or industry sector of the acquired business; and\n\u2022\nexposure to unanticipated liabilities of acquired companies. \nTo integrate acquired businesses, we must implement our management information systems, operating systems and internal controls, and assimilate and manage the personnel of the acquired operations.  The difficulties of this integration may be further complicated by geographic distances.  The integration of acquired businesses may not be successful may take longer or be more difficult, time-consuming or costly to accomplish than anticipated and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. These and other factors could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability at acquired operations or realize other anticipated benefits of an acquisition, and could adversely affect our consolidated business and operating results and could result in disruption to other parts of our business.  \n\u2022\nOur operations are subject to the effects of a rising rate of inflation. \nThe United States has recently experienced historically high levels of inflation. According to the U.S. Department of Labor, the annual inflation rate for the United States was approximately 7.0% for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Inflationary pressures have increased our costs, including for those for transportation and labor. To the extent we are unable to offset these cost increases through higher prices or other measures, our operating results may be adversely affected.\n\u2022\nChanges in accounting standards or practices, as well as new accounting pronouncements or interpretations, may require us to account for and report our financial results in a different manner in the future, which may be less favorable than the manner used historically.  \n18\nA change in accounting standards or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results of operations.  New accounting pronouncements and interpretations of existing accounting rules and practices have occurred and may occur in the future.  Changes to existing rules may adversely affect our reported financial results.  ", "item7": ">Item 7. Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.\nOverview\n20\nGlobal Industrial Company, through its subsidiaries, is a value-added industrial distributor of more than one million industrial and maintenance, repair and operation (\"MRO\") products in North America going to market through a system of branded e-commerce websites and relationship marketers. \n \nContinuing Operations \nThe Company sells a wide array of industrial and MRO products, which are marketed in North America.  These industrial and MRO products are manufactured by other companies.  Some products are manufactured for us and sold as a white label product, and some are manufactured to our own design and marketed as private brand products under the trademarks: \nGlobal\u2122, GlobalIndustrial.com\u2122, Nexel\u2122 Paramount\u2122 and Interion\u2122. \nDiscontinued Operations\nThe Company's discontinued operations include the results of the North American Technology Group (\"NATG\") business sold in December 2015 (see Note 1 and Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). \nOperating Conditions\nThe North American industrial products market is highly fragmented and we compete against numerous competitors in multiple distribution channels.  Industrial products distribution is working capital intensive, requiring us to incur significant costs associated with the warehousing of many products, including the costs of maintaining inventory, leasing warehouse space, inventory management systems and employing personnel to perform the associated tasks.  We supplement our on-hand product availability by maintaining relationships with major distributors and manufacturers, utilizing a combination of stock and drop-shipment fulfillment.  \nThe primary component of our operating expenses historically has been employee-related costs, which includes items such as wages, commissions, bonuses, employee benefits and equity-based compensation, as well as marketing expenses, primarily comprised of digital marketing spend, and occupancy related charges associated with our leased distribution and call center facilities.  We continually assess our operations to ensure that they are efficient, aligned with market conditions and responsive to customer needs.  \nThe discussion of our results of operations and financial condition that follows will provide information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the factors that we believe may affect our future results and financial condition as well as information about how certain accounting policies and estimates affect the consolidated financial statements. \nThe Company has elected to omit discussion of the earliest year presented, December 31, 2019, in MD&A.  This discussion can be found in Item 7. Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 18, 2021.\nBusiness Outlook\nAs we look to 2022, the Company is focused on the continued execution of our customer centric strategy, specifically in areas such as sales, marketing, private brand, digital transformation and distribution; all of which are targeted to help drive better execution, enhance our ability to deliver an exceptional customer service experience and support growth for the future. As the Company continues to take steps to deliver efficiency improvements through various technology and automation opportunities, we expect our capital expenditures in 2022 to be in the range of $7.0 to $9.0 million.\n21\nHighlights from 2021\nThe following discussion of our results of operations and financial condition will provide information that will assist in understanding our financial statements and information about how certain accounting principles and estimates affect the consolidated financial statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included herein.\n\u2022\nConsolidated sales increased 3.3% to $1.06 billion in U.S. dollars compared to $1.03 billion last year.  Sales increased 5.0% on an average daily sales basis. Average daily sales is calculated based upon the number of selling days in each period, with Canadian sales converted to US dollars using the current year's average exchange rate. Fiscal year 2021 had four fewer selling days than 2020. \n\u2022\nConsolidated operating income increased 4.6% to $88.0 million compared to $84.1 million last year.  \n\u2022\nNet income per diluted share from continuing operations increased 9.5% to $1.84 compared to $1.68 last year.  \n22\nResults of Operations\n(1)\nKey Performance Indicators (in millions):\u00a0\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December 31\nChange\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n2021 vs. 2020\nResults of continuing operations:\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nConsolidated net sales\n$\n1,063.1\u00a0\n$\n1,029.0\u00a0\n3.3\u00a0\n%\nConsolidated gross profit\n$\n374.3\u00a0\n$\n356.9\u00a0\n4.9\u00a0\n%\nConsolidated gross margin\n35.2\u00a0\n%\n34.7\u00a0\n%\n0.5\u00a0\n%\nConsolidated SD&A costs \n$\n286.3\u00a0\n$\n272.8\u00a0\n4.9\u00a0\n%\nConsolidated SD&A\n \ncosts as % of sales\n26.9\u00a0\n%\n26.5\u00a0\n%\n0.4\u00a0\n%\nConsolidated operating income\n$\n88.0\u00a0\n$\n84.1\u00a0\n4.6\u00a0\n%\nConsolidated operating margin from continuing operations:\n8.3\u00a0\n%\n8.2\u00a0\n%\n0.1\u00a0\n%\nEffective income tax rate \n20.0\u00a0\n%\n23.7\u00a0\n%\n(3.7)\n%\nNet income from continuing operations\n$\n70.1\u00a0\n$\n64.1\u00a0\n9.4\u00a0\n%\nNet margin from continuing operations\n6.6\u00a0\n%\n6.2\u00a0\n%\n0.4\u00a0\n%\nNet income from discontinued operations, net of tax\n$\n33.2\u00a0\n$\n1.3\u00a0\nNM\nNM - not meaningful\n1\nGlobal Industrial Company manages its business and reports using a 52-53 week fiscal year that ends at midnight on the Saturday closest to December 31.\u00a0 For clarity of presentation, fiscal years are described as if they ended on the last day of the respective calendar month.\u00a0 Fiscal years 2021 and 2020 ended on January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively. The year ended 2021 included 52 weeks and 2020 included 53 weeks. \n23\nManagement\u2019s discussion and analysis that follows will include current operations and discontinued operations. \nNET SALES\nThe Company's net sales increased 3.3% to $1.06 billion compared to $1.03 billion in the prior year. The Company's performance continued to benefit from investments in our private brand offerings, as 2021 private brand offerings made up over 45% of net sales, and was its fastest growing sourcing channel. During 2021 the Company experienced disruptions in its supply chain, including container shortages, high levels of port congestion, and disruptions to the domestic less-than-truckload (\"LTL\") carrier network. These disruptions caused extended lead times for product order fulfillment and resulted in an increase in open orders for both stock and drop ship offerings. Net sales were negatively impacted as the conversion of customer demand to net sales was slower than the Company's typical conversion cycle. Net sales from our Canada business grew 13.6%, 6.3% on a local currency basis, compared to prior year.  U.S. revenue increased 2.7% compared to prior year.   Consolidated sales increased 5.0% on an average daily sales basis compared to prior year.  There were 4 fewer selling days in 2021 compared to 2020.\nGROSS MARGIN\nGross margin is dependent on variables such as product mix including sourcing and category, competition, pricing strategy, vendor volume rebates, freight pricing decisions including the use of free or other promotional freight plans, freight cost inflation including both domestic outbound freight as well as international inbound ocean freight, inventory valuation and obsolescence and other variables, any or all of which may result in fluctuations in gross margin.  The Company expects to see continued margin variability due to the current economic environment, inflationary pressures on both transportation and raw material costs, changes in mix as a result of the normalization of our customer's demand of personal protective equipment (\"PPE\") and other related products and historical seasonality. \nGross margin was 35.2% compared to 34.7% in the prior year primarily driven by improvements in price rationalization, as well as a product mix shift to in stock and private brand products and the higher margins these sourcing channels provide as compared to nationally branded products fulfilled through a drop ship model.   The Company did experience a number of margin pressures during 2021 including increased LTL freight costs during the first quarter, costs related to its transition to a  new 3PL partner,  ocean freight costs throughout the year, and approximately $3.5 million write down of PPE inventory as the demand for these pandemic related supplies declined over the course of the year.   We expect continued inflationary cost pressures from both ocean freight and domestic freight costs but remain confident that efforts to optimize price as well as further grow our private brands will help offset these increases.\nSELLING, DISTRIBUTION AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES (\u201cSD&A\u201d), EXCLUDING SPECIAL GAINS AND CHARGES\nSelling, distribution and administrative expenses totaled $286.3 million and $272.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.  \nSD&A costs as a percentage of sales increased in 2021 compared to 2020 by 40 basis points.  This increased SD&A reflects increased marketing investment to support both core and private brand product lines, growth initiatives, as well as increased distribution center compensation.  Significant cost increases related to increased salary, temporary labor, recruitment and other employee related costs of approximately $9.4 million, as distribution center labor availability continues to remains tight, offset by cost savings due to lower variable bonus, commissions and equity compensation expenses of approximately $6.3 million related to the Company's financial performance.  Other cost increases related to our in-person national trade show held in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to the virtual event held last year of approximately $1.2 million and increased internet advertising spend of approximately $3.4 million, increased consulting and professional fees of approximately $1.5 million primarily related to our customer centric strategy initiatives, increased facility costs of approximately $2.0 million and increased dues and subscription fees of approximately $1.4 million.\nDISCONTINUED OPERATIONS \nThe Company's discontinued operations include the results of the NATG businesses sold in December 2015 (see Note 1 and Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  \nDuring 2021, the Company recorded net income in its discontinued operations of approximately $33.2 million primarily related to the resolution of certain liabilities of these previously discontinued operations of $31.7 million, restitution receipts, net of \n24\nrelated professional fees, of approximately $12.0 million  and recorded approximately $10.7 million for the provision for income taxes.\nOPERATING MARGIN\nThe Company's operating margin increased 10 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, driven by improved gross margin that resulted primarily from the product mix shift to in stock and private brand products and efficiencies in our marketing efforts. Operating margin in 2021 was negatively impacted by PPE inventory write downs of approximately $3.5 million and continued freight pricing pressures.\nINTEREST AND OTHER EXPENSE, NET\nInterest and other expense, net from continuing operations was $0.1 million for 2021 and 2020. The Company also recorded foreign exchange losses of approximately $0.3 million in 2021 and $0.0 million for 2020.\nINCOME TAXES\nThe Company recorded net tax expense in continuing operations for 2021 of $17.5 million, or 20.0%, and a net tax expense in discontinued operations of $10.7 million.  Tax expense from continuing operations was primarily the result of pretax income in the U.S. and India operations, including tax expense for certain U.S. states. The tax rate was benefited by the reversal of valuation allowances against the Company's Canadian net operating loss carryforward and other deferred tax assets of approximately $3.4 million, as the Company now believes it is more likely than not that all of the net operating losses of the Canadian subsidiary will be utilized. Tax expense from continuing operations was also benefited by approximately $0.8 million of stock option exercises.  Non-deductible expenses, including executive compensation, was approximately $0.4 million. Tax expense in discontinued operations is attributed to pretax income recorded in the discontinued North American Technology Products Group business. \nThe Company recorded net tax expense in continuing operations for 2020 of $19.9 million, or 23.7%, and a net tax expense in discontinued operations of $0.5 million.  Tax expense from continuing operations was primarily the result of pretax income in the U.S. and India operations, including tax expense for certain U.S. states. The tax rate was benefited by pre-tax income in Canada of approximately $3.2 million as the Company had a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets, including net operating losses, of its Canadian subsidiary and taxable income is fully offset by these net operating losses. Tax expense from continuing operations was also benefited by approximately $0.6 million of stock option exercises and dividend equivalent payments.  Non-deductible expenses, including executive compensation, was approximately $0.7 million. Tax expense in discontinued operations is attributed to pretax income recorded in the discontinued North American Technology Products Group business. \nFinancial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources\nSelected liquidity data (in millions):\n\u00a0\nDecember 31,\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n$ Change\nCash and cash equivalents\n$\n15.4\u00a0\n$\n22.4\u00a0\n$\n(7.0)\nAccounts receivable, net\n$\n106.8\u00a0\n$\n102.3\u00a0\n$\n4.5\u00a0\nInventories\n$\n172.8\u00a0\n$\n132.3\u00a0\n$\n40.5\u00a0\nPrepaid expenses and other current assets\n$\n6.4\u00a0\n$\n6.8\u00a0\n$\n(0.4)\nAccounts payable\n$\n114.4\u00a0\n$\n125.4\u00a0\n$\n(11.0)\nAccrued expenses and other current liabilities\n$\n50.5\u00a0\n$\n50.7\u00a0\n$\n(0.2)\nShort-term debt\n$\n4.5\u00a0\n0.0\u00a0\n$\n4.5\u00a0\nOperating lease liabilities\n$\n10.5\u00a0\n$\n10.3\u00a0\n$\n0.2\u00a0\nWorking capital\n$\n121.5\u00a0\n$\n77.4\u00a0\n$\n44.1\u00a0\n25\nHistorical Cash Flows\n\u00a0\nYear Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\nNet cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations\n$\n47.6\u00a0\n$\n67.3\u00a0\nNet cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations\n$\n2.2\u00a0\n$\n0.9\u00a0\nNet cash used in investing activities from continuing operations\n$\n(3.4)\n$\n(2.7)\nNet cash used in financing activities from continuing operations\n$\n(55.0)\n$\n(138.8)\nEffects of exchange rates on cash\n$\n0.0\u00a0\n$\n0.1\u00a0\nNet decrease in cash and cash equivalents \n$\n(8.6)\n$\n(73.2)\nOur primary liquidity needs are to support working capital requirements in our business, including inflationary cost pressures within inventory, funding recently declared and any future dividends, funding capital expenditures, debt repayment, continuing investment in upgrading and expanding our technological capabilities and information technology infrastructure specifically related to our e-commerce shopping experience, sales force productivity and automation, continuing investment in upgrading and expanding our distribution footprint and funding acquisitions. We rely principally upon operating cash flows to meet these needs.  We currently believe that current cash on hand and cash flow from operations and our availability under our credit facility will be sufficient to fund our working capital and other cash requirements for at least the next twelve months.  We believe our current capital structure and cash resources are adequate for our internal growth initiatives.  To the extent our growth initiatives expand, including major acquisitions, we would seek to raise additional capital.  We believe that, if needed, we can access public or private funding alternatives to raise additional capital.  \nOur working capital increased $44.1 million primarily related to increased inventory balances and lower accounts payable and accrued expense balances.   Our inventory balance increase is primarily associated with increased cost of capitalized freight associated with increased costs of inbound ocean freight, as well as expansion of safety stock and in transit inventory associated with the extended lead times caused by supply chain disruptions both at origin as well as at port in the United States. Accounts receivable days outstanding were 38.0 in 2021 compared to 37.4 in 2020. Inventory turns were 4.7 in 2021 compared to 5.3 in 2020 and accounts payable days outstanding were 69.1 in 2021 compared to 68.3 in 2020.  We expect that future accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable balances will fluctuate with net sales and the product mix of our net sales. \nOperating Activities\nNet cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $47.6 million attributable to cash generated from net income adjusted by other non-cash items which provided $76.3 million in 2021 compared to $73.6 million provided by these items in 2020.  This increase is primarily related to the higher net income from continuing operations in 2021 compared to 2020. Offsetting this increase are the changes in our working capital accounts, which used $28.7 million in cash compared to $6.3 million used in 2020, primarily the result of changes in the inventory, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, other current liabilities and non-current liabilities balances in 2021.  Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations was $2.2 million and $0.9 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. \nInvesting Activities\nNet cash used in investing activities from continuing operations totaled $3.4 million and $2.7 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively.  In 2021 and 2020, investing activities were primarily related to leasehold improvements, warehouse machinery and equipment, molds and computer equipment.  \nFinancing Activities\nNet cash used in financing activities was $55.0 million and $138.8 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively.  In 2021, net cash used in financing activities primarily related to the special dividend of $1.00 per share declared in December 2021, and the regular quarterly dividends of $0.16 per share, which totaled approximately $62.5 million. During 2021, the Company had net borrowings under its credit facility of approximately $4.5 million and proceeds from the issuance of common stock from stock option exercises, net of payments for payroll taxes through shares withheld, totaled $1.9 million and proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our employee stock purchase plan totaled $1.1 million.  In 2020, cash used in financing activities was primarily related to the payment of the special dividend of $2.00 declared in December 2020 and regular quarterly dividends of $0.14 per share, which totaled approximately $134.3 million and the Company purchased treasury shares totaling approximately $7.2 million. Proceeds from stock option exercises, net of payments for payroll taxes through shares withheld, \n26\ntotaled $1.9 million and proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our employee stock purchase plan totaled $0.8 million in 2020.\nThe Company maintains a $75.0 million secured revolving credit facility with one financial institution which has a five-year term, maturing on October 19, 2026 and provides for borrowings in the United States.\u00a0The credit agreement contains certain operating, financial and other covenants, including limits on annual levels of capital expenditures, availability tests related to payments of dividends and stock repurchases and fixed charge coverage tests related to acquisitions.\u00a0 The revolving credit agreement requires that a minimum level of availability be maintained. If such availability is not maintained, the Company will be required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined).\u00a0 The borrowings under the agreement are subject to borrowing base limitations of up to 85% of eligible accounts receivable and the inventory advance rate computed as the lesser of 60% or 85% of the net orderly liquidation value (\u201cNOLV\u201d).\u00a0\u00a0 Borrowings are secured by substantially all of the Borrower\u2019s assets, as defined, including all accounts receivable, inventory and certain other assets, subject to limited exceptions, including the exclusion of certain foreign assets from the collateral.\u00a0 The interest rate under the amended and restated facility is computed at applicable market rates based on the London interbank offered rate (\u201cLIBOR\u201d), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (\u201cNYFRB\u201d) or the Prime Rate, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin varies based on borrowing base availability.\u00a0 As of December 31, 2021, eligible collateral under the credit agreement was $75.0 million, total availability was $72.5 million, total outstanding letters of credit was $1.5 million, total outstanding borrowings was $4.5 million and total excess availability was $66.5 million. The Company was in compliance with all of the covenants of the credit agreement in place as of December 31, 2021.\nLevels of earnings and cash flows are dependent on factors such as consolidated gross margin and selling, distribution and administrative costs, product mix and relative levels of domestic and foreign sales. Unusual gains or expense items, such as special (gains) charges and settlements, may impact earnings and are separately disclosed.\u00a0 We expect that past performance may not be indicative of future performance due to the competitive nature of our business segments where the need to adjust prices to gain or hold market share is prevalent. \nMacroeconomic conditions, such as business and consumer sentiment, may affect our revenues, cash flows or financial condition.\u00a0 However, we do not believe that there is a direct correlation between any specific macroeconomic indicator and our revenues, cash flows or financial condition.\u00a0 We are not currently interest rate sensitive, as we have minimal debt.\nThe expenses and capital expenditures described above will require significant levels of liquidity, which we believe can be adequately funded from our currently available cash resources, cash flow from operations and borrowing under our current credit facility.  In 2022 we anticipate capital expenditures to be in the range of $7.0 to $9.0 million, though at this time we are not contractually committed to incur these expenditures.\u00a0 \nIn the past we have engaged in opportunistic acquisitions, choosing to pay the purchase price in cash, and may do so in the future as favorable situations arise.\u00a0 However, a deep and prolonged period of reduced business spending could adversely impact our cash resources and force us to either forego future acquisition opportunities or to pay the purchase price using stock, debt or a combination of consideration which could have an adverse effect on our earnings.  We believe that our cash balances and future cash flows from operations and availability under our credit facility will be sufficient to fund our working capital and other cash requirements for at least the next twelve months.\nWe maintain our cash and cash equivalents in money market funds or their equivalent that have maturities of less than three months and in non-interest bearing accounts that partially offset banking fees. As of December 31, 2021, we had no investments with maturities of greater than three months.\u00a0 Accordingly, we do not believe that our cash balances have significant exposure to interest rate risk. At December 31, 2021 cash balances held in foreign subsidiaries totaled approximately $6.5 million. These balances are held in local country banks and are held primarily to support local working capital needs. The Company had in excess of $75 million of liquidity (cash and an undrawn line of credit) in the U.S. as of December 31, 2021. \nMaterial Cash Requirements\nWe are obligated under non-cancelable operating leases for the rental of our facilities and certain of our equipment which expires at various dates through 2032. As of December 31, 2021 we were obligated for approximately $99.6 million under these non-cancelable operating leases. In 2022 we anticipate cash expenditures of approximately $14.5 million for these operating leases.\u00a0 We have sublease agreements for unused space we lease in the United States.\u00a0 In the event the sub lessee is unable to fulfill its obligations, we would be responsible for remaining rents due under the leases.\nOur purchase and other obligations consist primarily of purchase commitments for certain employment, consulting and service agreements. As of December 31, 2021 we were obligated for approximately $31.8 million under these commitments. In 2022 \n27\nwe anticipate cash expenditures of approximately $7.3 million related to these commitments. In addition to the previously mentioned commitments, we had $1.5 million of standby letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2021.\nWe are party to certain litigation, the outcome of which we believe, based on discussions with legal counsel, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements.\nTax contingencies are related to uncertain tax positions taken on income tax returns that may result in additional tax, interest and penalties being paid to taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had no material uncertain tax positions.\nDiscontinued Operations\nThe Company's discontinued operations include the former North American Technology Group business sold in December 2015 (see Note 1 and Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). \nCritical Accounting Policies and Estimates\nOur significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K.  Certain accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates.  By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and as a result, actual results could differ materially from those estimates.  These judgments are based on historical experience, observation of trends in the industry, information provided by customers, forecasts of future economic conditions and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate.  Management believes that full consideration has been given to all relevant circumstances that we may be subject to, and the consolidated financial statements of the Company accurately reflect management's best estimate of the consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Company for the years presented.  We identify below a number of policies that entail significant judgments or estimates, the assumptions and/or judgments used to determine those estimates and the potential effects on reported financial results if actual results differ materially from these estimates.\nRevenue Recognition\nThe Company recognizes revenue from contracts with its customers utilizing the following steps:\n\u2022\nIdentifying the contract with the customer\n\u25aa\nIdentifying the performance obligations under the contract\n\u25aa\nDetermine the transaction price\n\u25aa\nAllocate transaction price to performance obligations, if necessary\n\u25aa\nRecognizing revenue as performance obligations are satisfied\nThe Company's invoice, and the terms and conditions of sale contained therein, constitutes the evidence of an arrangement and is a contract with the customer. The performance obligations are generally delivery of the products listed on the invoice and the transaction price for each product is listed. Allocation of transaction price is generally not needed. Performance obligations are satisfied, and revenue is recognized upon the shipment of goods from one of the Company\u2019s distribution centers or drop shippers for most contracts or in certain cases revenue will be recognized upon delivery and acceptance by the customer. Customer acceptance occurs when the customer accepts the shipment.  The Company's standard terms, provided on its invoices as well as on its websites, are included in communications with the customer and have standard payment terms of 30 days.  Certain customers may have extended payment terms that have been pre-approved by the Company's credit department, but generally none extend longer than 90 days.\nProvisions for sales returns and allowances are estimated based on historical data and are recorded concurrently with the recognition of revenue. These provisions are reviewed and adjusted periodically by the Company. Revenue is presented net of sales taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities. Revenue is reduced for any early payment discounts or volume incentive rebates offered to customers.\nThe Company\u2019s revenue is shown as \u201cNet sales\u201d in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and is measured as the determined transaction price, net of any variable consideration consisting primarily of rights to return product. The Company has elected to treat shipping and handling revenues as activities to fulfill its performance obligation. Billings\n \nfor freight and shipping and handling are recorded in net sales and costs of freight and shipping and handling are recorded in cost of sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.\n28\nThe Company will record a contract liability in cases where customers pay in advance of the Company satisfying its performance obligation. The Company did not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations or liabilities as of\u00a0December 31, 2021.\nThe Company offers customers rights to return product within a certain time, usually 30 days. The Company estimates its sales returns liability quarterly based upon its historical returns rates as a percentage of historical sales for the trailing twelve-month period. The total accrued sales returns liability was approximately $2.2 million and $1.9 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and was recorded as a refund liability in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.\nAllowance for Credit Losses\nThe Company\u2019s trade accounts receivable is one portfolio comprised of commercial businesses operating in the U.S. and to a much lesser extent, Canada. The Company develops its allowances for credit losses, which represent an estimate of expected losses over the remaining contractual life of its receivables, considering customer financial condition, historical loss experience with its customers, current market economic conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions when appropriate. When the Company becomes aware of a customer's inability to meet its financial obligation, a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the expected amount to be collected.  For the balance of its trade receivables, the Company uses a loss rate method to estimate its credit loss reserve. Historical loss experience rates are calculated using receivable write offs over a trailing twelve-month period and comparing that to the average receivable balances over the same period. That rate is applied to the current accounts receivable portfolio, excluding accounts that have been specifically reserved. Any write offs incurred are recorded against the established reserves.\nThe Company grants credit to commercial business customers using an electronic application process that evaluates the customer's detailed credit report, reference responses, availability under credit facilities, existing liens, tenure of management and business history, among other factors. Credit terms are typically net 30 days payment required with larger businesses eligible for up to net 90 day terms, if qualified.\nOur estimates for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 have not been materially different than our actual experience. While bad debt allowances have been within expectations, there can be no assurance that we will continue to experience the same allowance rate we have in the past particularly if business or economic conditions change or actual results deviate from historical trends. \nInventory Valuation\nWe value our inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value; cost being determined on the first-in, first-out method. Excess and obsolete or unmarketable merchandise are written down based on historical experience, assumptions about future product demand and market conditions. If market conditions are less favorable than projected or if technological developments result in accelerated obsolescence, additional write-downs may be required. While obsolescence and resultant markdowns have been within expectations, there can be no guarantee that we will continue to experience the same level of markdowns we have in the past. The Company estimates the net realizable value of its inventory by considering factors such as inventory levels, historical write-off information, historical and current demand trends, market conditions, estimated direct selling costs and physical condition of the inventory as well as credits that we may obtain for returned merchandise.\nOur inventory reserve estimates for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 have not been materially different than our actual experience.  However, if in the future our estimates are materially different than our actual experience we could have a material loss adjustment.\nIncome Taxes\nWe are subject to taxation from federal, state and foreign jurisdictions and the determination of our tax provision is complex and requires significant management judgment.\nWe conduct operations in numerous U.S. states and several foreign locations. Our effective tax rate depends upon the geographic distribution of our pre-tax income or losses among locations with varying tax rates and rules. As the geographic mix of our pre-tax results among various tax jurisdictions changes, the effective tax rate may vary from period to period. We are \n29\nalso subject to periodic examination from domestic and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These examinations include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. We establish as needed, and periodically reevaluate, an estimated income tax reserve on our consolidated balance sheet to provide for the possibility of adverse outcomes in income tax proceedings. While management believes that we have identified all reasonably identifiable exposures and whether or not a reserve is appropriate, it is possible that additional exposures exist and/or that exposures may be settled at amounts different than the amounts reserved. The determination of deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowances that might be necessary requires management to make significant judgments concerning the ability to realize net deferred tax assets. The realization of our net deferred tax assets is significantly dependent upon the generation of future taxable income. In estimating future taxable income there are judgments and uncertainties related to the development of forecasts of future results that may not be reliable. Significant management judgment is also necessary to evaluate the operating environment and economic conditions that exist to develop a forecast for a reporting unit. Where management has determined that it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized, we have provided a valuation allowance. If the realization of those deferred tax assets in the future is considered more likely than not, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would increase net income in the period such determination is made. We have not made any material changes to our income tax policy in the past and we do not anticipate making any material changes to this policy in the near future.\nWe do not believe it is reasonably likely that the estimates or assumptions used to determine our deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances will change materially in the future.  However, if our estimates are materially different than our actual experience we could have a material gain or loss adjustment.\nRecent Accounting Pronouncements\nFor information about recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ", "item7a": ">Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.\nWe are exposed to market risks, which include changes in U.S. and international interest rates as well as changes in currency exchange rates (principally Canadian Dollars) as measured against the U.S. Dollar and each other.\nThe translation of the financial statements of our operations located outside of the United States is impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Changes in currency exchange rates as measured against the U.S. dollar may positively or negatively affect income statement, balance sheet and cash flows as expressed in U.S. dollars.\u00a0 Sales would have fluctuated by approximately $6.5 million and pretax income would have fluctuated by approximately $0.3 million if average foreign exchange rates changed by 10% in 2021. We may enter into foreign currency options or forward exchange contracts aimed at limiting in part the impact of certain currency fluctuations, but as of December 31, 2021 we had no outstanding forward exchange contracts.\nOur exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our variable rate debt. Our variable rate debt consists of short-term borrowings under our credit facilities.\u00a0 As of December 31, 2021, there were no outstanding balances under our variable rate credit facility. A hypothetical change in average interest rates of one percentage point is not expected to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows over the next fiscal year.", "companyName": "Global Industrial Co", "cusip": "37954Y442"}