{"item1": ">Item\u00a01.\nBusiness\nThis Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements based on expectations, estimates, and projections as of the date of this filing. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. See Item\u00a01A of Part I \u2014 \u201cRisk Factors.\u201d As used herein, \u201cAmazon.com,\u201d \u201cwe,\u201d \u201cour,\u201d and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.\nGeneral\nWe seek to be Earth\u2019s most customer-centric company. We are guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. In each of our segments, we serve our primary customer sets, consisting of consumers, sellers, developers, enterprises, content creators, advertisers, and employees.\nWe have organized our operations into three segments: North America, International, and Amazon Web Services (\u201cAWS\u201d). These segments reflect the way the Company evaluates its business performance and manages its operations. Information on our net sales is contained in Item\u00a08 of Part II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 10 \u2014 Segment Information.\u201d\nConsumers\nWe serve consumers through our online and physical stores and focus on selection, price, and convenience. We design our stores to enable hundreds of millions of unique products to be sold by us and by third parties across dozens of product categories. Customers access our offerings through our websites, mobile apps, Alexa, devices, streaming, and physically visiting our stores. We also manufacture and sell electronic devices, including Kindle, Fire tablet, Fire TV, Echo, and Ring, and we develop and produce media content. We seek to offer our customers low prices, fast and free delivery, easy-to-use functionality, and timely customer service. In addition, we offer subscription services such as Amazon Prime, a membership program that includes fast, free shipping on millions of items, access to award-winning movies and series, and other benefits.\nWe fulfill customer orders in a number of ways, including through: North America and International fulfillment networks that we operate; co-sourced and outsourced arrangements in certain countries; digital delivery; and through our physical stores. We operate customer service centers globally, which are supplemented by co-sourced arrangements. See Item\u00a02 of Part\u00a0I, \u201cProperties.\u201d\nSellers\nWe offer programs that enable sellers to grow their businesses, sell their products in our stores, and fulfill orders through us. We are not the seller of record in these transactions. We earn fixed fees, a percentage of sales, per-unit activity fees, interest, or some combination thereof, for our seller programs.\nDevelopers and Enterprises\nWe serve developers and enterprises of all sizes, including start-ups, government agencies, and academic institutions, through AWS, which offers a broad set of on-demand technology services, including compute, storage, database, analytics, and machine learning, and other services. \nContent Creators\nWe serve authors and independent publishers with Kindle Direct Publishing, an online service that lets independent authors and publishers choose a royalty option and make their books available in the Kindle Store, along with Amazon\u2019s own publishing arm, Amazon Publishing. We also offer programs that allow authors, musicians, filmmakers, Twitch streamers, skill and app developers, and others to publish and sell content.\nAdvertisers\nWe provide advertising services to sellers, vendors, publishers, authors, and others, through programs such as sponsored ads, display, and video advertising.\n3\nTable of Contents\nCompetition\nOur businesses encompass a large variety of product types, service offerings, and delivery channels. The worldwide marketplace in which we compete is evolving rapidly and intensely competitive, and we face a broad array of competitors from many different industry sectors around the world. Our current and potential competitors include: (1)\u00a0physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retailers, publishers, vendors, distributors, manufacturers, and producers of the products we offer and sell to consumers and businesses; (2)\u00a0publishers, producers, and distributors of physical, digital, and interactive media of all types and all distribution channels; (3)\u00a0web search engines, comparison shopping websites, social networks, web portals, and other online and app-based means of discovering, using, or acquiring goods and services, either directly or in collaboration with other retailers; (4)\u00a0companies that provide e-commerce services, including website development and hosting, omnichannel sales, inventory and supply chain management, advertising, fulfillment, customer service, and payment processing; (5)\u00a0companies that provide fulfillment and logistics services for themselves or for third parties, whether online or offline; (6) companies that provide information technology services or products, including on-premises or cloud-based infrastructure and other services; (7)\u00a0companies that design, manufacture, market, or sell consumer electronics, telecommunication, and electronic devices; (8) companies that sell grocery products online and in physical stores; and (9) companies that provide advertising services, whether in digital or other formats. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our retail businesses include selection, price, and convenience, including fast and reliable fulfillment. Additional competitive factors for our seller and enterprise services include the quality, speed, and reliability of our services and tools, as well as customers\u2019 ability and willingness to change business practices. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, greater brand recognition, and greater control over inputs critical to our various businesses. They may secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing, pursue restrictive distribution agreements that restrict our access to supply, direct consumers to their own offerings instead of ours, lock-in potential customers with restrictive terms, and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. The Internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping, which enhances the ability of new, smaller, or lesser-known businesses to compete against us. Each of our businesses is also subject to rapid change and the development of new business models and the entry of new and well-funded competitors. Other companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions.\nIntellectual Property\nWe regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies, and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent law, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, customers, partners, and others to protect our proprietary rights. We have registered, or applied for the registration of, a number of U.S. and international domain names, trademarks, service marks, and copyrights. Additionally, we have filed U.S. and international patent applications covering certain of our proprietary technology. \nSeasonality\nOur business is affected by seasonality, which historically has resulted in higher sales volume during our fourth quarter, which ends December\u00a031. \nHuman Capital\nOur employees are critical to our mission of being Earth\u2019s most customer-centric company. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we employed approximately 1,608,000 full-time and part-time employees. Additionally, we use independent contractors and temporary personnel to supplement our workforce. Competition for qualified personnel is intense, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff, and constrained labor markets have increased competition for personnel across other parts of our business.\nAs we strive to be Earth\u2019s best employer, we focus on investment and innovation, inclusion and diversity, safety, and engagement to hire and develop the best talent. We rely on numerous and evolving initiatives to implement these objectives and invent mechanisms for talent development, including competitive pay and benefits, flexible work arrangements, and skills training and educational programs such as Amazon Career Choice (funded education for hourly employees) and the Amazon Technical Academy (software development engineer training). We also provide mentorship and support resources to our employees, and have deployed numerous programs that advance employee engagement, communication, and feedback.\n4\nTable of Contents\nAvailable Information\nOur investor relations website is amazon.com/ir and we encourage investors to use it as a way of easily finding information about us. We promptly make available on this website, free of charge, the reports that we file or furnish with the Securities and Exchange Commission (\u201cSEC\u201d), corporate governance information (including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics), and select press releases.\nExecutive Officers and Directors\nThe following tables set forth certain information regarding our Executive Officers and Directors as of January\u00a026, 2022:\nInformation About Our Executive Officers\nName\nAge\nPosition\nJeffrey P. Bezos\n58\nExecutive Chair \nAndrew R. Jassy\n54\nPresident and Chief Executive Officer\nDavid H. Clark\n49\nCEO Worldwide Consumer\nBrian T. Olsavsky\n58\nSenior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer\nShelley L. Reynolds\n57\nVice President, Worldwide Controller, and Principal Accounting Officer\nAdam N. Selipsky\n55\nCEO Amazon Web Services\nDavid A. Zapolsky\n58\nSenior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary\nJeffrey P. Bezos.\n\u00a0Mr. Bezos founded Amazon.com in 1994 and has served as Executive Chair since July 2021. He has served as Chair of the Board since 1994 and served as Chief Executive Officer from May 1996 until July 2021, and as President from 1994 until June 1999 and again from October 2000 to July 2021.\nAndrew R. Jassy.\n\u00a0Mr. Jassy has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since July 2021, CEO Amazon Web Services from April 2016 until July 2021, and Senior Vice President, Amazon Web Services, from April 2006 until April 2016.\nDavid H. Clark.\n\u00a0Mr. Clark has served as CEO Worldwide Consumer since January 2021, and Senior Vice President, Worldwide Operations, from May 2014 until January 2021.\nBrian T. Olsavsky.\n\u00a0Mr. Olsavsky has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since June 2015, Vice President, Finance for the Global Consumer Business from December 2011 to June 2015, and numerous financial leadership roles across Amazon with global responsibility since April 2002. \nShelley L. Reynolds.\u00a0\nMs.\u00a0Reynolds has served as Vice President, Worldwide Controller, and Principal Accounting Officer since April 2007.\nAdam N. Selipsky.\n\u00a0Mr. Selipsky has served as CEO Amazon Web Services since July 2021, Senior Vice President, Amazon Web Services from May 2021 until July 2021, President and CEO of Tableau Software from September 2016 until May 2021, and Vice President, Marketing, Sales and Support of Amazon Web Services from May 2005 to September 2016.\nDavid A. Zapolsky.\u00a0\nMr. Zapolsky has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary since May 2014, Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary from September 2012 to May 2014, and as Vice President and Associate General Counsel for Litigation and Regulatory matters from April 2002 until September 2012.\nBoard of Directors\nName\nAge\nPosition\nJeffrey P. Bezos\n58\nExecutive Chair \nAndrew R. Jassy\n54\nPresident and Chief Executive Officer\nKeith B. Alexander\n70\nCo-CEO, President, and Chair of IronNet Cybersecurity, Inc.\nEdith W. Cooper\n60\nFormer Executive Vice President, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.\nJamie S. Gorelick\n71\nPartner, Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP\nDaniel P. Huttenlocher\n63\nDean, MIT Schwarzman College of Computing\nJudith A. McGrath\n69\nFormer Chair and CEO, MTV Networks\nIndra K. Nooyi\n66\nFormer Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo, Inc.\nJonathan J. Rubinstein\n65\nFormer co-CEO, Bridgewater Associates, LP\nPatricia Q. Stonesifer\n65\nFormer President and Chief Executive Officer, Martha\u2019s Table\nWendell P. Weeks\n62\nChief Executive Officer, Corning Incorporated\n5\nTable of Contents", "item1a": ">Item\u00a01A.\nRisk Factors\nPlease carefully consider the following discussion of significant factors, events, and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. In addition to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting global disruptions on our business and operations discussed in Item 7 of Part II, \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,\u201d and in the risk factors below, the global economic climate and additional or unforeseen circumstances, developments, or events may give rise to or amplify many of the risks discussed below.\nBusiness and Industry Risks\nWe Face Intense Competition\nOur businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors across geographies, including cross-border competition, and in different industries, including physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail, e-commerce services, web and infrastructure computing services, electronic devices, digital content, advertising, grocery, and transportation and logistics services. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and/or greater brand recognition, particularly with our newly-launched products and services and in our newer geographic regions. They may secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing.\nCompetition continues to intensify, including with the development of new business models and the entry of new and well-funded competitors, and as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances and established companies in other market segments expand to become competitive with our business. In addition, new and enhanced technologies, including search, web and infrastructure computing services, digital content, and electronic devices continue to increase our competition. The Internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping, which enhances the ability of new, smaller, or lesser known businesses to compete against us. As a result of competition, our product and service offerings may not be successful, we may fail to gain or may lose business, and we may be required to increase our spending or lower prices, any of which could materially reduce our sales and profits.\nOur Expansion into New Products, Services, Technologies, and Geographic Regions Subjects Us to Additional Risks\nWe may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our product or service offerings. These offerings, which can present new and difficult technology challenges, may subject us to claims if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions or failures or other quality issues. In addition, profitability, if any, in our newer activities may not meet our expectations, and we may not be successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. In addition, our sustainability initiatives may be unsuccessful for a variety of reasons, including if we are unable to realize the expected benefits of new technologies or if we do not successfully plan or execute new strategies, which could harm our business or damage our reputation.\nOur International Operations Expose Us to a Number of Risks\nOur international activities are significant to our revenues and profits, and we plan to further expand internationally. In certain international market segments, we have relatively little operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. It is costly to establish, develop, and maintain international operations and stores, and promote our brand internationally. Our international operations may not become profitable on a sustained basis.\nIn addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including:\n\u2022\nlocal economic and political conditions;\n\u2022\ngovernment regulation (such as regulation of our product and service offerings and of competition); restrictive governmental actions (such as trade protection measures, including export duties and quotas and custom duties and tariffs); nationalization; and restrictions on foreign ownership;\n\u2022\nrestrictions on sales or distribution of certain products or services and uncertainty regarding liability for products, services, and content, including uncertainty as a result of less Internet-friendly legal systems, local laws, lack of legal \n6\nTable of Contents\nprecedent, and varying rules, regulations, and practices regarding the physical and digital distribution of media products and enforcement of intellectual property rights;\n\u2022\nbusiness licensing or certification requirements, such as for imports, exports, web services, and electronic devices;\n\u2022\nlimitations on the repatriation and investment of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions;\n\u2022\nlimited fulfillment and technology infrastructure;\n\u2022\nshorter payable and longer receivable cycles and the resultant negative impact on cash flow;\n\u2022\nlaws and regulations regarding privacy, data use, data protection, data security, network security, consumer protection, payments, advertising, and restrictions on pricing or discounts;\n\u2022\nlower levels of use of the Internet;\n\u2022\nlower levels of consumer spending and fewer opportunities for growth compared to the U.S.;\n\u2022\nlower levels of credit card usage and increased payment risk;\n\u2022\ndifficulty in staffing, developing, and managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural differences;\n\u2022\ndifferent employee/employer relationships and the existence of works councils and labor unions;\n\u2022\ncompliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable U.S. and foreign laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials and other third parties;\n\u2022\nlaws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade, foreign investment, loans, and taxes; and\n\u2022\ngeopolitical events, including war and terrorism.\nAs international physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail, cloud services, and other services grow, competition will intensify, including through adoption of evolving business models. Local companies may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, the local customer, as well as their more established local brand names. The inability to hire, train, retain, and manage sufficient required personnel may limit our international growth.\nThe People\u2019s Republic of China (\u201cPRC\u201d) and India regulate Amazon\u2019s and its affiliates\u2019 businesses and operations in country through regulations and license requirements that may restrict (i)\u00a0foreign investment in and operation of the Internet, IT infrastructure, data centers, retail, delivery, and other sectors, (ii)\u00a0Internet content, and (iii)\u00a0the sale of media and other products and services. For example, in order to meet local ownership, regulatory licensing, and cybersecurity requirements, we provide certain technology services in China through contractual relationships with third parties that hold PRC licenses to provide services. In India, the government restricts the ownership or control of Indian companies by foreign entities involved in online multi-brand retail trading activities. For www.amazon.in, we provide certain marketing tools and logistics services to third-party sellers to enable them to sell online and deliver to customers, and we hold indirect minority interests in entities that are third-party sellers on the www.amazon.in marketplace. Although we believe these structures and activities comply with existing laws, they involve unique risks, and the PRC and India may from time to time consider and implement additional changes in their regulatory, licensing, or other requirements that could impact these structures and activities. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation of PRC and Indian laws and regulations, and it is possible that these governments will ultimately take a view contrary to ours. In addition, our Chinese and Indian businesses and operations may be unable to continue to operate if we or our affiliates are unable to access sufficient funding or, in China, enforce contractual relationships we or our affiliates have in place. Violation of any existing or future PRC, Indian, or other laws or regulations or changes in the interpretations of those laws and regulations could result in our businesses in those countries being subject to fines and other financial penalties, having licenses revoked, or being forced to restructure our operations or shut down entirely. \nThe Variability in Our Retail Business Places Increased Strain on Our Operations\nDemand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events, such as in response to natural or human-caused disasters (including public health crises) or extreme weather (including as a result of climate change), or geopolitical events. For example, we expect a disproportionate amount of our retail sales to occur during our fourth quarter. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts such that we fail to meet customer demand could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth. When we overstock products, we may be required to take significant inventory markdowns or write-offs and incur commitment costs, which could materially reduce profitability. We regularly experience increases in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the holiday season. If too many customers access our websites within a short period of time due to increased demand, we may experience system interruptions that make our websites unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we offer or sell and the attractiveness of our products and services. In addition, we may be unable \n7\nTable of Contents\nto adequately staff our fulfillment network and customer service centers during these peak periods and delivery and other fulfillment companies and customer service co-sourcers may be unable to meet the seasonal demand. Risks described elsewhere in this Item\u00a01A relating to fulfillment network optimization and inventory are magnified during periods of high demand.\nWe generally have payment terms with our retail vendors that extend beyond the amount of time necessary to collect proceeds from our consumer customers. As a result of holiday sales, as of December\u00a031 of each year, our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances typically reach their highest level (other than as a result of cash flows provided by or used in investing and financing activities). This operating cycle results in a corresponding increase in accounts payable as of December\u00a031. Our accounts payable balance generally declines during the first three months of the year, resulting in a corresponding decline in our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances.\nWe Are Impacted by Fraudulent or Unlawful Activities of Sellers\nThe law relating to the liability of online service providers is currently unsettled. In addition, governmental agencies have in the past and could in the future require changes in the way this business is conducted. Under our seller programs, we maintain policies and processes designed to prevent sellers from collecting payments, fraudulently or otherwise, when buyers never receive the products they ordered or when the products received are materially different from the sellers\u2019 descriptions, and to prevent sellers in our stores or through other stores from selling unlawful, counterfeit, pirated, or stolen goods, selling goods in an unlawful or unethical manner, violating the proprietary rights of others, or otherwise violating our policies. When these policies and processes are circumvented or fail to operate sufficiently, it can harm our business or damage our reputation and we could face civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities by our sellers. Under our A2Z Guarantee, we reimburse buyers for payments up to certain limits in these situations, and as our third-party seller sales grow, the cost of this program will increase and could negatively affect our operating results. \nWe Face Risks Related to Adequately Protecting Our Intellectual Property Rights and Being Accused of Infringing Intellectual Property Rights of Third Parties\nWe regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology, and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, customers, and others to protect our proprietary rights. Effective intellectual property protection is not available in every country in which our products and services are made available. We also may not be able to acquire or maintain appropriate domain names in all countries in which we do business. Furthermore, regulations governing domain names may not protect our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights.\nWe are not always able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. Actions taken by third parties that license our proprietary rights may materially diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. The protection of our intellectual property requires the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property do not always adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights.\nWe have been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, claims and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us of the intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, have in the past, and may in the future, result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us, or significant payments for damages, including to satisfy indemnification obligations or to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we have infringed their rights. Such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims.\nOur digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology to control access to digital content. Breach or malfunctioning of the digital rights management technology that we use could subject us to claims, and content providers may be unwilling to include their content in our service.\nWe Have Foreign Exchange Risk\nThe results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our international stores and product and service offerings are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Due to these fluctuations, operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. As we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. We also hold cash equivalents and/or marketable securities in foreign currencies such as British Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Euros, and \n8\nTable of Contents\nJapanese Yen. When the U.S.\u00a0Dollar strengthens compared to these currencies, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, when translated, may be materially less than expected and vice versa.\nOperating Risks\nOur Expansion Places a Significant Strain on our Management, Operational, Financial, and Other Resources\nWe are continuing to rapidly and significantly expand our global operations, including increasing our product and service offerings and scaling our infrastructure to support our retail and services businesses. The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. Failure to manage growth effectively could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results.\nWe Experience Significant Fluctuations in Our Operating Results and Growth Rate\nWe are not always able to accurately forecast our growth rate. We base our expense levels and investment plans on sales estimates. A significant portion of our expenses and investments is fixed, and we are not always able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less than expected.\nOur revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. Our revenue and operating profit growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our sellers, and our business is affected by general economic and business conditions worldwide. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies, may result in decreased revenue or growth.\nOur sales and operating results will also fluctuate for many other reasons, including due to factors described elsewhere in this section and the following:\n\u2022\nour ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers\u2019 demands;\n\u2022\nour ability to retain and expand our network of sellers;\n\u2022\nour ability to offer products on favorable terms, manage inventory, and fulfill orders;\n\u2022\nthe introduction of competitive stores, websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements;\n\u2022\nchanges in usage or adoption rates of the Internet, e-commerce, electronic devices, and web services, including outside the U.S.;\n\u2022\ntiming, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades of our systems and infrastructure;\n\u2022\nthe success of our geographic, service, and product line expansions;\n\u2022\nthe extent to which we finance, and the terms of any such financing for, our current operations and future growth;\n\u2022\nthe outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, which may include significant monetary damages or injunctive relief and could have a material adverse impact on our operating results;\n\u2022\nvariations in the mix of products and services we sell;\n\u2022\nvariations in our level of merchandise and vendor returns;\n\u2022\nthe extent to which we offer fast and free delivery, continue to reduce prices worldwide, and provide additional benefits to our customers;\n\u2022\nfactors affecting our reputation or brand image (including any actual or perceived inability to achieve our goals or commitments, whether related to sustainability, customers, employees, or other topics);\n\u2022\nthe extent to which we invest in technology and content, fulfillment, and other expense categories;\n\u2022\nincreases in the prices of fuel and gasoline, energy products, commodities like paper and packing supplies and hardware products, and technology infrastructure products;\n\u2022\nconstrained labor markets, which increase our payroll costs;\n\u2022\nthe extent to which operators of the networks between our customers and our stores successfully charge fees to grant our customers unimpaired and unconstrained access to our online services;\n\u2022\nour ability to collect amounts owed to us when they become due;\n\u2022\nthe extent to which new and existing technologies, or industry trends, restrict online advertising or affect our ability to customize advertising or otherwise tailor our product and service offerings;\n9\nTable of Contents\n\u2022\nthe extent to which use of our services is affected by spyware, viruses, phishing and other spam emails, denial of service attacks, data theft, computer intrusions, outages, and similar events; and\n\u2022\ndisruptions from natural or human-caused disasters (including public health crises) or extreme weather (including as a result of climate change), geopolitical events and security issues (including terrorist attacks and armed hostilities), labor or trade disputes, and similar events.\nWe Face Risks Related to Successfully Optimizing and Operating Our Fulfillment Network and Data Centers\nFailures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers successfully from time to time result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or data center capacity, service interruptions, increased costs, and impairment charges, any of which could materially harm our business. As we continue to add fulfillment and data center capability or add new businesses with different requirements, our fulfillment and data center networks become increasingly complex and operating them becomes more challenging. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our networks effectively.\nIn addition, failure to optimize inventory or staffing in our fulfillment network increases our net shipping cost by requiring long-zone or partial shipments. We and our co-sourcers may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment network and customer service centers. For example, productivity across our fulfillment network currently is being affected by global supply chain constraints and constrained labor markets, which increase payroll costs and make it difficult to hire, train, and deploy a sufficient number of people to operate our fulfillment network as efficiently as we would like. We are also subject to labor union efforts to organize groups of our employees from time to time and, if successful, those organizational efforts may decrease our operational flexibility, which could adversely affect our fulfillment network operating efficiency.\nUnder some of our commercial agreements, we maintain the inventory of other companies, thereby increasing the complexity of tracking inventory and operating our fulfillment network. Our failure to properly handle such inventory or the inability of the other businesses on whose behalf we perform inventory fulfillment services to accurately forecast product demand may result in us being unable to secure sufficient storage space or to optimize our fulfillment network or cause other unexpected costs and other harm to our business and reputation.\nWe rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. An inability to negotiate acceptable terms with these companies or performance problems, staffing limitations, or other difficulties experienced by these companies or by our own transportation systems, including as a result of labor market constraints and related costs, could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected by natural or human-caused disasters (including public health crises) or extreme weather (including as a result of climate change), geopolitical events and security issues, labor or trade disputes, and similar events.\nWe Could Be Harmed by Data Loss or Other Security Breaches\nBecause we collect, process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and business and personal information, failure to prevent or mitigate data loss, theft, misuse, or other security breaches or vulnerabilities affecting our or our vendors\u2019 or customers\u2019 technology, products, and systems, could: expose us or our customers to a risk of loss, disclosure, or misuse of such information; adversely affect our operating results; result in litigation, liability, or regulatory action (including under laws related to privacy, data use, data protection, data security, network security, and consumer protection); deter customers or sellers from using our stores, products, and services; and otherwise harm our business and reputation. We use third-party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions. Some of our systems have experienced past security breaches, and, although they did not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, there can be no assurance that future incidents will not have material adverse effects on our operations or financial results. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer data and prevent such incidents, including systems and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party vendor or customer, such measures cannot provide absolute security and may fail to operate as intended or be circumvented.\nWe Face Risks Related to System Interruption and Lack of Redundancy\nWe experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us from efficiently accepting or fulfilling orders or providing services to customers and third parties, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. Steps we take to add software and hardware, upgrade our systems and network infrastructure, and improve the stability and efficiency of our systems may not be sufficient to avoid system interruptions or delays that could adversely affect our operating results.\n10\nTable of Contents\nOur computer and communications systems and operations in the past have been, or in the future could be, damaged or interrupted due to events such as natural or human-caused disasters (including public health crises) or extreme weather (including as a result of climate change), geopolitical events and security issues (including terrorist attacks and armed hostilities), computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, operational failures, and similar events or disruptions. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing services, which could make our product and service offerings less attractive and subject us to liability. Our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. In addition, our insurance may not provide sufficient coverage to compensate for related losses. Any of these events could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy.\nThe Loss of Key Senior Management Personnel or the Failure to Hire and Retain Highly Skilled and Other Key Personnel Could Negatively Affect Our Business\nWe depend on our senior management and other key personnel, including our President and CEO. We do not have \u201ckey person\u201d life insurance policies. We also rely on other highly skilled personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in the industries in which we operate, as well as senior management, has historically been intense. For example, we experience significant competition in the technology industry, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff. In addition, changes we make to our current and future work environments may not meet the needs or expectations of our employees or may be perceived as less favorable compared to other companies\u2019 policies, which could negatively impact our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees, the failure to successfully transition key roles, or the inability to hire, train, retain, and manage qualified personnel, could harm our business.\nOur Supplier Relationships Subject Us to a Number of Risks\nWe have significant suppliers, including content and technology licensors, and in some cases, limited or single-sources of supply, that are important to our sourcing, services, manufacturing, and any related ongoing servicing of merchandise and content. We do not have long-term arrangements with most of our suppliers to guarantee availability of merchandise, content, components, or services, particular payment terms, or the extension of credit limits. Decisions by our current suppliers to limit or stop selling or licensing merchandise, content, components, or services to us on acceptable terms, or delay delivery, including as a result of one or more supplier bankruptcies due to poor economic conditions, as a result of natural or human-caused disasters (including public health crises), or for other reasons, may result in our being unable to procure alternatives from other suppliers in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, violations by our suppliers or other vendors of applicable laws, regulations, contractual terms, intellectual property rights of others, or our Supply Chain Standards, as well as products or practices regarded as unethical, unsafe, or hazardous, could expose us to claims, damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results.\nOur Commercial Agreements, Strategic Alliances, and Other Business Relationships Expose Us to Risks\nWe provide physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail, cloud services, and other services to businesses through commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and business relationships. Under these agreements, we provide web services, technology, fulfillment, computing, digital storage, and other services, as well as enable sellers to offer products or services through our stores. These arrangements are complex and require substantial infrastructure capacity, personnel, and other resource commitments, which may limit the amount of business we can service. We may not be able to implement, maintain, and develop the components of these commercial relationships, which may include web services, fulfillment, customer service, inventory management, tax collection, payment processing, hardware, content, and third-party software, and engaging third parties to perform services. The amount of compensation we receive under certain of our commercial agreements is partially dependent on the volume of the other company\u2019s sales. Therefore, when the other company\u2019s offerings are not successful, the compensation we receive may be lower than expected or the agreement may be terminated. Moreover, we may not be able to enter into additional or alternative commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms. We also may be subject to claims from businesses to which we provide these services if we are unsuccessful in implementing, maintaining, or developing these services.\nAs our agreements terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable terms, or at all. We may in the future enter into amendments on less favorable terms or encounter parties that have difficulty meeting their contractual obligations to us, which could adversely affect our operating results.\nOur present and future commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and business relationships create additional risks such as:\n\u2022\ndisruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses;\n\u2022\nimpairment of other relationships;\n11\nTable of Contents\n\u2022\nvariability in revenue and income from entering into, amending, or terminating such agreements or relationships; and\n\u2022\ndifficulty integrating under the commercial agreements.\nOur Business Suffers When We Are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Acquisitions and Investments\nWe have acquired and invested in a number of companies, and we may in the future acquire or invest in or enter into joint ventures with additional companies. These transactions create risks such as:\n\u2022\ndisruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses;\n\u2022\nproblems retaining key personnel;\n\u2022\nadditional operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested;\n\u2022\nthe potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets and goodwill, including as a result of acquisitions;\n\u2022\nthe potential impairment of customer and other relationships of the company we acquired or in which we invested or our own customers as a result of any integration of operations;\n\u2022\nthe difficulty of completing such transactions and achieving anticipated benefits within expected timeframes, or at all; \n\u2022\nthe difficulty of incorporating acquired operations, technology, and rights into our offerings, and unanticipated expenses related to such integration;\n\u2022\nthe difficulty of integrating a new company\u2019s accounting, financial reporting, management, information and data security, human resource, and other administrative systems to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not successfully implemented;\n\u2022\nlosses we may incur as a result of declines in the value of an investment or as a result of incorporating an investee\u2019s financial performance into our financial results;\n\u2022\nfor investments in which an investee\u2019s financial performance is incorporated into our financial results, either in full or in part, or investments for which we are required to file financial statements or provide financial information, the dependence on the investee\u2019s accounting, financial reporting, and similar systems, controls, and processes;\n\u2022\nthe difficulty of implementing at companies we acquire the controls, procedures, and policies appropriate for a larger public company;\n\u2022\nthe risks associated with businesses we acquire or invest in, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our other businesses face;\n\u2022\npotential unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest; and\n\u2022\nfor foreign transactions, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and the economic, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.\nAs a result of future acquisitions or mergers, we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses related to intangible assets, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business or only be available on unfavorable terms, if at all. In addition, valuations supporting our acquisitions and strategic investments could change rapidly. We could determine that such valuations have experienced impairments or other-than-temporary declines in fair value which could adversely impact our financial results.\nWe Face Significant Inventory Risk\nIn addition to risks described elsewhere in this Item\u00a01A relating to fulfillment network and inventory optimization by us and third parties, we are exposed to significant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, defective merchandise, changes in consumer demand and consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our products, spoilage, and other factors. We endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or understocking products we manufacture and/or sell. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. In addition, when we begin selling or manufacturing a new product, it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product or component selection, and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of inventory or components requires significant lead-time and prepayment and they may not be returnable. We carry a broad selection and significant inventory levels of certain products, such as consumer electronics, and at times we are unable to sell products in sufficient quantities or to meet demand during the relevant selling seasons. Any one of the inventory risk factors set forth above may adversely affect our operating results.\n12\nTable of Contents\nWe Are Subject to Payments-Related Risks\nWe accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, credit accounts (including promotional financing), gift cards, direct debit from a customer\u2019s bank account, consumer invoicing, physical bank check, and payment upon delivery. For existing and future payment options we offer to our customers, we currently are subject to, and may become subject to additional, regulations and compliance requirements (including obligations to implement enhanced authentication processes that could result in significant costs and reduce the ease of use of our payments products), as well as fraud. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. We rely on third parties to provide certain Amazon-branded payment methods and payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, and promotional financing. In each case, it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We also offer co-branded credit card programs, which could adversely affect our operating results if renewed on less favorable terms or terminated. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. Failure to comply with these rules or requirements, as well as any breach, compromise, or failure to otherwise detect or prevent fraudulent activity involving our data security systems, could result in our being liable for card issuing banks\u2019 costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and loss of our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.\nIn addition, we provide regulated services in certain jurisdictions because we enable customers to keep account balances with us and transfer money to third parties, and because we provide services to third parties to facilitate payments on their behalf. Jurisdictions subject us to requirements for licensing, regulatory inspection, bonding and capital maintenance, the use, handling, and segregation of transferred funds, consumer disclosures, maintaining or processing data, and authentication. We are also subject to or voluntarily comply with a number of other laws and regulations relating to payments, money laundering, international money transfers, privacy, data use, data protection, data security, network security, consumer protection, and electronic fund transfers. If we were found to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to additional requirements and civil and criminal penalties, or forced to cease providing certain services.\nWe Have a Rapidly Evolving Business Model and Our Stock Price Is Highly Volatile\nWe have a rapidly evolving business model. The trading price of our common stock fluctuates significantly in response to, among other risks, the risks described elsewhere in this Item\u00a01A, as well as:\n\u2022\nchanges in interest rates;\n\u2022\nconditions or trends in the Internet and the industry segments we operate in;\n\u2022\nquarterly variations in operating results;\n\u2022\nfluctuations in the stock market in general and market prices for Internet-related companies in particular;\n\u2022\nchanges in financial estimates by us or decisions to increase or decrease future spending or investment levels; \n\u2022\nchanges in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts;\n\u2022\nchanges in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt or equity to the public;\n\u2022\nchanges in the valuation methodology of, or performance by, other e-commerce or technology companies; and\n\u2022\ntransactions in our common stock by major investors and certain analyst reports, news, and speculation.\nVolatility in our stock price could adversely affect our business and financing opportunities and force us to increase our cash compensation to employees or grant larger stock awards than we have historically, which could hurt our operating results or reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders, or both.\nLegal and Regulatory Risks\nGovernment Regulation Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business\nWe are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet, physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail, digital content, web services, electronic devices, advertising, artificial intelligence technologies and services, and other products and services that we offer or sell. These regulations and laws cover taxation, privacy, data use, data protection, data security, network security, consumer protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, transportation, mobile communications, electronic device certification, electronic waste, energy consumption, environmental regulation, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, employment, trade and protectionist measures, web services, the provision of online payment services, registration, licensing, and information reporting \n13\nTable of Contents\nrequirements, unencumbered Internet access to our services or access to our facilities, the design and operation of websites, health, safety, and sanitation standards, the characteristics, legality, and quality of products and services, product labeling, the commercial operation of unmanned aircraft systems, healthcare, and other matters. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel, privacy, data use, data protection, data security, network security, and consumer protection apply to aspects of our operations such as the Internet, e-commerce, digital content, web services, electronic devices, advertising, and artificial intelligence technologies and services. A large number of jurisdictions regulate our operations, and the extent, nature, and scope of such regulations is evolving and expanding as the scope of our businesses expand. We are regularly subject to formal and informal reviews and investigations by governments and regulatory authorities under existing laws, regulations, or interpretations or pursuing new and novel approaches to regulate our operations. For example, we face a number of open investigations based on claims that aspects of our operations violate competition rules, including aspects of Amazon\u2019s European marketplace for sellers, particularly with respect to use of data, fulfillment services, and featured offers. Unfavorable regulations, laws, decisions, or interpretations by government or regulatory authorities applying those laws and regulations, or inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions threatened or initiated by them, could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil and criminal liability or penalties (including substantial monetary fines), diminish the demand for, or availability of, our products and services, increase our cost of doing business, require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business, damage our reputation, impede our growth, or otherwise have a material effect on our operations. The media, political, and regulatory scrutiny we face, which may continue to increase, amplifies these risks. \nClaims, Litigation, Government Investigations, and Other Proceedings May Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of Operations\nAs an innovative company offering a wide range of consumer and business products and services around the world, we are regularly subject to actual and threatened claims, litigation, reviews, investigations, and other proceedings, including proceedings by governments and regulatory authorities, involving a wide range of issues, including patent and other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, privacy, data use, data protection, data security, network security, consumer protection, commercial disputes, goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other matters. The number and scale of these proceedings have increased over time as our businesses have expanded in scope and geographic reach and our products, services, and operations have become more complex and available to, and used by, more people. Any of these types of proceedings can have an adverse effect on us because of legal costs, disruption of our operations, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, and other factors. The outcomes of these matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties.\u00a0Determining legal reserves or possible losses from such matters involves judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. Until the final resolution of such matters, we may be exposed to losses in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings, including as a result of a settlement, could involve licenses, sanctions, consent decrees, or orders requiring us to make substantial future payments, preventing us from offering certain products or services, requiring us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business, requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies, damaging our reputation, or otherwise having a material effect on our operations. \nWe Are Subject to Product Liability Claims When People or Property Are Harmed by the Products We Sell or Manufacture\nSome of the products we sell or manufacture expose us to product liability or food safety claims relating to personal injury or illness, death, or environmental or property damage, and can require product recalls or other actions. Third parties who sell products using our services and stores also expose us to product liability claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Although we impose contractual terms on sellers that are intended to prohibit sales of certain type of products, we may not be able to detect, enforce, or collect sufficient damages for breaches of such agreements. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product liability.\nWe Face Additional Tax Liabilities and Collection Obligations\nWe are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection obligations in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. We may recognize additional tax expense and be subject to additional tax liabilities, including other liabilities for tax collection obligations due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. Such changes could come about as a result of economic, political, and other conditions. An increasing number of jurisdictions are considering or have adopted laws or administrative practices that impose new tax measures, including revenue-based taxes, targeting online commerce and the remote selling of goods and services. These include new obligations to collect sales, \n14\nTable of Contents\nconsumption, value added, or other taxes on online marketplaces and remote sellers, or other requirements that may result in liability for third party obligations. For example, non-U.S. jurisdictions have proposed or enacted taxes on online advertising and marketplace service revenues. Proliferation of these or similar unilateral tax measures may continue unless broader international tax reform is implemented. Our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional taxes imposed on us prospectively or retroactively or additional taxes or penalties resulting from the failure to comply with any collection obligations or failure to provide information about our customers, suppliers, and other third parties for tax reporting purposes to various government agencies. In some cases we also may not have sufficient notice to enable us to build systems and adopt processes to properly comply with new reporting or collection obligations by the effective date.\nOur tax expense and liabilities are also affected by other factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions, investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special or extraterritorial tax regimes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, changes to our forecasts of income and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, and changes in our tax assets and liabilities and their valuation. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax expense, assets, and liabilities.\nWe are also subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions that can result in tax assessments against us. Developments in an audit, investigation, or other tax controversy can have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical tax accruals.\nWe Are Subject to Risks Related to Government Contracts and Related Procurement Regulations\nOur contracts with U.S., as well as state, local, and foreign, government entities are subject to various procurement regulations and other requirements relating to their formation, administration, and performance. We are subject to audits and investigations relating to our government contracts, and any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contract, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of fines, and suspension or debarment from future government business. In addition, some of these contracts are subject to periodic funding approval and/or provide for termination by the government at any time, without cause.", "item7": ">Item\u00a07.\nManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\nForward-Looking Statements\nThis Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance, industry prospects, or future results of operations or financial position, made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management\u2019s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including, among others, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic conditions and customer spending, inflation, labor market and global supply chain constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of claims, litigation, government investigations, and other proceedings, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of inventory management, variability in demand, the degree to which we enter into, maintain, and develop commercial agreements, proposed and completed acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of fulfillment throughput and productivity. In addition, the global economic climate and additional or unforeseen effects from the COVID-19 pandemic amplify many of these risks. These risks and uncertainties, as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results or outcomes to differ significantly from management\u2019s expectations, are described in greater detail in Item\u00a01A of Part\u00a0I, \u201cRisk Factors.\u201d\nOverview\nOur primary source of revenue is the sale of a wide range of products and services to customers. \nThe products offered through our stores include merchandise and content we have purchased for resale and products offered by third-party sellers, and we also manufacture and sell electronic devices and produce media content. Generally, we recognize gross revenue from items we sell from our inventory as product sales and recognize our net share of revenue of items sold by third-party sellers as service sales. We seek to increase unit sales across our stores, through increased product selection, across numerous product categories. We also offer other services such as compute, storage, and database offerings, fulfillment, advertising, publishing, and digital content subscriptions.\nOur financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows. \nFree cash flows are driven primarily by increasing operating income and efficiently managing accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, and cash capital expenditures, including our decision to purchase or lease property and equipment. Increases in operating income primarily result from increases in sales of products and services and efficiently managing our operating costs, partially offset by investments we make in longer-term strategic initiatives, including capital expenditures focused on improving the customer experience. To increase sales of products and services, we focus on improving all aspects of the customer experience, including lowering prices, improving availability, offering faster delivery and performance times, increasing selection, producing original content, increasing product categories and service offerings, expanding product information, improving ease of use, improving reliability, and earning customer trust. See \u201cResults of Operations \u2014 Non-GAAP Financial Measures\u201d below for additional information on our non-GAAP free cash flows financial measures.\nWe seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. \nOur variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, picking, packaging, and preparing orders for shipment, transportation, customer service support, costs necessary to run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. Our fixed costs include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our online stores, web services, electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment networks and related facilities. Variable costs generally change directly with sales volume, while fixed costs generally are dependent on the timing of capacity needs, geographic expansion, category expansion, and other factors. To decrease our variable costs on a per unit basis and enable us to lower prices for customers, we seek to increase our direct sourcing, increase discounts from suppliers, and reduce defects in our processes. To minimize unnecessary growth in fixed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies and maintain a lean culture.\nBecause of our model we are able to turn our inventory quickly and have a cash-generating operating cycle\n1\n.\n On average, our high inventory velocity means we generally collect from consumers before our payments to suppliers come due. We expect variability in inventory turnover over time since it is affected by numerous factors, including our product mix, the mix of sales \n1\n The operating cycle is the number of days of sales in inventory plus the number of days of sales in accounts receivable minus accounts payable days.\n18\nTable of Contents\nby us and by third-party sellers, our continuing focus on in-stock inventory availability and selection of product offerings, our investment in new geographies and product lines, and the extent to which we choose to utilize third-party fulfillment providers. We also expect some variability in accounts payable days over time since they are affected by several factors, including the mix of product sales, the mix of sales by third-party sellers, the mix of suppliers, seasonality, and changes in payment terms over time, including the effect of balancing pricing and timing of payment terms with suppliers.\nWe expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. \nWe believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users\u2019 experience on the Internet and increase its ubiquity in people\u2019s lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances in technology, we are investing in AWS, which offers a broad set of on-demand technology services, including compute, storage, database, analytics, and machine learning, and other services, to developers and enterprises of all sizes. We are also investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices. \nWe seek to efficiently manage shareholder dilution while maintaining the flexibility to issue shares for strategic purposes, such as financings, acquisitions, and aligning employee compensation with shareholders\u2019 interests. \nWe utilize restricted stock units as our primary vehicle for equity compensation because we believe this compensation model aligns\u00a0the long-term interests of our shareholders and employees. In measuring shareholder dilution, we include all vested and unvested stock awards outstanding, without regard to estimated forfeitures. Total shares outstanding plus outstanding stock awards were 518 million and 523 million as of December\u00a031, 2020 and 2021.\nOur financial reporting currency is the U.S.\u00a0Dollar and changes in foreign exchange rates significantly affect our reported results and consolidated trends.\n For example, if the U.S.\u00a0Dollar weakens year-over-year relative to currencies in our international locations, our consolidated net sales and operating expenses will be higher than if currencies had remained constant. Likewise, if the U.S.\u00a0Dollar strengthens year-over-year relative to currencies in our international locations, our consolidated net sales and operating expenses will be lower than if currencies had remained constant. We believe that our increasing diversification beyond the U.S. economy through our growing international businesses benefits our shareholders over the long-term. We also believe it is useful to evaluate our operating results and growth rates before and after the effect of currency changes.\nIn addition, the remeasurement of our intercompany balances can result in significant gains and losses associated with the effect of movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Currency volatilities may continue, which may significantly impact (either positively or negatively) our reported results and consolidated trends and comparisons.\nFor additional information about each line item addressed above, refer to Item\u00a08 of Part II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 1 \u2014 Description of Business, Accounting Policies, and Supplemental Disclosures.\u201d\nOur Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 includes a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December\u00a031, 2019 in Item 7 of Part II, \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.\u201d\nCritical Accounting Judgments\nThe preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States (\u201cGAAP\u201d) requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The SEC has defined a company\u2019s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company\u2019s\u00a0financial condition and results of operations, and which require the company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results. For additional information, see Item\u00a08 of Part II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 1 \u2014 Description of Business, Accounting Policies, and Supplemental Disclosures.\u201d Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information presently available. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments, or conditions.\n19\nTable of Contents\nInventories\nInventories, consisting of products available for sale, are primarily accounted for using the first-in first-out method, and are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This valuation requires us to make judgments, based on currently available information, about the likely method of disposition, such as through sales to individual customers, returns to product vendors, or liquidations, and expected recoverable values of each disposition category. These assumptions about future disposition of inventory are inherently uncertain and changes in our estimates and assumptions may cause us to realize material write-downs in the future. As a measure of sensitivity, for every 1% of additional inventory valuation allowance as of December\u00a031, 2021, we would have recorded an additional cost of sales of approximately $370\u00a0million.\nIn addition, we enter into supplier commitments for certain electronic device components and certain products. These commitments are based on forecasted customer demand. If we reduce these commitments, we may incur additional costs.\nIncome Taxes\nWe are subject to income taxes in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In addition, our actual and forecasted earnings are subject to change due to economic, political, and other conditions and significant judgment is required in determining our ability to use our deferred tax assets. \nOur effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions, investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings, including earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special tax regimes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, changes to our forecasts of income and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, changes in the laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. In addition, a number of countries have enacted or are actively pursuing changes to their tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. \nWe are also currently subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions, and these jurisdictions may assess additional income tax liabilities against us. Developments in an audit, investigation, or other tax controversy could have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals.\nLiquidity and Capital Resources\nCash flow information is as follows (in millions):\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nYear Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2020\n2021\nCash provided by (used in):\nOperating activities\n$\n66,064\u00a0\n$\n46,327\u00a0\nInvesting activities\n(59,611)\n(58,154)\nFinancing activities\n(1,104)\n6,291\u00a0\nOur principal sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, which, at fair value, were $84.4 billion and $96.0 billion as of December\u00a031, 2020 and 2021. Amounts held in foreign currencies were $23.5 billion and $22.7 billion as of December\u00a031, 2020 and 2021, and were primarily British Pounds, Euros, Japanese Yen, and Canadian Dollars. \nCash provided by (used in) operating activities was $66.1 billion and $46.3 billion in 2020 and 2021. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our consumer, seller, developer, enterprise, and content creator customers, and advertisers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, payment processing and related transaction costs, operating leases, and interest payments on our long-term obligations. Cash received from our customers and other activities generally corresponds to our net sales. Because consumers primarily use credit cards to buy from us, our receivables from consumers settle quickly. The decrease in operating cash flow in 2021, compared to the prior year, was \n20\nTable of Contents\nprimarily due to changes in working capital, partially offset by the increase in net income, excluding non-cash expenses. Working capital at any specific point in time is subject to many variables, including variability in demand, inventory management and category expansion, the timing of cash receipts and payments, vendor payment terms, and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.\nCash provided by (used in) investing activities corresponds with cash capital expenditures, including leasehold improvements, incentives received from property and equipment vendors, proceeds from asset sales, cash outlays for acquisitions, investments in other companies and intellectual property rights, and purchases, sales, and maturities of marketable securities. Cash provided by (used in) investing activities was $(59.6) billion and $(58.2) billion in 2020 and 2021, with the variability caused primarily by our decision to purchase or lease property and equipment and purchases, sales, and maturities of marketable securities. Cash capital expenditures were $35.0 billion, and $55.4 billion in 2020 and 2021, which primarily reflect investments in additional capacity to support our fulfillment operations and in support of continued business growth in technology infrastructure (the majority of which is to support AWS), which investments we expect to continue over time. We made cash payments, net of acquired cash, related to acquisition and other investment activity of $2.3 billion and $2.0 billion in 2020 and 2021.\nCash provided by (used in) financing activities was $(1.1) billion and $6.3 billion in 2020 and 2021. Cash inflows from financing activities resulted from proceeds from short-term debt, and other and long-term-debt of $17.3 billion and $27.0 billion in 2020 and 2021. Cash outflows from financing activities resulted from payments of short-term debt, and other, long-term debt, finance leases, and financing obligations of $18.4 billion and $20.7 billion in 2020 and 2021. Property and equipment acquired under finance leases was $11.6 billion and $7.1 billion in 2020 and 2021, reflecting investments in support of continued business growth primarily due to investments in technology infrastructure for AWS.\nWe had no borrowings outstanding under the unsecured revolving credit facility, $725 million of borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper programs, and $803 million of borrowings outstanding under our secured revolving credit facility (the \u201cCredit Facility\u201d) as of December\u00a031, 2021. See Item\u00a08 of Part II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 6 \u2014 Debt\u201d for additional information.\u00a0\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries were $7.6 billion. We intend to invest substantially all of our foreign subsidiary earnings, as well as our capital in our foreign subsidiaries, indefinitely outside of the U.S. in those jurisdictions in which we would incur significant, additional costs upon repatriation of such amounts.\nTax benefits relating to excess stock-based compensation deductions and accelerated depreciation deductions are reducing our U.S. taxable income. U.S. tax rules provide for enhanced accelerated depreciation deductions by allowing the election of full expensing of qualified property, primarily equipment, through 2022. Our federal tax provision included the election of full expensing of qualified property for 2019 and a partial election for 2020 and 2021. Cash taxes paid (net of refunds) were $1.7 billion and $3.7 billion for 2020 and 2021. Effective January 1, 2022, research and development expenses are required to be capitalized and amortized for U.S. tax purposes, which will delay the deductibility of these expenses and potentially increase the amount of cash taxes we pay. \nAs of December\u00a031, 2020 and 2021, restricted cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $257 million and $260 million. See Item\u00a08 of Part II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 6 \u2014 Debt\u201d and \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 7 \u2014 Commitments and Contingencies\u201d for additional discussion of our principal contractual commitments, as well as our pledged assets. Additionally, we have purchase obligations and open purchase orders, including for inventory and capital expenditures, that support normal operations and are primarily due in the next twelve months. These purchase obligations and open purchase orders are generally cancellable in full or in part through the contractual provisions.\nWe believe that cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, as well as our borrowing arrangements, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next twelve months. However, any projections of future cash needs and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. See Item\u00a01A of Part I, \u201cRisk Factors.\u201d We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, obtain finance and operating lease arrangements, enter into financing obligations, repurchase common stock, pay dividends, or repurchase, refinance, or otherwise restructure our debt for strategic reasons or to further strengthen our financial position. We expect to fund the acquisition of MGM Holdings Inc. with cash on hand. \nThe sale of additional equity or convertible debt securities would be dilutive to our shareholders. In addition, we will, from time to time, consider the acquisition of, or investment in, complementary businesses, products, services, capital infrastructure, and technologies, which might affect our liquidity requirements or cause us to secure additional financing, or issue additional equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that additional credit lines or financing instruments will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.\n21\nTable of Contents\nResults of Operations\nWe have organized our operations into three segments: North America, International, and AWS. These segments reflect the way the Company evaluates its business performance and manages its operations. See Item 8 of Part II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 10 \u2014 Segment Information.\u201d \nOverview\nAs reflected in the discussion below, ongoing direct and indirect impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken in response to them had varying effects on our 2021 results of operations, although some effects, including customer demand, are mitigating or becoming more difficult to isolate or quantify. Moreover, it is not possible to determine the duration and scope of the pandemic, the scale and rate of economic recovery from the pandemic, any ongoing effects on consumer demand and spending patterns, supply chain disruptions, and labor availability and costs, or the impact of other indirect factors that may be attributable to the pandemic, and the extent to which these or other currently unanticipated consequences of the pandemic are reasonably likely to materially affect our results of operations. However, we expect our net sales growth rate to decelerate in Q1 2022 compared to the increase we experienced in Q1 2021. In addition, these direct and indirect factors can make it difficult to isolate and quantify the portion of our costs that are a direct result of the pandemic and costs arising from factors that may have been influenced by the pandemic, including increased wage rates and incentives, increased carrier rates, and fulfillment network inefficiencies resulting from constrained labor markets and global supply chain constraints. We expect these factors and their effects on our operations to continue into Q1 2022.\n22\nTable of Contents\nNet Sales\nNet sales include product and service sales. Product sales represent revenue from the sale of products and related shipping fees and digital media content where we record revenue gross. Service sales primarily represent third-party seller fees, which includes commissions and any related fulfillment and shipping fees, AWS sales, advertising services, Amazon Prime membership fees, and certain digital content subscriptions. Net sales information is as follows (in millions):\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nYear Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2020\n2021\nNet Sales:\nNorth America\n$\n236,282\u00a0\n$\n279,833\u00a0\nInternational\n104,412\u00a0\n127,787\u00a0\nAWS\n45,370\u00a0\n62,202\u00a0\nConsolidated\n$\n386,064\u00a0\n$\n469,822\u00a0\nYear-over-year Percentage Growth:\nNorth America\n38\u00a0\n%\n18\u00a0\n%\nInternational\n40\u00a0\n22\u00a0\nAWS\n30\u00a0\n37\u00a0\nConsolidated\n38\u00a0\n22\u00a0\nYear-over-year Percentage Growth, excluding the effect of foreign exchange rates:\nNorth America\n38\u00a0\n%\n18\u00a0\n%\nInternational\n38\u00a0\n20\u00a0\nAWS\n30\u00a0\n37\u00a0\nConsolidated\n37\u00a0\n21\u00a0\nNet sales mix:\nNorth America\n61\u00a0\n%\n60\u00a0\n%\nInternational\n27\u00a0\n27\u00a0\nAWS\n12\u00a0\n13\u00a0\nConsolidated\n100\u00a0\n%\n100\u00a0\n%\nSales increased 22% in 2021, compared to the prior year. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates impacted net sales by $1.4 billion and $3.8 billion for 2020 and 2021. For a discussion of the effect of foreign exchange rates on sales growth, see \u201cEffect of Foreign Exchange Rates\u201d below.\nNorth America sales increased 18% in 2021, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, and advertising sales. Increased unit sales were driven largely by our continued efforts to reduce prices for our customers, including from our shipping offers, and increased demand, partially offset by fulfillment network inefficiencies and supply chain constraints. We expect our North America sales growth rate to decelerate in Q1 2022 compared to the increase we experienced in Q1 2021.\nInternational sales increased 22% in 2021, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, and advertising sales. Increased unit sales were driven largely by our continued efforts to reduce prices for our customers, including from our shipping offers, and increased demand, partially offset by fulfillment network inefficiencies and supply chain constraints. We expect our International sales growth rate to decelerate in Q1 2022 compared to the increase we experienced in Q1 2021. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates impacted International net sales by $1.7 billion and $3.0 billion in 2020 and 2021.\nAWS sales increased 37% in 2021, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased customer usage, partially offset by pricing changes. Pricing changes were driven largely by our continued efforts to reduce prices for our customers.\n23\nTable of Contents\nOperating Income (Loss) \nOperating income (loss) by segment is as follows (in millions):\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020\n2021\nOperating Income (Loss):\nNorth America\n$\n8,651\u00a0\n$\n7,271\u00a0\nInternational\n717\u00a0\n(924)\nAWS\n13,531\u00a0\n18,532\u00a0\nConsolidated\n$\n22,899\u00a0\n$\n24,879\u00a0\nOperating income was $22.9 billion and $24.9 billion for 2020 and 2021. We believe that operating income (loss) is a more meaningful measure than gross profit and gross margin due to the diversity of our product categories and services.\nThe decrease in North America operating income in absolute dollars in 2021, compared to the prior year, is primarily \ndue to increased shipping and fulfillment costs, due in part to increased investments in our fulfillment network, increased wage rates and incentives, increased carrier rates, and fulfillment network inefficiencies, and growth in certain operating expenses, including marketing, partially offset by increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, and advertising sales.\n Changes in foreign exchange rates impacted operating income by $8 million and $88 million for 2020 and 2021.\nThe International operating loss in 2021, as compared to the operating income in the prior year, is primarily due to increased shipping and fulfillment costs, due in part to increased investments in our fulfillment network, increased wage rates and incentives, and increased carrier rates, and growth in certain operating expenses, including marketing, partially offset by increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, and advertising sales. Changes in foreign exchange rates impacted operating income (loss) by $411 million and $435 million for 2020 and 2021. \nThe increase in AWS operating income in absolute dollars in 2021, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased customer usage and cost structure productivity, partially offset by increased spending on technology infrastructure and payroll and related expenses, all of which were primarily driven by additional investments to support the business growth, and reduced prices for our customers. Changes in foreign exchange rates impacted operating income by $30 million and $(372) million for 2020 and 2021.\n24\nTable of Contents\nOperating Expenses\nInformation about operating expenses is as follows (in millions):\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nYear Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\u00a0\n2020\n2021\nOperating expenses:\nCost of sales\n$\n233,307\u00a0\n$\n272,344\u00a0\nFulfillment\n58,517\u00a0\n75,111\u00a0\nTechnology and content\n42,740\u00a0\n56,052\u00a0\nMarketing\n22,008\u00a0\n32,551\u00a0\nGeneral and administrative\n6,668\u00a0\n8,823\u00a0\nOther operating expense (income), net\n(75)\n62\u00a0\nTotal operating expenses\n$\n363,165\u00a0\n$\n444,943\u00a0\nYear-over-year Percentage Growth:\nCost of sales\n41\u00a0\n%\n17\u00a0\n%\nFulfillment\n45\u00a0\n28\u00a0\nTechnology and content\n19\u00a0\n31\u00a0\nMarketing\n17\u00a0\n48\u00a0\nGeneral and administrative\n28\u00a0\n32\u00a0\nOther operating expense (income), net\n(137)\n(183)\nPercent of Net Sales:\nCost of sales\n60.4\u00a0\n%\n58.0\u00a0\n%\nFulfillment\n15.2\u00a0\n16.0\u00a0\nTechnology and content\n11.1\u00a0\n11.9\u00a0\nMarketing\n5.7\u00a0\n6.9\u00a0\nGeneral and administrative\n1.7\u00a0\n1.9\u00a0\nOther operating expense (income), net\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nCost of Sales\nCost of sales primarily consists of the purchase price of consumer products, inbound and outbound shipping costs, including costs related to sortation and delivery centers and where we are the transportation service provider, and digital media content costs where we record revenue gross, including video and music.\nThe increase in cost of sales in absolute dollars in 2021, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased product and shipping costs resulting from increased sales, costs from expanding our fulfillment network, as well as increased carrier rates, increased wage rates and incentives, and fulfillment network inefficiencies resulting from a constrained labor market and global supply chain constraints.\nShipping costs to receive products from our suppliers are included in our inventory and recognized as cost of sales upon sale of products to our customers. Shipping costs, which include sortation and delivery centers and transportation costs, were $61.1 billion and $76.7 billion in 2020 and 2021. We expect our cost of shipping to continue to increase to the extent our customers accept and use our shipping offers at an increasing rate, we use more expensive shipping methods, including faster delivery, and we offer additional services. We seek to mitigate costs of shipping over time in part through achieving higher sales volumes, optimizing our fulfillment network, negotiating better terms with our suppliers, and achieving better operating efficiencies. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers.\nCosts to operate our AWS segment are primarily classified as \u201cTechnology and content\u201d as we leverage a shared infrastructure that supports both our internal technology requirements and external sales to AWS customers.\nFulfillment\nFulfillment costs primarily consist of those costs incurred in operating and staffing our North America and International fulfillment centers, physical stores, and customer service centers and payment processing costs. While AWS payment processing and related transaction costs are included in \u201cFulfillment,\u201d AWS costs are primarily classified as \u201cTechnology and \n25\nTable of Contents\ncontent.\u201d Fulfillment costs as a percentage of net sales may vary due to several factors, such as payment processing and related transaction costs, our level of productivity and accuracy, changes in volume, size, and weight of units received and fulfilled, the extent to which third party sellers utilize Fulfillment by Amazon services, timing of fulfillment network and physical store expansion, the extent we utilize fulfillment services provided by third parties, mix of products and services sold, and our ability to affect customer service contacts per unit by implementing improvements in our operations and enhancements to our customer self-service features. Additionally, sales by our sellers have higher payment processing and related transaction costs as a percentage of net sales compared to our retail sales because payment processing costs are based on the gross purchase price of underlying transactions.\nThe increase in fulfillment costs in absolute dollars in 2021, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to variable costs corresponding with increased product and service sales volume and inventory levels, increased wage rates and incentives and fulfillment network inefficiencies resulting from a constrained labor market and global supply chain constraints, and costs from expanding our fulfillment network.\nWe seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements.\nTechnology and Content\nTechnology and content costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs. Infrastructure costs include servers, networking equipment, and data center related depreciation and amortization, rent, utilities, and other expenses necessary to support AWS and other Amazon businesses. Collectively, these costs reflect the investments we make in order to offer a wide variety of products and services to our customers.\nWe seek to invest efficiently in numerous areas of technology and content so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments, while operating at an ever increasing scale. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. These costs are allocated to segments based on usage. The increase in technology and content costs in absolute dollars in 2021, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to an increase in spending on technology infrastructure and increased payroll and related costs associated with technical teams responsible for expanding our existing products and services and initiatives to introduce new products and service offerings. We expect technology and content costs to grow at a slower rate in 2022 due to increases in the estimated useful lives of our servers and networking equipment, which will primarily impact our AWS segment. See Item 8 of Part II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 1 \u2014 Description of Business, Accounting Policies, and Supplemental Disclosures \u2014 Use of Estimates\u201d for additional information on the change in estimated useful lives of our servers and networking equipment.\nMarketing\nMarketing costs include advertising and payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities, including sales commissions related to AWS. We direct customers to our stores primarily through a number of marketing channels, such as our sponsored search, social and online advertising, third party customer referrals, television advertising, and other initiatives. Our marketing costs are largely variable, based on growth in sales and changes in rates. To the extent there is increased or decreased competition for these traffic sources, or to the extent our mix of these channels shifts, we would expect to see a corresponding change in our marketing costs.\nThe increase in marketing costs in absolute dollars in 2021, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to higher marketing spend, which was constrained in 2020 in response to COVID-19, and increased payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities.\nWhile costs associated with Amazon Prime membership benefits and other shipping offers are not included in marketing expense, we view these offers as effective worldwide marketing tools, and intend to continue offering them indefinitely.\nGeneral and Administrative\nThe increase in general and administrative costs in absolute dollars in 2021, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increases in payroll and related expenses and professional fees.\n26\nTable of Contents\nOther Operating Expense (Income), Net\nOther operating expense (income), net was $(75) million and $62 million during 2020 and 2021, and was primarily related to a benefit from accelerated vesting of warrants to acquire equity of a vendor in 2020, offset by a lease impairment in 2020 and the amortization of intangible assets.\nInterest Income and Expense\nOur interest income was $555 million and $448 million during 2020 and 2021. We generally invest our excess cash in AAA-rated money market funds and investment grade short- to intermediate-term fixed income securities. Our interest income corresponds with the average balance of invested funds based on the prevailing rates, which vary depending on the geographies and currencies in which they are invested.\nInterest expense was $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion in 2020 and 2021 and was primarily related to debt and finance leases.\nOur long-term lease liabilities were $52.6 billion and $67.7 billion as of December\u00a031, 2020 and 2021. Our long-term debt was $31.8 billion and $48.7 billion as of December\u00a031, 2020 and 2021. See Item\u00a08 of Part\u00a0II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 4 \u2014 Leases and Note 6 \u2014 Debt\u201d for additional information.\nOther Income (Expense), Net\nOther income (expense), net was $2.4 billion and $14.6 billion during 2020 and 2021. The primary components of other income (expense), net are related to equity securities valuations and adjustments, equity warrant valuations, and foreign currency. Included in other income (expense), net in 2021 is a valuation gain of $11.8 billion from our equity securities of Rivian Automotive, Inc., which completed an initial public offering in November 2021.\nIncome Taxes\nOur effective tax rate is subject to significant variation due to several factors, including variability in our pre-tax and taxable income and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, intercompany transactions, the applicability of special tax regimes, changes in how we do business, acquisitions, investments, audit-related developments, changes in our stock price, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, foreign currency gains (losses), changes in statutes, regulations, case law, and administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions, and relative changes of expenses or losses for which tax benefits are not recognized. In addition, we record valuation allowances against deferred tax assets when there is uncertainty about our ability to generate future income in relevant jurisdictions. \nWe recorded a provision for income taxes of $2.9 billion and $4.8 billion in 2020 and 2021. See Item 8 of Part II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 9 \u2014 Income Taxes\u201d for additional information.\nNon-GAAP Financial Measures\nRegulation G, Conditions for Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, and other SEC regulations define and prescribe the conditions for use of certain non-GAAP financial information. Our measures of free cash flows and the effect of foreign exchange rates on our consolidated statements of operations meet the definition of non-GAAP financial measures. \nWe provide multiple measures of free cash flows because we believe these measures provide additional perspective on the impact of acquiring property and equipment with cash and through finance leases and financing obligations.\n27\nTable of Contents\nFree Cash Flow\nFree cash flow is cash flow from operations reduced by \u201cPurchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives.\u201d The following is a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most comparable GAAP cash flow measure, \u201cNet cash provided by (used in) operating activities,\u201d for 2020 and 2021 (in millions):\n\u00a0\nYear Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2020\n2021\nNet cash provided by (used in) operating activities\n$\n66,064\u00a0\n$\n46,327\u00a0\nPurchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives\n(35,044)\n(55,396)\nFree cash flow\n$\n31,020\u00a0\n$\n(9,069)\nNet cash provided by (used in) investing activities\n$\n(59,611)\n$\n(58,154)\nNet cash provided by (used in) financing activities\n$\n(1,104)\n$\n6,291\u00a0\nFree Cash Flow Less Principal Repayments of Finance Leases and Financing Obligations\nFree cash flow less principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations is free cash flow reduced by \u201cPrincipal repayments of finance leases\u201d and \u201cPrincipal repayments of financing obligations.\u201d Principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations approximates the actual payments of cash for our finance leases and financing obligations. The following is a reconciliation of free cash flow less principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations to the most comparable GAAP cash flow measure, \u201cNet cash provided by (used in) operating activities,\u201d for 2020 and 2021 (in millions):\n\u00a0\nYear Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2020\n2021\nNet cash provided by (used in) operating activities\n$\n66,064\u00a0\n$\n46,327\u00a0\nPurchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives\n(35,044)\n(55,396)\nFree cash flow\n31,020\u00a0\n(9,069)\nPrincipal repayments of finance leases\n(10,642)\n(11,163)\nPrincipal repayments of financing obligations\n(53)\n(162)\nFree cash flow less principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations\n$\n20,325\u00a0\n$\n(20,394)\nNet cash provided by (used in) investing activities\n$\n(59,611)\n$\n(58,154)\nNet cash provided by (used in) financing activities\n$\n(1,104)\n$\n6,291\u00a0\n28\nTable of Contents\nFree Cash Flow Less Equipment Finance Leases and Principal Repayments of All Other Finance Leases and Financing Obligations \nFree cash flow less equipment finance leases and principal repayments of all other finance leases and financing obligations is free cash flow reduced by equipment acquired under finance leases, which is included in \u201cProperty and equipment acquired under finance leases,\u201d principal repayments of all other finance lease liabilities, which is included in \u201cPrincipal repayments of finance leases,\u201d and \u201cPrincipal repayments of financing obligations.\u201d\u00a0All other finance lease liabilities and financing obligations consists of property. In this measure, equipment acquired under finance leases is reflected as if these assets had been purchased with cash, which is not the case as these assets have been leased. The following is a reconciliation of free cash flow less equipment finance leases and principal repayments of all other finance leases and financing obligations to the most comparable GAAP cash flow measure, \u201cNet cash provided by (used in) operating activities,\u201d for 2020 and 2021 (in millions):\n\u00a0\nYear Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2020\n2021\nNet cash provided by (used in) operating activities\n$\n66,064\u00a0\n$\n46,327\u00a0\nPurchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives\n(35,044)\n(55,396)\nFree cash flow\n31,020\u00a0\n(9,069)\nEquipment acquired under finance leases (1)\n(9,104)\n(4,422)\nPrincipal repayments of all other finance leases (2)\n(427)\n(687)\nPrincipal repayments of financing obligations\n(53)\n(162)\nFree cash flow less equipment finance leases and principal repayments of all other finance leases and financing obligations\n$\n21,436\u00a0\n$\n(14,340)\nNet cash provided by (used in) investing activities\n$\n(59,611)\n$\n(58,154)\nNet cash provided by (used in) financing activities\n$\n(1,104)\n$\n6,291\u00a0\n___________________\n(1)\nFor the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 and 2021, this amount relates to equipment included in \u201cProperty and equipment acquired under finance leases\u201d of $11,588 million and $7,061 million. \n(2)\nFor the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 and 2021, this amount relates to property included in \u201cPrincipal repayments of finance leases\u201d of $10,642 million and $11,163 million. \nAll of these free cash flows measures have limitations as they omit certain components of the overall cash flow statement and do not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, these measures of free cash flows do not incorporate the portion of payments representing principal reductions of debt or cash payments for business acquisitions. Additionally, our mix of property and equipment acquisitions with cash or other financing options may change over time. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flows measures only as a complement to our entire consolidated statements of cash flows.\nEffect of Foreign Exchange Rates\nInformation regarding the effect of foreign exchange rates, versus the U.S.\u00a0Dollar, on our net sales, operating expenses, and operating income is provided to show reported period operating results had the foreign exchange rates remained the same as those in effect in the comparable prior year period. The effect on our net sales, operating expenses, and operating income from changes in our foreign exchange rates versus the U.S. Dollar is as follows (in millions):\n\u00a0\nYear Ended December 31, 2020\nYear Ended December 31, 2021\n\u00a0\u00a0\nAs\nReported\nExchange\nRate\nEffect (1)\nAt\u00a0Prior\nYear\nRates\u00a0(2)\nAs\nReported\nExchange\nRate\nEffect (1)\nAt\u00a0Prior\nYear\nRates\u00a0(2)\nNet sales\n$\n386,064\u00a0\n$\n(1,438)\n$\n384,626\u00a0\n$\n469,822\u00a0\n$\n(3,804)\n$\n466,018\u00a0\nOperating expenses\n363,165\u00a0\n(989)\n362,176\u00a0\n444,943\u00a0\n(3,653)\n441,290\u00a0\nOperating income\n22,899\u00a0\n(449)\n22,450\u00a0\n24,879\u00a0\n(151)\n24,728\u00a0\n___________________\n(1)\nRepresents the change in reported amounts resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates from those in effect in the comparable prior year period for operating results.\n(2)\nRepresents the outcome that would have resulted had foreign exchange rates in the reported period been the same as those in effect in the comparable prior year period for operating results.\n29\nTable of Contents\nGuidance\nWe provided guidance on February\u00a03, 2022, in our earnings release furnished on Form\u00a08-K as set forth below. These forward-looking statements reflect Amazon.com\u2019s expectations as of February\u00a03, 2022, and are subject to substantial uncertainty. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, such as uncertainty regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic conditions and customer demand and spending, inflation, labor market and global supply chain constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, as well as those outlined in Item\u00a01A of Part I, \u201cRisk Factors.\u201d This guidance reflects our estimates as of February\u00a03, 2022 regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations as well as the effect of other factors discussed above. \nFirst Quarter 2022 Guidance\n\u2022\nNet sales are expected to be between $112.0 billion and $117.0 billion, or to grow between 3% and 8% compared with first quarter 2021. This guidance anticipates an unfavorable impact of approximately 150 basis points from foreign exchange rates. \n\u2022\nOperating income is expected to be between $3.0 billion and $6.0 billion, compared with $8.9 billion in first quarter 2021. This guidance includes approximately $1.0 billion lower depreciation expense due to increases in the estimated useful lives of our servers and networking equipment beginning on January 1, 2022. \n\u2022\nThis guidance assumes, among other things, that no additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal settlements are concluded.\n30\nTable of Contents", "item7a": ">Item\u00a07A.\nQuantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk\nWe are exposed to market risk for the effect of interest rate changes, foreign currency fluctuations, and changes in the market values of our investments. Information relating to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk is set forth below and in Item\u00a07 of Part II, \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations \u2014 Liquidity and Capital Resources.\u201d\nInterest Rate Risk\nOur exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio and our long-term debt. Our long-term debt is carried at amortized cost and fluctuations in interest rates do not impact our consolidated financial statements. However, the fair value of our debt, which pays interest at a fixed rate, will generally fluctuate with movements of interest rates, increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest.  \nWe generally invest our excess cash in AAA-rated money market funds and investment grade short- to intermediate-term fixed income securities. Fixed income securities may have their fair market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, and we may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities that have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates. The following table provides information about our cash equivalents and marketable fixed income securities, including principal cash flows by expected maturity and the related weighted-average interest rates as of December\u00a031, 2021 (in millions, except percentages):\n2022\n2023\n2024\n2025\n2026\nThereafter\nTotal\nEstimated Fair Value as of December 31, 2021\nMoney market funds\n$\n20,312\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n20,312\u00a0\n$\n20,312\u00a0\nWeighted average interest rate\n(0.02)\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n(0.02)\n%\nCorporate debt securities\n18,063\u00a0\n6,253\u00a0\n8,231\u00a0\n2,044\u00a0\n921\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n35,512\u00a0\n35,764\u00a0\nWeighted average interest rate\n0.34\u00a0\n%\n1.02\u00a0\n%\n1.02\u00a0\n%\n1.35\u00a0\n%\n1.22\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n0.70\u00a0\n%\nU.S. government and agency securities\n1,584\u00a0\n837\u00a0\n561\u00a0\n672\u00a0\n558\u00a0\n61\u00a0\n4,273\u00a0\n4,300\u00a0\nWeighted average interest rate\n0.30\u00a0\n%\n0.39\u00a0\n%\n1.00\u00a0\n%\n1.14\u00a0\n%\n0.99\u00a0\n%\n1.01\u00a0\n%\n0.65\u00a0\n%\nAsset-backed securities\n1,237\u00a0\n1,966\u00a0\n1,722\u00a0\n959\u00a0\n312\u00a0\n500\u00a0\n6,696\u00a0\n6,738\u00a0\nWeighted average interest rate\n1.19\u00a0\n%\n0.93\u00a0\n%\n1.28\u00a0\n%\n1.27\u00a0\n%\n0.99\u00a0\n%\n1.14\u00a0\n%\n1.14\u00a0\n%\nForeign government and agency securities\n105\u00a0\n52\u00a0\n22\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n179\u00a0\n181\u00a0\nWeighted average interest rate\n0.97\u00a0\n%\n1.12\u00a0\n%\n0.74\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n0.98\u00a0\n%\nOther fixed income securities\n142\u00a0\n264\u00a0\n222\u00a0\n57\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n685\u00a0\n686\u00a0\nWeighted average interest rate\n0.65\u00a0\n%\n0.93\u00a0\n%\n0.68\u00a0\n%\n1.35\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n0.83\u00a0\n%\n$\n41,443\u00a0\n$\n9,372\u00a0\n$\n10,758\u00a0\n$\n3,732\u00a0\n$\n1,791\u00a0\n$\n561\u00a0\n$\n67,657\u00a0\nCash equivalents and marketable fixed income securities\n$\n67,981\u00a0\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we had long-term debt with a face value of $50.6\u00a0billion, including the current portion, primarily consisting of fixed rate unsecured senior notes. See Item\u00a08 of Part II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 6 \u2014 Debt\u201d for additional information.\n31\nTable of Contents\nForeign Exchange Risk\nDuring 2021, net sales from our International segment accounted for 27% of our consolidated revenues. Net sales and related expenses generated from our internationally-focused stores, including within Canada and Mexico (which are included in our North America segment), are primarily denominated in the functional currencies of the corresponding stores and primarily include Euros, British Pounds, and Japanese Yen. The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our internationally-focused stores and AWS are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Upon consolidation, as foreign exchange rates vary, net sales and other operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. For example, as a result of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates throughout the year compared to rates in effect the prior year, International segment net sales increased by $3.0 billion in comparison with the prior year.\nWe have foreign exchange risk related to foreign-denominated cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (\u201cforeign funds\u201d). Based on the balance of foreign funds as of December\u00a031, 2021, of $22.7 billion, an assumed 5%, 10%, and 20% adverse change to foreign exchange would result in fair value declines of $1.1 billion, $2.3 billion, and $4.5 billion. Fluctuations in fair value are recorded in \u201cAccumulated other comprehensive income (loss),\u201d a separate component of stockholders\u2019 equity. Equity securities with readily determinable fair values are included in \u201cMarketable securities\u201d on our consolidated balance sheets and are measured at fair value with changes recognized in net income.\nWe have foreign exchange risk related to our intercompany balances denominated in various foreign currencies. Based on the intercompany balances as of December\u00a031, 2021, an assumed 5%, 10%, and 20% adverse change to foreign exchange rates would result in losses of $285 million, $575 million, and $1.1 billion, recorded to \u201cOther income (expense), net.\u201d\nSee Item\u00a07 of Part II, \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations \u2014 Results of Operations \u2014 Effect of Foreign Exchange Rates\u201d for additional information on the effect on reported results of changes in foreign exchange rates.\nEquity Investment Risk\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, our recorded value in equity and equity warrant investments in public and private companies was $22.3 billion. Our equity and equity warrant investments in publicly traded companies, which primarily relate to Rivian Automotive, Inc., represent $20.3 billion of our investments as of December\u00a031, 2021, and are recorded at fair value, which is subject to market price volatility. We record our equity warrant investments in private companies at fair value and adjust our equity investments in private companies for observable price changes or impairments. Valuations of private companies are inherently more complex due to the lack of readily available market data. The current global economic climate provides additional uncertainty. As such, we believe that market sensitivities are not practicable. See Item 8 of Part II, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data \u2014 Note 1 \u2014 Description of Business, Accounting Policies, and Supplemental Disclosures\u201d for additional information.\n32\nTable of Contents", "companyName": "AMAZON C", "cusip": "023135106"}