{"item1": ">Item 1.  Business. \nGeneral\nWe are driving transformation at The Kraft Heinz Company (Nasdaq: KHC), inspired by our Purpose, \nLet\u2019s Make Life Delicious\n. Consumers are at the center of everything we do. With 2021 net sales of approximately $26 billion, we are committed to growing our iconic and emerging food and beverage brands on a global scale. We leverage our scale and agility to unleash the full power of Kraft Heinz across a portfolio of six consumer-driven product platforms. As global citizens, we\u2019re dedicated to making a sustainable, ethical impact while helping feed the world in healthy, responsible ways.\nOn July 2, 2015, through a series of transactions, we consummated the merger of Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (\u201cKraft\u201d) with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of H.J. Heinz Holding Corporation (\u201cHeinz\u201d) (the \u201c2015 Merger\u201d). At the closing of the 2015 Merger, Heinz was renamed The Kraft Heinz Company, and H. J. Heinz Company changed its name to Kraft Heinz Foods Company.\nBefore the consummation of the 2015 Merger, Heinz was controlled by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (\u201cBerkshire Hathaway\u201d) and 3G Global Food Holdings, LP (\u201c3G Global Food Holdings\u201d and, together with its affiliates, \u201c3G Capital\u201d) (3G Capital together with Berkshire Hathaway, the \u201cSponsors\u201d), following their acquisition of H. J. Heinz Company on June 7, 2013 (the \u201c2013 Heinz Acquisition\u201d).\nWe operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December in each calendar year. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to years and quarters contained herein pertain to our fiscal years and fiscal quarters. Our 2021 fiscal year was a 52-week period that ended on December 25, 2021, the 2020 fiscal year was a 52-week period that ended on December 26, 2020, and the 2019 fiscal year was a 52-week period that ended on December 28, 2019.\nReportable Segments:\nWe manage and report our operating results through three reportable segments defined by geographic region: United States, International, and Canada.\nDuring the fourth quarter of 2021, certain organizational changes were announced that will impact our future internal reporting and reportable segments. As a result of these changes, we plan to combine our United States and Canada zones to form the North America zone, and expect to have two reportable segments, North America and International. We expect that any change to our reportable segments will be effective in the second quarter of 2022.\nSee Note 21, \nSegment Reporting\n, in Item 8,\n Financial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for our geographic financial information by segment.\nCOVID-19 Pandemic:\nThe ongoing spread of COVID-19 throughout the United States and internationally, as well as measures implemented by governmental authorities and private businesses in an attempt to minimize transmission of the virus (including social distancing mandates, shelter-in-place orders, vaccine mandates, and business restrictions and shutdowns) and consumer responses to such measures and the pandemic have had and continue to have negative and positive implications for portions of our business. Though many areas have relaxed restrictions, varying levels remain throughout the world, are continuously evolving, and may be increased, including as a result of further outbreaks, resurgences, or the emergence of new variants. \nWe have been actively monitoring the impact of COVID-19 on our business. In 2020, particularly in March and April, we experienced consolidated net sales growth as higher demand for our retail products more than offset declines in our foodservice business. In 2021, we continued to experience strong retail demand compared to pre-pandemic periods. However, retail consumption declined when compared to the comparable 2020 period based on the strong consumer demand early on in the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in March and April 2020. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021 and continuing through year end, our foodservice business experienced increased consumer demand compared to the comparable 2020 periods, which were negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, we continue to see decreased foodservice demand in certain parts of our global business, including the United States and Canada, compared to pre-pandemic periods. COVID-19 and its impacts are unprecedented and continuously evolving, and the long-term impacts to our financial condition and results of operations are still uncertain.\n1\nResources\nTrademarks and Intellectual Property:\nOur trademarks are material to our business and are among our most valuable assets.\u00a0Depending on the country, trademarks generally remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are for renewable, fixed terms. Significant trademarks by segment based on net sales in 2021 were:\nMajority Owned and Licensed Trademarks\nUnited States\nKraft, Oscar Mayer, Heinz, Velveeta, Philadelphia, Lunchables, Capri Sun*, Ore-Ida, Maxwell House, Kool-Aid, Jell-O\nInternational\nHeinz, ABC, Master, Kraft, Golden Circle, Quero, Plasmon, Wattie\u2019s, Pudliszki\nCanada\nKraft, Philadelphia, Heinz, Classico, Maxwell House\n\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\n*Used under license.\nWe sell certain products under brands we license from third parties. In 2021, brands used under licenses from third parties included \nCapri Sun\n packaged drink pouches for sale in the United States. In addition, in our agreements with Mondel\u0113z International, Inc. (\u201cMondel\u0113z\u201d), following the spin-off of Kraft from Mondel\u0113z in 2012, we each granted the other party various licenses to use certain of our and their respective intellectual property rights in named jurisdictions for certain periods of time. In 2021, in our agreements with an affiliate of Groupe Lactalis (\u201cLactalis\u201d), related to the sale of certain assets in our global cheese business, we each granted the other party various licenses to use certain of our and their respective intellectual property rights in perpetuity, including perpetual licenses for the \nKraft\n and \nVelveeta\n brands for certain cheese products.\nWe also own numerous patents worldwide. We consider our portfolio of patents, patent applications, patent licenses under patents owned by third parties, proprietary trade secrets, technology, know-how processes, and related intellectual property rights to be material to our operations. Patents, issued or applied for, cover inventions ranging from packaging techniques to processes relating to specific products and to the products themselves. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents would not have a material adverse effect on our business.\nOur issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of the patent application filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent office or courts in the country, and the availability of legal remedies in the country.\nRaw Materials and Packaging:\nWe manufacture (and contract for the manufacture of) our products from a wide variety of raw materials. We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including dairy products, meat products, coffee beans, soybean and vegetable oils, sugar and other sweeteners, tomatoes, potatoes, corn products, wheat products, nuts, and cocoa products, to manufacture our products. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of resins, fiberboard, metals, and cardboard to package our products, and we use electricity, diesel fuel, and natural gas in the manufacturing and distribution of our products. For commodities that we use across many of our product categories, such as corrugated paper and energy, we coordinate sourcing requirements and centralize procurement to leverage our scale. In addition, some of our product lines and brands separately source raw materials that are specific to their operations. We source these commodities from a variety of providers, including large, international producers and smaller, local, independent sellers. Where appropriate, we seek to establish preferred purchaser status and have developed strategic partnerships with many of our suppliers with the objective of achieving favorable pricing and dependable supply for many of our commodities. The prices of raw materials that we use in our products are affected by external factors, such as global competition for resources, currency fluctuations, severe weather or global climate change, pandemics, consumer, industrial, or investment demand, and changes in governmental regulation and trade, tariffs, alternative energy, and agricultural programs. In 2021, we experienced higher than expected commodity costs and supply chain costs, including logistics, procurement, and manufacturing costs, largely due to inflationary pressures. We expect this cost inflation to remain elevated through at least 2022. \nOur procurement teams monitor worldwide supply and cost trends so we can obtain ingredients and packaging needed for production at competitive prices. Although the prices of our principal raw materials can be expected to fluctuate, we believe there will be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they are generally available from numerous sources. We use a range of hedging techniques in an effort to limit the impact of price fluctuations on many of our principal raw materials. However, we do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. We actively monitor changes to commodity costs so that we can seek to mitigate the effect through pricing and other operational measures.\n2\nResearch and Development\nOur research and development efforts focus on achieving the following four objectives:\n\u2022\nproduct innovations, renovations, and new technologies to meet changing consumer needs and drive growth;\n\u2022\nworld-class and uncompromising food safety, quality, and consistency;\n\u2022\nsuperior, customer-preferred product and package performance; and\n\u2022\ncontinuous process improvement and product optimization in pursuit of cost reductions.\nCompetition\nOur products are sold in highly competitive marketplaces, which have experienced increased concentration and the growing presence of e-commerce retailers, large-format retailers, and discounters. Our competitors include large national and international food and beverage companies and numerous local and regional companies. We compete with both branded and private label products sold by retailers, wholesalers, and cooperatives. We compete on the basis of product innovation, price, product quality, nutritional value, service, taste, convenience, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and distribution, promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy changing consumer preferences. Improving our market position or introducing new products requires substantial advertising and promotional expenditures.\nSales\nSales and Customers:\nOur products are sold through our own sales organizations and through independent brokers, agents, and distributors to chain, wholesale, cooperative and independent grocery accounts, convenience stores, drug stores, value stores, bakeries, pharmacies, mass merchants, club stores, foodservice distributors, and institutions, including hotels, restaurants, hospitals, health care facilities, and certain government agencies. Our products are also sold online through various e-commerce platforms and retailers. Our largest customer, Walmart Inc., represented approximately 22% of our net sales in both 2021 and 2020 and approximately 21% of our net sales in 2019.\nAdditionally, we have key customers in different regions around the world; however, none of these customers are individually significant to our consolidated business. In 2021, the five largest customers in our United States segment accounted for approximately 50% of United States segment net sales, the five largest customers in our International segment accounted for approximately 17% of International segment net sales, and the five largest customers in our Canada segment accounted for approximately 74% of Canada segment net sales.\nWe manage our sales portfolio through six consumer-driven product platforms. A platform is a lens created for the portfolio based on a grouping of real consumer needs and includes the following for Kraft Heinz: Taste Elevation, Fast Fresh Meals, Easy Meals Made Better, Real Food Snacking, Flavorful Hydration, and Easy Indulgent Desserts. The platforms are modular and configurable by reportable segment and market. Further, each platform is assigned a role within our business to help inform our resource allocation and investment decisions, which are made at the reportable segment level. These roles include: Grow, Energize, and Stabilize. The role of a platform may also vary by reportable segment and market. The platform approach helps us to manage our business efficiently, including the oversight of our various product categories and brands, and transforms the way we plan for our growth.\nNet Sales by Platform:\nIn 2021, following the divestiture of certain of our global cheese businesses, we reorganized certain products within our platforms to reflect how we plan to manage our business going forward, including the role assigned to these products and platforms within our business. We have reflected these changes in all historical periods presented. Net sales by platform as a percentage of consolidated net sales for the periods presented were:\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\nDecember 28, 2019\nTaste Elevation\n28\u00a0\n%\n26\u00a0\n%\n26\u00a0\n%\nFast Fresh Meals\n25\u00a0\n%\n26\u00a0\n%\n25\u00a0\n%\nEasy Meals Made Better\n19\u00a0\n%\n19\u00a0\n%\n17\u00a0\n%\nReal Food Snacking\n7\u00a0\n%\n9\u00a0\n%\n9\u00a0\n%\nFlavorful Hydration\n7\u00a0\n%\n6\u00a0\n%\n6\u00a0\n%\nEasy Indulgent Desserts\n4\u00a0\n%\n4\u00a0\n%\n4\u00a0\n%\nOther\n10\u00a0\n%\n10\u00a0\n%\n13\u00a0\n%\n3\nNet Sales by Product Category:\nThe product categories that contributed 10% or more to consolidated net sales in any of the periods presented were:\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\nDecember 28, 2019\nCondiments and sauces\n28\u00a0\n%\n26\u00a0\n%\n26\u00a0\n%\nCheese and dairy\n19\u00a0\n%\n20\u00a0\n%\n20\u00a0\n%\nAmbient foods\n11\u00a0\n%\n11\u00a0\n%\n10\u00a0\n%\nFrozen and chilled foods\n10\u00a0\n%\n10\u00a0\n%\n9\u00a0\n%\nMeats and seafood\n10\u00a0\n%\n10\u00a0\n%\n10\u00a0\n%\nSeasonality\nAlthough crops constituting certain of our raw food ingredients are harvested on a seasonal basis, the majority of our products are produced throughout the year.\nSeasonal factors inherent in our business change the demand for products, including holidays, changes in seasons, or other annual events. While these factors influence our quarterly net sales, operating income/(loss), and cash flows at the product level, unless the timing of such events shift period-over-period (e.g., a shift in Easter timing), this seasonality does not typically have a significant effect on our consolidated results of operations or segment results.\nGovernment Regulation\nThe manufacture and sale of consumer food and beverage products is highly regulated. Our business operations, including the production, transportation, storage, distribution, sale, display, advertising, marketing, labeling, quality and safety of our products and their ingredients, and our occupational safety, health, and privacy practices, are subject to various laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are administered by federal, state, and local government agencies in the United States, as well as government entities and agencies outside the United States in markets where our products are manufactured, distributed, or sold. In the United States, our activities are subject to regulation by various federal government agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, Department of Agriculture, Federal Trade Commission, Department of Labor, Department of Commerce, and Environmental Protection Agency, as well as various state and local agencies. We are also subject to numerous laws and regulations outside of the United States, including but not limited to laws and regulations governing food safety, health and safety, anti-corruption, and data privacy. In our business dealings, we are also required to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (\u201cFCPA\u201d), the U.K. Bribery Act, the U.S. Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act, and various other anti-corruption regulations in the regions in which we operate. We rely on legal and operational compliance programs, as well as in-house and outside counsel, to guide our businesses in complying with applicable laws and regulations of the countries in which we do business. In addition, regulatory regime changes may add cost and complexity to our compliance efforts.\nEnvironmental Regulation:\nOur activities throughout the world are highly regulated and subject to government oversight regarding environmental matters. Various laws concerning the handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous materials and the operation of facilities in environmentally sensitive locations may impact aspects of our operations.\nIn the United States, where a significant portion of our business operates, these laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (\u201cCERCLA\u201d). CERCLA imposes joint and several liability on each potentially responsible party. We are involved in a number of active proceedings in the United States under CERCLA (and other similar state actions under similar legislation) related to certain closed, inactive, or divested operations for which we retain liability. \nAs of December\u00a025, 2021, we had accrued an amount we deemed appropriate for environmental remediation. Based on information currently available, we believe that the ultimate resolution of existing environmental remediation actions and our compliance in general with environmental laws and regulations will not have a material effect on our earnings or financial condition. However, it is difficult to predict with certainty the potential impact of future compliance efforts and environmental remedial actions and thus, future costs associated with such matters may exceed current reserves.\n4\nHuman Capital Management\nWe are driven by our Purpose, our Vision \nTo sustainably grow by delighting more consumers globally\n, and our Values\u2014\nWe are consumer obsessed\n, \nWe dare to do better every day\n, \nWe champion great people\n, \nWe demand diversity\n, \nWe do the right thing\n, and \nWe own it\n. We recognize that a strong company culture is vital to our overall success. Our Purpose, Vision, and Values are the foundation upon which our culture is built. They represent the expectations we have for ourselves and the environment we aspire to create for our Company. Our Board of Directors (\u201cBoard\u201d), through the Compensation Committee, oversees our human resources strategy and key policies.\nEngagement and Retention:\nWe are committed to attracting, developing, and retaining diverse, world-class talent and creating an engaging and inclusive culture that embodies our Purpose, Vision, and Values. As of December 25, 2021, Kraft Heinz had approximately 36,000 employees globally. Driven by our Value \nWe champion great people\n, we are committed to supporting our employees\u2019 health, safety, and professional development and to rewarding outstanding performance at every level. Our compensation, benefits, recognition, and LiveWell programs are designed to attract and retain highly skilled talent, meet individual and family needs, and inspire, celebrate, and engage our people and teams through active listening channels.\nGuided by our Values, we conduct a global engagement survey annually to provide our employees with an opportunity to share anonymous feedback with management across a variety of topic areas. Leaders review the results to help determine where changes are needed to support our people and teams.\nWellbeing and Safety:\nOur employees\u2019 health, safety, and wellbeing are of the utmost importance. We establish and administer company-wide policies and processes to protect the health, safety, and security of our employees, subcontractors, and all those who visit our facilities, and to comply with applicable regulations. We review and monitor our performance closely to drive continuous improvement. In 2021, our Total Recordable Incident Rate (\u201cTRIR\u201d) was 0.62 globally. TRIR is a medical incident rate based on the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) record-keeping criteria (injuries per 200,000 hours).\nIn response to the emergence of COVID-19 in early 2020, we provided enhanced benefits and implemented additional workplace safety programs and processes in all our manufacturing facilities, many of which have continued through 2021. In 2021, we also began a limited return to office for our global office populations with heightened in-office health and safety protocols that followed local regulations. As the circumstances and impacts of COVID-19 continue to evolve, we regularly evaluate our response to adapt and protect the health and safety of our employees, while supporting consumers and our communities.\nOur global LiveWell program addresses physical, emotional, financial, and social health and wellbeing. We have continued to champion the LiveWell program\u2019s holistic approach to wellbeing in response to COVID-19 with enhanced programs, including healthcare benefits, disability, and employee assistance initiatives.\nDiversity, Inclusion, and Belonging:\nWe live our Value of \nWe demand diversity\n by focusing on three strategic areas: hiring and growing talent from diverse backgrounds and perspectives, developing inclusive leaders, and tracking and reporting our progress. In 2021, we shared our 2025 diversity, inclusion, and belonging aspirations, which include that 50% of our global management positions be filled by women and 30% of our salaried U.S. employee population identify as people of color. As of December\u00a025, 2021:\n\u2022\n39% of employees in management positions globally identified as women*; \n\u2022\n27% of salaried employees in the U.S. identified as people of color;\n\u2022\n30% of our Executive Leadership Team identified as women; and\n\u2022\n80% of our Executive Leadership Team identified as people of color. \n*This figure does not include employees that joined the Company as part of acquisitions that closed in the fourth quarter of 2021, which represent approximately 1% of our total employees globally as of December 25, 2021. \nAs we work to meet our 2025 aspirations, we are focused on:\n\u2022\nHiring and Growing Talent from Diverse Backgrounds and Perspectives\n through expanded recruiting partnerships with Historically Black Colleges and Universities and training and leveraging artificial intelligence in our hiring process to reduce bias. In addition, our Business Resource Groups (BRGs) offer learning and development opportunities and create a network of support for employees.\n\u2022\nDeveloping Inclusive Leaders\n through an interactive learning experience for managers on interrupting bias in our Organizational People Review process and their role in creating an inclusive environment.\n\u2022\nTracking and Reporting Our Progress\n year over year through oversight by the Kraft Heinz Global Inclusion Council.\n5\nLearning and Development:\nThrough Kraft Heinz Ownerversity, we provide learning and development offerings to employees via live and virtual learning experiences. These offerings enable employees to execute with excellence in their roles, accelerate their learning curves, and grow great careers through continuous learning. With Ownerversity\u2019s targeted platforms, our employees can focus on timely and topical development areas including leadership, management excellence, functional capabilities, and diversity, inclusion, and belonging.\nRewards and Compensation:\nOur Total Rewards philosophy is designed to provide an array of meaningful and flexible programs for our diverse workforce. Our reward programs complement our strategy and Values and enable us to attract and retain qualified individuals. They are market competitive and data-driven to preserve our high-performance and results-oriented culture.\nEthics and Transparency:\nIn 2021, we renamed the Kraft Heinz Ethics Hotline to the Kraft Heinz Ethics Helpline and continued to expand access to our partners, suppliers, customers, and consumers to ask questions or report potential violations of various policies and ethical guidelines, including our human rights policies in our Supplier Guiding Principles and our code of conduct. \nWe report more detailed information regarding our programs and initiatives related to our people and human capital management in our Environmental Social Governance Report (\u201cESG Report\u201d). Our 2021 ESG Report is available on our website at \nwww.kraftheinzcompany.com/esg\n. The information on our website, including our ESG Report, is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (\u201cSEC\u201d).\n6\nInformation about our Executive Officers\nThe following are our executive officers as of February 12, 2022:\nName and Title\nAge\nBusiness Experience in the Past Five Years\nMiguel Patricio,\nChief Executive Officer and Director\n55\nChief Executive Officer (since June 2019) and Director (since May 2021). \nChief of Special Global Projects\u2013Marketing (January 2019 to June 2019) and Chief Marketing Officer (2012 to December 2018) at \nAnheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (\u201cAB InBev\u201d), a multinational drink and brewing holdings company.\nPaulo Basilio,\nExecutive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer\n47\nExecutive Vice President (since December 2021) and Global Chief Financial Officer (since September 2019); Chief Business Planning and Development Officer (July 2019 to September 2019); President of the U.S. Commercial Business (October 2017 to June 2019); and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2015 to October 2017). Partner (since 2012) of 3G Capital.\nCarlos Abrams-Rivera,\nExecutive Vice President and President, North America\n54\nExecutive Vice President and President, North America (since December 2021); and U.S. Zone President (February 2020 to December 2021). Executive Vice President and President, Campbell Snacks (May 2019 to February 2020), President, Campbell Snacks (March 2018 to May 2019), and President, Pepperidge Farm (2015 to March 2018) at Campbell Soup Company, a food and beverage company.\nKathy Krenger,\nSenior Vice President and Global Chief Communications Officer\n54\nSenior Vice President (since December 2021) and Global Chief Communications Officer (since July 2021). Senior Vice President, Global Communications (May 2017 to July 2021) at Hyatt Hotels Corporation, a global hospitality company. Executive Vice President and General Manager, US Food Sector Lead (2014 to May 2017) at Edible, Inc., a subsidiary of Daniel J. Edelman, Holdings Inc., a global communications and marketing firm.\nRashida La Lande,\nExecutive Vice President, Global General Counsel, and Chief Sustainability and Corporate Affairs Officer; Corporate Secretary\n48\nExecutive Vice President, Global General Counsel, and Chief Sustainability and Corporate Affairs Officer (since December 2021); Corporate Secretary (since January 2018); Head of ESG (formerly CSR) and Government Affairs (October 2018 to December 2021); and Senior Vice President and Global General Counsel (January 2018 to December 2021). Partner (2007 to January 2018) at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, a global law firm.\nMarcos Eloi Lima,\nExecutive Vice President and Global Chief Procurement Officer\n44\nExecutive Vice President (since December 2021) and Chief Procurement Officer (since October 2019); and Advisor in the area of procurement (July 2019 to October 2019). Vice President Procurement & Sustainability Middle Americas Zone (2016 to July 2019) at AB InBev.\nRafael Oliveira,\nExecutive Vice President and President, International Markets\n47\nExecutive Vice President and President, International Markets (since December 2021); International Zone President (July 2019 to December 2021); Zone President of EMEA (2016 to June 2019); Managing Director of Kraft Heinz UK & Ireland (2016 to 2016); and President of Kraft Heinz Australia, New Zealand, and Papua New Guinea (2014 to 2016).\nFlavio Torres,\nExecutive Vice President and Global Chief Supply Chain Officer\n53\nExecutive Vice President and Global Chief Supply Chain Officer (since December 2021); and Head of Global Operations (January 2020 to December 2021). Global Operations Vice President (2017 to 2019) at AB InBev.\nMelissa Werneck,\nExecutive Vice President and Global Chief People Officer\n49\nExecutive Vice President (since December 2021) and Global Chief People Officer (since 2016); and Head of Global Human Resources, Performance and Information Technology (2015 to 2016).\nMr. Patricio also invests in the 3G Kraft Heinz Company Holdings LP (the \u201cFund\u201d), which is affiliated with 3G Capital. His investment represents less than 1% of the Fund\u2019s assets.\nIn January 2022, we announced Mr. Basilio would step down as Global Chief Financial Officer, effective March 2, 2022, at which time Andre Maciel, our current Senior Vice President and U.S. Chief Financial Officer and Head of Digital Transformation, will become Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer. \n7\nAvailable Information\nOur website address is\u00a0\nwww.kraftheinzcompany.com\n. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form\u00a010-Q, Current Reports on Form\u00a08-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section\u00a013(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the \u201cExchange Act\u201d), are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website at\u00a0\nwww.sec.gov\n\u00a0that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including Kraft Heinz, that are electronically filed with the SEC.", "item1a": ">Item 1A.  Risk Factors.\nOur business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any of the risks and uncertainties described below could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and should be considered when evaluating Kraft Heinz. Although the risks are organized and described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. While we believe we have identified and discussed the material risks affecting our business below, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future.\nIndustry Risks\nThe continuously changing and uncertain COVID-19 pandemic, and government and consumer responses, could negatively impact our business and results of operations.\nThe ongoing spread of COVID-19 throughout the United States and internationally, as well as measures implemented by governmental authorities and private businesses in an attempt to minimize transmission of the virus, including social distancing mandates, shelter-in-place orders, vaccine mandates, and business restrictions and shutdowns, and consumer responses have had and could continue to have a negative impact on financial markets, economic conditions, and portions of our business. Although certain portions of our business have benefited, the impact of, and associated government, business, and consumer responses to, COVID-19 could negatively impact our business and results of operations in a number of ways, which may be difficult to accurately estimate or forecast, including, but not limited to, the following:\n\u2022\na shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing facilities due to illness could significantly disrupt our production capabilities;\n\u2022\na significant portion of our workforce could become unable to work, including as a result of illness or government restrictions;\n\u2022\na decrease in demand for away-from-home establishments has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our foodservice operations;\n\u2022\na change in demand resulting from restrictions on or changes in social interactions has affected, and could continue to affect, customers\u2019 and consumers\u2019 plans to purchase our products;\n\u2022\na change in demand for or availability of our products as a result of retailers, distributors, or carriers modifying their restocking, fulfillment, or shipping practices;\n\u2022\na shift in consumer spending as a result of the economic downturn could result in consumers moving to private label or lower margin products;\n\u2022\na slowdown or stoppage in our supply chain or the failure of our suppliers, vendors, distributors, or third-party manufacturers to meet their obligations to us or experience disruptions in their ability to do so;\n\u2022\na strain on our supply chain resulting from increased consumer demand at our retail customers, such as grocery stores, club stores, and value stores;\n\u2022\na change in trade promotion and marketing activities, e.g., in response to changes in consumer viewing and shopping habits resulting from the cancellation of major events, travel restrictions, and in-store shopping practices, could adversely affect our current and future product sales;\n\u2022\nan impairment in the carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets or a change in the useful life of definite-lived intangible assets has occurred and may again occur if there are sustained changes in government restrictions, consumer purchasing behaviors, or our financial results, particularly in our Canada Foodservice reporting unit, as there may be a heightened risk of impairment if there is a sustained decrease in demand in away-from-home establishments;\n\u2022\na change in our five-year operating plan, which could cause a change in the allocation of investments among our reporting units, our growth expectations, and our fair value estimates, each of which could result in an impairment in the carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets; and\n8\n\u2022\nan increase in working capital needs and/or an increase in trade receivables write-offs as a result of increased financial pressures on our suppliers or customers.\nAdditionally, should any key employees become ill from COVID-19 and unable to work, the attention of the management team and resources could be diverted.\nThe potential effects of COVID-19 could also heighten the risks we face related to each of the risk factors disclosed below. As COVID-19 and its impacts are unprecedented and continuously evolving, the potential impacts to these risk factors remain uncertain. As a result, COVID-19 may also materially adversely affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not currently known to us or that we do not currently consider to present material risks to our operations.\nWe operate in a highly competitive industry.\nThe food and beverage industry is highly competitive across all of our product offerings. Our principal competitors in these categories are manufacturers as well as retailers with their own branded and private label products. We compete based on product innovation, price, product quality, nutritional value, service, taste, convenience, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and distribution, promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy changing consumer preferences.\nWe may need to reduce our prices in response to competitive and customer pressures, including pressures related to private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. These pressures have restricted and may in the future continue to restrict our ability to increase prices in response to commodity and other cost increases, including those related to inflationary pressures. Failure to effectively assess, timely change, and properly set pricing, promotions, or trade incentives may negatively impact our ability to achieve our objectives.\nThe rapid emergence of new distribution channels, particularly e-commerce, may create consumer price deflation, affecting our retail customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases, including those related to inflationary pressures. We may also need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing, retail trade incentives, materials, advertising, and new product, platform, or channel innovation to maintain or increase market share. These expenditures are subject to risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. If we are unable to compete effectively, our profitability, financial condition, and operating results may decline.\nOur success depends on our ability to correctly predict, identify, and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, to offer new products to meet those changes, and to respond to competitive innovation.\nConsumer preferences for food and beverage products change continually and rapidly. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to consumer preferences, including with respect to health and wellness. Moreover, weak economic conditions, recessions, inflation, or other factors, such as global or local pandemics and severe or unusual weather events, could affect consumer preferences and demand. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers, our sales and market share will decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nWe must distinguish between short-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, we must offer an array of products that satisfies a broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across product categories or platforms, or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster-growing or more profitable categories, demand for our products could decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nProlonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food and beverage products (including as they relate to obesity or other health concerns) could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may not be successful in our efforts. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\n9\nIn addition, achieving growth depends on our successful development, introduction, and marketing of innovative new products and line extensions. There are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. We may be required to increase expenditures for new product development. Successful innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance, to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights, and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances by and intellectual property rights of our competitors, and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nChanges in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail customers could adversely affect our financial performance.\nRetail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs, and food distributors in our major markets, may continue to consolidate, resulting in fewer but larger customers for our business across various channels. These larger customers may seek to leverage their positions to improve their profitability by demanding improved efficiency, lower pricing, more favorable terms, increased promotional programs, or specifically tailored product offerings. In addition, larger retailers have scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own private label products. Retail consolidation and increasing retailer power could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nRetail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers\u2019 business operations or financial performance may have a corresponding adverse effect on us, which could be material. For example, if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing, then they may delay, decrease, or cancel purchases of our products, or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nIn addition, technology-based systems, which give consumers the ability to shop through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, are also significantly altering the retail landscape in many of our markets. If we are unable to adjust to developments in these changing landscapes, we may be disadvantaged in key channels and with certain consumers, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nChanges in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships, could adversely impact us.\nWe derive significant portions of our sales from certain significant customers (see \nSales and Customers\n within Item 1, \nBusiness\n). Some or all of our significant customers may not continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may demand lower pricing and focus on developing their own brands. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales or a change in the mix of products we sell to a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nDisputes with significant suppliers, including disputes related to pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, terminations of relationships with other significant contractual counterparties, including licensors, could adversely affect our portfolio, product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nIn addition, the financial condition of such customers, suppliers, and other significant contractual counterparties are affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. Significant deteriorations in the financial conditions of significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nMaintaining, extending, and expanding our reputation and brand image are essential to our business success.\nWe have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition across the globe. Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new product offerings.\nWe seek to maintain, extend, and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, and product innovation. Negative perceptions of food and beverage marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and scrutiny of our marketing practices. Moreover, adverse publicity about legal or regulatory action against us, our quality and safety, our environmental or social impacts, our products becoming unavailable to consumers, or our suppliers and, in some cases, our competitors, could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers\u2019 or our consumers\u2019 confidence, and reduce demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. Furthermore, existing or increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our \n10\nadvertising, consumer promotions, and marketing, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend, and expand our brands.\nIn addition, our success in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. The growing use of social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information, including misinformation, and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands or our products, or our suppliers and, in some cases, our competitors, on social or digital media, whether or not valid, could seriously damage our brands and reputation. In addition, we might fail to appropriately target our marketing efforts, anticipate consumer preferences, or invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image. If we do not maintain, extend, and expand our reputation or brand image, then our product sales, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.\nWe must leverage our brand value to compete against private label products.\nIn nearly all of our product categories, we compete with branded products as well as private label products, which are typically sold at lower prices. Our products must provide higher value and/or quality to our consumers than alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty or inflation. Consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value and/or quality between our products and private label products change in favor of competitors\u2019 products or if consumers perceive such a change. If consumers prefer private label products, then we could lose market share or sales volumes, or our product mix could shift to lower margin offerings. A change in consumer preferences could also cause us to increase capital, marketing, and other expenditures, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nWe may be unable to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms, increase our market share, or add products that are in faster-growing and more profitable categories.\nOur future results will depend on our ability to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms as well as growth in the food and beverage industry in the countries in which we operate. Our future results will also depend on our ability to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products in faster-growing and more profitable categories or platforms and our ability to increase market share in our existing product categories or platforms. Our failure to drive revenue growth, limit market share decreases in our key product categories or platforms, or develop innovative products for new and existing categories or platforms could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nProduct recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect us.\nSelling products for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, including product contamination, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration. We have decided and could in the future decide to, and have been or could in the future be required to, recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, adulteration, product mislabeling or misbranding, tampering, undeclared allergens, or other deficiencies. Product recalls or market withdrawals could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time. \nWe could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain of our food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. Adverse attention about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation, discourage consumers from buying our products, or cause production and delivery disruptions that could negatively impact our net sales and financial condition.\nWe may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations, or if our products cause injury, illness, or death. In addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal judgment or a related regulatory enforcement action against us, or a significant product recall, may materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit, or is not pursued to conclusion, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nClimate change and legal or regulatory responses may have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.\nGlobal average temperatures are gradually increasing due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, which may contribute to significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of natural resources and commodities, including dairy products, meat products, coffee beans, soybean and vegetable oils, sugar and other sweeteners, tomatoes, potatoes, corn products, wheat products, nuts, cocoa products, cucumbers, onions, other fruits and vegetables, spices, and flour used to \n11\nmanufacture our products, and could further decrease food security for communities around the world. Climate change could also affect our ability to procure necessary commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience and may require us to make additional unplanned capital expenditures. Increasing concern over climate change may also adversely impact demand for our products, or increase operating costs, due to changes in consumer preferences that cause consumers to switch away from products or ingredients considered to have a high climate change impact. \nAdditionally, there is an increased focus by foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, energy policies, and sustainability. Increased energy or compliance costs and expenses due to the impacts of climate change and additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change or designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment could be costly and may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our manufacturing and processing facilities and our business, as well as increase distribution and supply chain costs. Moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes to our business operations and strategy, which will likely incur substantial time, attention, and costs. Even if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. The effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. \nFinally, we might fail to effectively address increased attention from the media, stockholders, activists, and other stakeholders on climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. Such failure, or the perception that we have failed to act responsibly with respect to such matters or to effectively respond to new or additional regulatory requirements regarding climate change, whether or not valid, could result in adverse publicity and negatively affect our business and reputation. Moreover, from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments, including to reduce our impact on the environment. Our ability to achieve any stated goal, target, or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. If we fail to achieve, or are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report on our progress toward achieving these goals and commitments, it could negatively affect consumer preference for our products or investor confidence in our stock, as well as expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation.\nBusiness Risks\nWe may not successfully identify, complete, or realize the benefits from strategic acquisitions, alliances, divestitures, joint ventures, or other investments.\nFrom time to time, we have evaluated and may continue to evaluate acquisition candidates, alliances, joint ventures, or other investments that may strategically fit our business objectives, and, as a result of some of these evaluations, we have acquired businesses or assets that we deem to be a strategic fit. We have also divested and may consider divesting businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives or growth or profitability targets. These activities may present financial, managerial, and operational risks including, but not limited to, diversion of management\u2019s attention from existing core businesses, difficulties integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, inability to effectively and immediately implement control environment processes across a diverse employee population, adverse effects on existing or acquired customer and supplier business relationships, and potential disputes with buyers, sellers, or partners. Activities in such areas are regulated by numerous antitrust and competition laws in the United States, Canada, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and other jurisdictions. We have in the past and may in the future be required to obtain approval of these transactions by competition authorities or to satisfy other legal requirements, and we may be unable to obtain such approvals or satisfy such requirements, each of which may result in additional costs, time delays, or our inability to complete such transactions.\nTo the extent we undertake acquisitions, alliances, joint ventures, investments, or other developments outside our established regions or in new categories, we may face additional risks related to such developments. For example, risks related to foreign operations include compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, such as the FCPA, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, compliance with foreign regulations and laws, including tax laws, and exposure to politically and economically volatile developing markets. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\n12\nTo the extent we undertake divestitures, we may face additional risks related to such activities. For example, risks related to our ability to find appropriate buyers, execute transactions on favorable terms, separate divested business operations with minimal impact to our remaining operations, and effectively manage any transitional service arrangements. Further, our divestiture activities have in the past required, and may in the future require, us to recognize impairment charges. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. \nWe may not be able to successfully execute our strategic initiatives.\nWe plan to continue to conduct strategic initiatives in various markets. Consumer demands, behaviors, tastes, and purchasing trends may differ in these markets and, as a result, our sales strategies may not be successful and our product sales may not meet expectations, or the margins on those sales may be less than currently anticipated. We may also face difficulties integrating new business operations with our current sourcing, distribution, information technology systems, and other operations. Additionally, we may not successfully complete any planned strategic initiatives, including achieving any previously announced productivity efficiencies and financial targets, any new business may not be profitable or meet our expectations, or any divestiture may not be completed without disruption. Any of these challenges could hinder our success in new markets or new distribution channels, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.\nOur international operations subject us to additional risks and costs and may cause our profitability to decline.\nWe are a global company with sales and operations in numerous countries within developed and emerging markets. Approximately 29% of our 2021 net sales were generated outside of the United States. As a result, we are subject to risks inherent in global operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by market, are described in many of the risk factors discussed in this section and also include:\n\u2022\ncompliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including anti-bribery laws such as the FCPA;\n\u2022\nchanges in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, tax laws or their interpretations, or tax audit implications;\n\u2022\nthe imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, or similar restrictions on our sales or imports, trade agreements, regulations, taxes, or policies that might negatively affect our sales or costs;\n\u2022\nforeign currency devaluations or fluctuations in foreign currency values, including risks arising from the significant and rapid fluctuations in foreign currency exchange markets and the decisions made and positions taken to hedge such volatility;\n\u2022\ncompliance with antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, and a variety of other local, national, and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple jurisdictions;\n\u2022\ndiscriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies in or across foreign jurisdictions;\n\u2022\nchanges in capital controls, including foreign currency exchange controls, governmental foreign currency policies, or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished product into various countries or repatriate cash from outside the United States;\n\u2022\nchallenges associated with cross-border product distribution;\n\u2022\nchanges in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources;\n\u2022\nrisks and costs associated with political and economic instability, corruption, anti-American sentiment, and social and ethnic unrest in the countries in which we operate;\n\u2022\nthe risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application, and enforceability of laws and regulations and the enforceability of contract rights and intellectual property rights;\n\u2022\nchanging labor conditions and difficulties in staffing our operations;\n\u2022\ngreater risk of uncollectible accounts or trade receivables and longer collection cycles; and\n\u2022\ndesign, implementation, and use of effective control environment processes across our various operations and employee base.\nSlow economic growth or high unemployment in the markets in which we operate could constrain consumer spending, and declining consumer purchasing power could adversely impact our profitability. All of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased sales, and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations.\n13\nOur intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands.\nWe consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also our patents, trade secrets, trade dress, copyrights, and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and trade dress laws, as well as licensing agreements, third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements, and policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to develop or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or our technology, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business and financial condition. We also license certain intellectual property, most notably trademarks, from third parties. To the extent that we are not able to contract with these third parties on favorable terms or maintain our relationships with these third parties, our rights to use certain intellectual property could be impacted.\nWe may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands, or products. Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products.\nThe Sponsors have substantial control over us and may have conflicts of interest with us in the future.\nAs of December\u00a025, 2021, the Sponsors own approximately 42% of our common stock. Two of 11 members of our Board are partners and/or board members of 3G Capital and two members of our Board are officers and/or directors of Berkshire Hathaway and/or its affiliates. In addition, Paulo Basilio, our Global Chief Financial Officer, is a partner of 3G Capital. As a result, the Sponsors have the potential to exercise influence over management and have substantial control over Board decisions, including those affecting our capital structure, such as the issuance of additional capital stock, the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the implementation of stock repurchase programs, and the declaration and amount of dividends. The Sponsors also have substantial control over any action requiring the approval of the holders of our common stock, including adopting any amendments to our charter, electing directors, and approving mergers or sales of substantially all of our capital stock or our assets. In addition, to the extent that the Sponsors were to collectively hold a majority of our common stock, they together would have the power to take stockholder action by written consent to adopt amendments to our charter or take other actions, such as corporate transactions, that require the vote of holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock. Furthermore, the Sponsors are in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. The Sponsors may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. So long as the Sponsors continue to own a significant amount of our equity, they will continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control our decisions.\nWe may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness.\nWe have implemented a number of initiatives, including development of an operations center and strategic long-term collaboration with suppliers, that we believe are important to position our business for future success and growth. We have evaluated and continue to evaluate changes to our organizational structure and operations to enable us to reduce costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness. Our future success may depend upon our ability to realize the benefits of these or other cost savings initiatives. In addition, certain of our initiatives may lead to increased costs in other aspects of our business such as increased conversion, outsourcing, or distribution costs. We must accurately predict costs and be efficient in executing any plans to achieve cost savings and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food and beverage industry, particularly in an environment of increased competitive activity. To capitalize on our efforts, we must carefully evaluate investments in our business and execute in those areas with the most potential return on investment. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from any cost-saving efforts, we could be cost disadvantaged in the marketplace, and our competitiveness, production, profitability, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected.\nFinancial Risks\nOur level of indebtedness, as well as our ability to comply with covenants under our debt instruments, could adversely affect our business and financial condition.\nWe have a substantial amount of indebtedness and are permitted to incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness, including secured debt. Our existing debt, together with any incurrence of additional indebtedness, could have important consequences, including, but not limited to:\n14\n\u2022\nincreasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;\n\u2022\nlimiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, research and development, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes;\n\u2022\nresulting in a downgrade to our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, including our commercial paper programs, liquidity, and access to capital markets;\n\u2022\nrestricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures;\n\u2022\nlimiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are not as highly leveraged;\n\u2022\nmaking it more difficult for us to make payments on our existing indebtedness;\n\u2022\nrequiring a substantial portion of cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, payments of dividends, capital expenditures, and future business opportunities;\n\u2022\nexposing us to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency, as we earn profits in a variety of foreign currencies and the majority of our debt is denominated in U.S. dollars; and\n\u2022\nin the case of any additional indebtedness, exacerbating the risks associated with our substantial financial leverage.\nIn addition, we may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or future debt or equity financings may not be available to us to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund other needs. As a result, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. Any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.\nOur indebtedness instruments contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including a financial covenant in our senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the \u201cSenior Credit Facility\u201d) to maintain a minimum shareholders\u2019 equity (excluding accumulated other comprehensive income/(losses)). The creditors who hold our debt could accelerate amounts due in the event that we default, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of the maturity of our other debt. If our operating performance declines, or if we are unable to comply with any covenant, such as our ability to timely prepare and file our periodic reports with the SEC, we have in the past needed and may in the future need to obtain waivers from the required creditors under our indebtedness instruments to avoid being in default.\nIf we breach any covenants under our indebtedness instruments and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required creditors, or we may not be able to remedy compliance within the terms of any waivers approved by the required creditors. If this occurs, we would be in default under our indebtedness instruments and unable to access our Senior Credit Facility. In addition, certain creditors could exercise their rights, as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation.\nAdditional impairments of the carrying amounts of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.\nAs of December\u00a025, 2021, we maintain 14 reporting units, nine of which comprise our goodwill balance. Our indefinite-lived intangible asset balance primarily consists of a number of individual brands\n. \nWe test our reporting units and brands for impairment annually as of the first day of our second quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or brand is less than its carrying amount. Such events and circumstances could include a sustained decrease in our market capitalization, increased competition or unexpected loss of market share, increased input costs beyond projections, disposals of significant brands or components of our business, unexpected business disruptions (for example due to a natural disaster, pandemic, or loss of a customer, supplier, or other significant business relationship), unexpected significant declines in operating results, significant adverse changes in the markets in which we operate, changes in income tax rates, changes in interest rates, or changes in management strategy. We test reporting units for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. We test brands for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each brand with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit or brand exceeds its estimated fair value, we record an impairment loss based on the difference between fair value and carrying amount, in the case of reporting units, not to exceed the associated carrying amount of goodwill.\nFair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates, and market factors. Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units and brands requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, as well as industry, economic, and regulatory conditions. These assumptions and estimates include estimated future annual net cash flows, income tax considerations, discount rates, growth rates, royalty rates, contributory asset charges, and other market factors. If current expectations of future growth rates and margins are not met, if market factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, income tax rates, foreign currency exchange rates, or any factors that could be \n15\naffected by COVID-19, change, or if management\u2019s expectations or plans otherwise change, including updates to our long-term operating plans, then one or more of our reporting units or brands might become impaired in the future, which could negatively affect our operating results or net worth. Additionally, any decisions to divest certain non-strategic assets has led and could in the future lead to goodwill or intangible asset impairments. \nFurther, certain organizational changes have previously impacted, and could in the future impact, our internal reporting and reportable segments. These changes may also affect our reporting unit structure and require an interim impairment test (or transition test). We expect the organizational changes we announced in the fourth quarter of 2021 to impact our future internal reporting, reportable segments, and reporting unit structure and to require an interim impairment test in the second quarter of 2022, once the changes are effective. Additionally, any future plans to change reporting units, including as a result of integrating a new acquisition into an existing reporting unit that has a fair value below carrying amount of goodwill, has led, and could in the future lead, to an impairment of goodwill.\nAs a result of our annual and interim impairment tests and impairment tests related to assets held for sale, we recognized goodwill impairment losses of $318 million and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment losses of $1.3 billion in 2021, goodwill impairment losses of $2.3 billion and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment losses of $1.1 billion in 2020, and goodwill impairment losses of\u00a0$1.2 billion\u00a0and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment losses of\u00a0$702 million\u00a0in 2019. Our\u00a0reporting units and brands that were impaired were written down to their respective fair values resulting in zero excess fair value over carrying amount as of the applicable impairment test dates. Accordingly, these and other reporting units and brands that have 20% or less excess fair value over carrying amount as of the latest 2021 impairment testing date have a heightened risk of future impairments if any assumptions, estimates, or market factors change in the future. Reporting units with 20% or less fair value over carrying amount had an aggregate goodwill carrying amount of $28.3 billion as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date and included: Enhancers, Specialty, and Away from Home (ESA), Kids, Snacks, and Beverages (KSB), Meal Foundations and Coffee (MFC), Canada Retail, Canada Foodservice, and Puerto Rico. Reporting units with between 20-50% fair value over carrying amount had an aggregate goodwill carrying amount of $2.2 billion as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date and included Northern Europe and Asia. The Continental Europe reporting unit had a fair value over carrying amount in excess of 50% and a goodwill carrying amount of $961 million as of its latest 2021 impairment testing date. Brands with 20% or less fair value over carrying amount had an aggregate carrying amount after impairment of $21.3 billion as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date and included: \nKraft\n, \nOscar Mayer\n, \nVelveeta\n, \nMiracle Whip\n, \nLunchables, Ore-Ida, Maxwell House\n, \nClassico, Cool Whip\n, \nJet Puffed\n, \nPlasmon\n, and \nWattie\u2019s. \nThe aggregate carrying amount of brands with fair value over carrying amount between 20-50% was $6.5 billion as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date. Although the remaining\u00a0brands, with a carrying value of $11.8 billion, have more than 50% excess fair value over carrying amount as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date, these amounts are also associated with the 2013 Heinz Acquisition and the 2015 Merger and are recorded on our consolidated balance sheet at their estimated acquisition date fair values. Therefore, if any assumptions, estimates, or market factors change in the future, these amounts are also susceptible to impairments.\nOur net sales and net income may be exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.\nWe derive a substantial portion of our net sales from international operations. We hold assets, incur liabilities, earn revenue, and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Canadian dollar, British pound sterling, euro, Australian dollar, Chinese renminbi, Indonesian rupiah, New Zealand dollar, Brazilian real, and Russian ruble. Since our consolidated financial statements are reported in U.S. dollars, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates from period to period will have an impact on our reported results. We have implemented foreign currency hedges intended to reduce our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. However, these hedging strategies may not be successful, and any of our unhedged foreign exchange exposures will continue to be subject to market fluctuations. In addition, in certain circumstances, we may incur costs in one currency related to services or products for which we are paid in a different currency. As a result, factors associated with international operations, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition.\nCommodity, energy, and other input prices are volatile and could negatively affect our consolidated operating results.\nWe purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including dairy products, meat products, coffee beans, soybean and vegetable oils, sugar and other sweeteners, tomatoes, potatoes, corn products, wheat products, nuts, cocoa products, cucumbers, onions, other fruits and vegetables, spices, and flour to manufacture our products. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of resins, fiberboard, metals, cardboard, glass, paper, plastic, and other materials to package our products, and we use other inputs, such as electricity, natural gas, and water, to operate our facilities. We are also exposed to changes in oil prices, including diesel fuel, which influence both our packaging and transportation costs. Prices for commodities, energy, and other supplies are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict, including global competition for resources, foreign currency fluctuations, severe weather, natural disasters, global climate change, water risk, health pandemics, crop failures, crop shortages due to plant disease or insect and other pest infestation, consumer, industrial, or investment demand, and changes in governmental regulation and trade, tariffs, alternative energy, including increased demand for biofuels, and \n16\nagricultural programs. Additionally, we may be unable to maintain favorable arrangements with respect to the costs of procuring raw materials, packaging, services, and transporting products, which could result in increased expenses and negatively affect our operations. Furthermore, the cost of raw materials and finished products may fluctuate due to movements in cross-currency transaction rates. Rising commodity, energy, and other input costs could materially and adversely affect our cost of operations, including the manufacture, transportation, and distribution of our products, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.\nAlthough we monitor our exposure to commodity and other input prices as an integral part of our overall risk management program, and seek to hedge against input price increases to the extent we deem appropriate, we do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw materials costs. For example, hedging our costs for one of our key commodities, dairy products, is difficult because dairy futures markets are not as liquid as many other commodities futures markets. Continued volatility or sustained increases in the prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase could increase the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer. Moreover, increases in the prices of our products to cover these increased costs may result in lower sales volumes, or we may be constrained from increasing the prices of our products by competitive and consumer pressures. If we are not successful in our hedging activities, or if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs, then commodity and other input price volatility or increases could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.\nIn 2021, we experienced higher than expected commodity costs and supply chain costs, including logistics, procurement, and manufacturing costs, largely due to inflationary pressures. We expect this cost inflation to remain elevated through at least 2022. Although we take measures to mitigate the impact of this inflation through pricing actions and efficiency gains, if these measures are not effective our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, we expect that there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost inflation is incurred. Additionally, the pricing actions we take could result in a decrease in market share.\nVolatility in the market value of all or a portion of the derivatives we use to manage exposures to fluctuations in commodity prices may cause volatility in our gross profit and net income.\nWe use commodity futures, options, and swaps to economically hedge the price of certain input costs, including vegetable oils, diesel fuel, corn products, packaging products, sugar, coffee beans, wheat products, meat products, natural gas, dairy products, and cocoa products. We recognize gains and losses based on changes in the values of these commodity derivatives. We recognize these gains and losses in cost of products sold in our consolidated statements of income to the extent we utilize the underlying input in our manufacturing process. We recognize the unrealized gains and losses on these commodity derivatives in general corporate expenses until realized; once realized, the gains and losses are recorded in the applicable segment\u2019s operating results. Accordingly, changes in the values of our commodity derivatives may cause volatility in our gross profit and net income.\nRegulatory Risks\nOur compliance with laws and regulations, and related legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions, could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.\nAs a large, global food and beverage company, we operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Various laws and regulations govern our practices including, but not limited to, those related to advertising and marketing, product claims and labeling, the environment, intellectual property, consumer protection and product liability, commercial disputes, trade and export controls, anti-trust, data privacy, labor and employment, workplace health and safety, and tax. As a consequence, we face a heightened risk of legal claims and regulatory enforcement actions in the ordinary course of business. In addition, the imposition of new laws, changes in laws or regulatory requirements or changing interpretations thereof, and differing or competing regulations and standards across the markets where our products are made, manufactured, distributed, and sold have in the past and could continue to result in higher compliance costs, capital expenditures, and higher production costs, adversely impacting our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, may result in investigations, legal claims, or litigation against us.\nAs a result of any such legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions, we could be subject to monetary judgments, settlements, and civil and criminal actions, including fines, injunctions, product recalls, penalties, disgorgement of profits, or activity restrictions, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We evaluate these legal claims and regulatory enforcement actions to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves and disclose relevant material litigation claims, legal proceedings, or regulatory enforcement actions as appropriate and in accordance with SEC rules and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (\u201cU.S. GAAP\u201d). \n17\nOur assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates. In addition, even if a claim is unsuccessful, without merit, or not pursued to completion, the cost of defending against or responding to such a claim, including expenses and management time, could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.\nWe previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately and timely report our financial results, which could negatively impact our business, investor confidence, and the price of our common stock.\nAs previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2019, we identified a material weakness in the risk assessment component of internal control over financial reporting as we did not appropriately design controls in response to the risk of misstatement due to changes in our business environment. This material weakness resulted in misstatements that were corrected in the restatement included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2018. This material weakness in risk assessment also contributed to a material weakness arising from supplier contracts and related arrangements. We completed remediation measures related to the material weaknesses and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 27, 2020. Completion of remediation does not provide assurance that our remediation or other controls will continue to operate properly or remain adequate. \nIf we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process, and report financial information accurately and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation, investigations, or penalties; negatively affect our liquidity, our access to capital markets, perceptions of our creditworthiness, our ability to complete acquisitions, our ability to maintain compliance with covenants under our debt instruments or derivative arrangements regarding the timely filing of periodic reports, or investor confidence in our financial reporting; or cause defaults, accelerations, or cross-accelerations under our debt instruments or derivative arrangements to the extent we are unable to obtain waivers from the required creditors or counterparties or to cure any breaches, any of which may require management resources or cause our stock price to decline.\nA downgrade in our credit rating could adversely impact interest costs or access to future borrowings.\nOur borrowing costs can be affected by short and long-term credit ratings assigned by rating organizations. A decrease in these credit ratings could limit our access to capital markets and increase our borrowing costs, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. In February 2020, Moody\u2019s Investor Services, Inc. (\u201cMoody\u2019s\u201d) affirmed our long-term credit rating of Baa3 with a negative outlook and Fitch Ratings (\u201cFitch\u201d) and S&P Global Ratings (\u201cS&P\u201d) downgraded our long-term credit rating from BBB- to BB+ with a stable outlook from Fitch and a negative outlook from S&P. The downgrades by Fitch and S&P reduce our senior debt below investment grade, potentially resulting in higher borrowing costs on future financings and limiting access to our commercial paper program and other sources of funding which may result in us having to use more expensive sources of liquidity, such as our Senior Credit Facility. These downgrades do not constitute a default or event of default under our debt instruments. As of the date of this filing, we maintain a positive outlook from Fitch and S&P and a stable outlook from Moody\u2019s.\nRegistered Securities Risks\nSales of our common stock in the public market could cause volatility in the price of our common stock or cause the share price to fall.\nSales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, sales of our common stock by the Sponsors, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock, and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. A sustained depression in the market price of our common stock has happened (which was a contributing factor to our decision to perform interim impairment tests for certain reporting units and brands in 2019 for which we ultimately recorded impairment losses) and could in the future happen, which could also reduce our market capitalization below the book value of net assets, which could increase the likelihood of recognizing goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment losses that could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.\nKraft Heinz, 3G Global Food Holdings, and Berkshire Hathaway entered into a registration rights agreement requiring us to register for resale under the Securities Act all registrable shares held by 3G Global Food Holdings and Berkshire Hathaway, which represents all shares of our common stock held by the Sponsors as of the date of the closing of the 2015 Merger. As of December\u00a025, 2021, registrable shares represented approximately 42% of all outstanding shares of our common stock. Although the registrable shares are subject to certain holdback and suspension periods, the registrable shares are not subject to a \u201clock-up\u201d or similar restriction under the registration rights agreement. Accordingly, offers and sales of a large number of registrable shares may be made pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the registration rights agreement. Sales of our common stock by the Sponsors to other persons would likely result in an \n18\nincrease in the number of shares being traded in the public market and may increase the volatility of the price of our common stock.\nOur ability to pay regular dividends to our stockholders and the amounts of any such dividends are subject to the discretion of the Board and may be limited by our financial condition, debt agreements, or limitations under Delaware law.\nAlthough it is currently anticipated that we will continue to pay regular quarterly dividends, any such determination to pay dividends and the amounts thereof will be at the discretion of the Board and will be dependent on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, income, legal requirements, including limitations under Delaware law, debt agreements, and other factors the Board deems relevant. The Board has previously decided, and may in the future decide, in its sole discretion, to change the amount or frequency of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. For these reasons, stockholders will not be able to rely on dividends to receive a return on investment. Accordingly, realization of any gain on shares of our common stock may depend on the appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may never occur.\nGeneral Risk Factors\nUnanticipated business disruptions and natural events in the locations in which we or our customers, suppliers, distributors, or regulators operate could adversely affect our ability to provide products to our customers or our results of operations.\nWe have a complex network of suppliers, owned and leased manufacturing locations, co-manufacturing locations, distribution networks, and information systems that support our ability to consistently provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, such as weather or other geological events or natural disasters (including hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, tsunamis, or wild fires), raw material shortages, fires or explosions, political unrest, geopolitical conflicts, terrorism, civil strife, acts of war, public corruption, expropriation, generalized labor unrest or labor shortages, or health pandemics (including COVID-19), could damage or disrupt our operations or the operations of our customers, suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors, or regulators. These factors include, but are not limited to:\n\u2022\nnatural disasters or other disruptions at any of our facilities or our suppliers\u2019 or distributors\u2019 facilities may impair or delay the delivery of our products; and\n\u2022\ninfluenza or other pandemics, such as COVID-19, could disrupt production of our products, reduce demand for certain of our products, or disrupt the marketplace in the away-from-home or retail environment with consequent material adverse effects on our results of operations.\nThese or other disruptions may require additional resources to restore our supply chain or distribution network. While we insure against many of these events and certain business interruption risks and have policies and procedures to manage business continuity planning, such insurance may not compensate us for any losses incurred and our business continuity plans may not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner. To the extent we are unable to respond to disruptions in our operations, whether by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations; to quickly repair damage to our information, production, or supply systems; or to financially mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or effectively manage them if they occur, we may be late in delivering, or unable to deliver, products to our customers or to track orders, inventory, receivables, and payables. If that occurs, our customers\u2019 confidence in us and long-term demand for our products could decline. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations.\nOur performance may be adversely affected by economic and political conditions in the United States and in various other nations where we do business.\nOur performance has been in the past and may continue in the future to be impacted by economic and political conditions in the United States and in other nations where we do business. Economic and financial uncertainties in our international markets, changes to major international trade arrangements, and the imposition of tariffs by certain foreign governments could negatively impact our operations and sales. For example, in 2020, the United Kingdom formally withdrew from the European Union (commonly referred to as \u201cBrexit\u201d) and subsequently entered into a trade agreement with the European Union, and we continue to monitor economic and political developments related to Brexit, including the potential for supply chain disruptions. Other factors impacting our operations in the United States and in international locations where we do business include export and import restrictions, foreign currency exchange rates, foreign currency devaluation, cash repatriation restrictions, recessionary conditions, foreign ownership restrictions, nationalization, the impact of hyperinflationary environments, terrorist acts, and political unrest. Such factors in either domestic or foreign jurisdictions, and our responses to them, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\n19\nWe rely on our management team and other key personnel and may be unable to hire or retain key personnel or a highly skilled and diverse global workforce.\nWe depend on the skills, working relationships, and continued services of key personnel, including our experienced management team. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train, and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train, and retain other talented personnel and a diverse global workforce with the skills and in the locations we need to operate and grow our business.\u00a0Unplanned turnover, failure to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities such as\u00a0e-commerce\u00a0and digital marketing skills, or failure to develop adequate succession plans for leadership positions, including the Chief Executive Officer position, could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. Changes in immigration laws and policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate skilled employees. Any such loss, failure, or limitation could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.\nWe are significantly dependent on information technology, and we may be unable to protect our information systems against service interruption, misappropriation of data, or breaches of security.\nWe rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic and financial information, to manage a variety of business processes and activities, and to comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our locations, personnel, customers, and suppliers. These information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, may be susceptible to damage, invasions, disruptions, or shutdowns due to hardware failures, computer viruses, hacker attacks and other cybersecurity risks, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophic events, or other factors. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown, by unintentional or malicious actions of employees and contractors or by cyberattacks, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience business disruptions, reputational damage, transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the leakage of confidential information, and the loss of customers and sales, causing our product sales, financial condition, and operating results to be adversely affected and the reporting of our financial results to be delayed.\nIn addition, if we are unable to prevent security breaches or disclosure of non-public information, we may suffer financial and reputational damage, litigation or remediation costs, fines, or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our partners, customers, consumers, or suppliers.\nMisuse, leakage, or falsification of information could result in violations of data privacy laws and regulations, damage to our reputation and credibility, loss of opportunities to acquire or divest of businesses or brands, and loss of our ability to commercialize products developed through research and development efforts and, therefore, could have a negative impact on net sales. In addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us, our current or former employees, or to our suppliers or consumers, and may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. We could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems.\nWe are also subject to various laws and regulations that are continuously evolving and developing regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. Such laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation and application, may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, which can result in inconsistent or conflicting requirements. The European Union\u2019s General Data Protection Regulation (\u201cGDPR\u201d), which became effective in May 2018, adds a broad array of requirements with respect to personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches, and imposes substantial penalties for non-compliance. The California Consumer Privacy Act (\u201cCCPA\u201d), which became effective in January 2020, among other things, imposes additional requirements with respect to disclosure and deletion of personal information of California residents. The CCPA provides civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches. GDPR, CCPA, and other privacy and data protection laws may increase our costs of compliance and risks of non-compliance, which could result in substantial penalties.\nOur results could be adversely impacted as a result of increased pension, labor, and people-related expenses.\nInflationary pressures, shortages in the labor market, increased employee turnover, and changes in the availability of our workers could increase labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition. Our labor costs include the cost of providing employee benefits in the United States, Canada, and other foreign jurisdictions, including pension, health and welfare, and severance benefits. Any declines in market returns could adversely impact the funding of pension plans, the assets of which are invested in a diversified portfolio of equity and fixed-income securities and other investments. Additionally, the annual costs of benefits vary with increased costs of health care and the outcome of collectively bargained wage and benefit agreements.\n20\nFurthermore, we may be subject to increased costs or experience adverse effects to our operating results if we are unable to renew collectively bargained agreements on satisfactory terms. Our financial condition and ability to meet the needs of our customers could be materially and adversely affected if strikes or work stoppages and interruptions occur as a result of delayed negotiations with union-represented employees both in and outside of the United States.\nWe have observed an increasingly competitive labor market. Increased employee turnover, changes in the availability of our workers, including as a result of COVID-19-related absences, and labor shortages in our supply chain have resulted in, and could continue to result in, increased costs and have, and could again, impact our ability to meet consumer demand, both of which could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.\nChanges in tax laws and interpretations could adversely affect our business.\nWe are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and foreign tax liabilities are dependent on the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed. Additionally, the amount of taxes paid is subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. A number of factors influence our effective tax rate, including changes in tax laws and treaties as well as the interpretation of existing laws and rules. Federal, state, and local governments and administrative bodies within the United States, which represents the majority of our operations, and other foreign jurisdictions have implemented, or are considering, a variety of broad tax, trade, and other regulatory reforms that may impact us. Moreover, under the current U.S. presidential administration, comprehensive changes to U.S. federal income tax laws have been proposed, including, among others, a proposal to increase the federal tax on global intangible low-taxed income (\u201cGILTI\u201d). Additionally, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), a global coalition of member countries, proposed a two-pillar plan to reform international taxation. The proposals aim to ensure a fairer distribution of profits among countries and impose a floor on tax competition through the introduction of a global minimum tax. It is not currently possible to accurately determine the potential comprehensive impact of these or future changes, but these changes could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, financial condition, and business.\nSignificant judgment, knowledge, and experience are required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Our future effective tax rate is impacted by a number of factors including changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in geographic mix of income, increases in expenses not deductible for tax, including impairment of goodwill, and changes in available tax credits. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are also regularly subject to audits by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes more difficult. The results of an audit or litigation could adversely affect our financial statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made.\nVolatility of capital markets or macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our business.\nChanges in financial and capital markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity, and interest rate volatility, may increase the cost of financing as well as the risks of refinancing maturing debt. Our U.S. dollar variable rate debt uses London Interbank Offered Rate (\u201cLIBOR\u201d) as a benchmark for determining interest rates and the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom intends to phase out the LIBOR rates associated with our outstanding variable rate debt by the end of June 2023. Based on our review of our debt securities, credit facilities, including our uncommitted revolving credit line, derivative instruments, and certain of our significant commercial contracts that may utilize LIBOR as the reference rate, we do not currently expect that the transition from LIBOR, including any legal or regulatory changes made in response to its future phase out, or the risks related to its discontinuance will have a material effect on our financing costs. However, we continue to evaluate the potential impact, which remains subject to uncertainty.\nSome of our customers and counterparties are highly leveraged. Consolidations in some of the industries in which our customers operate have created larger customers, some of which are highly leveraged and facing increased competition and continued credit market volatility. These factors have caused some customers to be less profitable, increasing our exposure to credit risk. A significant adverse change in the financial and/or credit position of a customer or counterparty could require us to assume greater credit risk relating to that customer or counterparty and could limit our ability to collect receivables. This could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and liquidity.", "item7": ">Item 7.  Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.\nOverview\nObjective:\nThe following discussion provides an analysis of our financial condition and results of operations from management's perspective and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our objective is to also provide discussion of material events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be indicative of future operating results or of future financial condition and to offer information that provides an understanding of our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.\nSee below for discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020. See Item 7, \nManagement\u2019s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\n, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 26, 2020 for a detailed discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019.\nDescription of the Company: \nWe manufacture and market food and beverage products, including condiments and sauces, cheese and dairy, meals, meats, refreshment beverages, coffee, and other grocery products throughout the world.\nWe manage and report our operating results through three reportable segments defined by geographic region: United States, International, and Canada.\nDuring the fourth quarter of 2021, certain organizational changes were announced that will impact our future internal reporting and reportable segments. As a result of these changes, we plan to combine our United States and Canada zones to form the North America zone, and expect to have two reportable segments, North America and International. We expect that any change to our reportable segments will be effective in the second quarter of 2022.\nSee Note 21, \nSegment Reporting\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for our financial information by segment.\nAcquisitions and Divestitures:\nIn 2021, we completed the sale of certain assets in our global nuts business (the \u201cNuts Transaction\u201d) as well as the sale of certain assets in our global cheese businesses (the \u201cCheese Transaction\u201d). \nThe Nuts Transaction and the Cheese Transaction are not, individually or in the aggregate, considered a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations or financial results; therefore, the results of these businesses are included in continuing operations through the date of each sale. \nAdditionally, in 2021, we completed the acquisition of Assan G\u0131da Sanayi ve Ticaret A.\u015e. (the \u201cAssan Foods Acquisition\u201d) and BR Spices\n Ind\u00fastria e Com\u00e9rcio de Alimentos Ltda (the \u201cBR Spices Acquisition\u201d), both of which are in our International segment.\n See Note 4, \nAcquisitions and Divestitures\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for additional information.\nItems Affecting Comparability of Financial Results\nImpairment Losses:\nOur results of operations reflect goodwill impairment losses of $318 million and intangible asset impairment losses of $1.3 billion in 2021 compared to goodwill impairment losses of $2.3 billion and intangible asset impairment losses of $1.1 billion in 2020. See Note 4, \nAcquisitions and Divestitures\n, and Note 9, \nGoodwill and Intangible Assets\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for additional information on these impairment losses.\nCOVID-19 Impacts:\nWe have been actively monitoring the impact of COVID-19 on our business. In 2020, particularly in March and April, we experienced consolidated net sales growth as higher demand for our retail products more than offset declines in our foodservice business. In 2021, we continued to experience strong retail demand compared to pre-pandemic periods. However, retail consumption declined when compared to the comparable 2020 period based on the strong consumer demand early on in the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in March and April 2020. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021 and continuing through year end, our foodservice business experienced increased consumer demand compared to the comparable 2020 periods, which were negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, we continue to see decreased foodservice demand in certain parts of our global business, including the United States and Canada, compared to pre-pandemic periods. COVID-19 and its impacts are unprecedented and continuously evolving, and the long-term impacts to our financial condition and results of operations are still uncertain.\n24\nSee \nLiquidity and Capital Resources\n for additional information related to the impact of COVID-19 on our overall results. For information related to the impact of COVID-19 on our segment results see \nResults of Operations by Segment\n.\nInflation and Supply Chain Impacts:\nIn 2021, we experienced higher than expected commodity costs and supply chain costs, including logistics, procurement, and manufacturing costs, largely due to inflationary pressures. We expect this cost inflation to remain elevated through at least 2022. While these costs have a negative impact on our results of operations, we are currently taking measures to mitigate, and expect to continue to take measures to mitigate, the impact of this inflation through pricing actions and efficiency gains. However, we expect that there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost inflation is incurred. Additionally, the pricing actions we take could result in a decrease in market share.\nAdditionally, given the increased demand for our products combined with industry-wide supply chain issues, we have experienced capacity constraints for certain products when demand has exceeded our current manufacturing capacity. As discussed in \nLiquidity and Capital Resources\n, we are working to expand capacity through increased capital investments. However, until these capacity constraints are alleviated, these constraints have the potential to impact our service levels, market share, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. \nWe have observed an increasingly competitive labor market. Increased employee turnover, changes in the availability of our workers, including as a result of COVID-19-related absences, and labor shortages in our supply chain have resulted in, and could continue to result in, increased costs and have, and could again, impact our ability to meet consumer demand, both of which could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.\nResults of Operations\nWe disclose in this report certain non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures assist management in comparing our performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision-making by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect our underlying operations. For additional information and reconciliations from our consolidated financial statements see \nNon-GAAP Financial Measures.\nConsolidated Results of Operations\nSummary of Results:\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n% Change\n(in millions, except per share data)\nNet sales\n$\n26,042\u00a0\n$\n26,185\u00a0\n(0.5)\n%\nOperating income/(loss)\n3,460\u00a0\n2,128\u00a0\n62.6\u00a0\n%\nNet income/(loss)\n1,024\u00a0\n361\u00a0\n183.7\u00a0\n%\nNet income/(loss) attributable to common shareholders\n1,012\u00a0\n356\u00a0\n184.5\u00a0\n%\nDiluted EPS\n0.82\u00a0\n0.29\u00a0\n182.8\u00a0\n%\nNet Sales:\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n% Change\n(in millions)\nNet sales\n$\n26,042\u00a0\n$\n26,185\u00a0\n(0.5)\n%\nOrganic Net Sales\n(a)\n23,714\u00a0\n23,293\u00a0\n1.8\u00a0\n%\n(a) \n\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\nOrganic Net Sales is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the \nNon-GAAP Financial Measures \nsection at the end of this item. \nFiscal\n \nYear 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year 2020:\nNet sales decreased 0.5% to $26.0 billion in 2021 compared to $26.2 billion in 2020, including the unfavorable impact of divestitures (3.5 pp) and the favorable impact of foreign currency (1.2 pp). Organic Net Sales increased 1.8% to $23.7 billion in 2021 compared to $23.3 billion in 2020, driven by higher pricing (2.3 pp), which more than offset unfavorable volume/mix (0.5 pp). Pricing was higher across all segments, while unfavorable volume/mix in our United States and Canada segments more than offset favorable volume/mix in our International segment.\n25\nNet Income/(Loss):\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n% Change\n(in millions)\nOperating income/(loss)\n$\n3,460\u00a0\n$\n2,128\u00a0\n62.6\u00a0\n%\nNet income/(loss)\n1,024\u00a0\n361\u00a0\n183.7\u00a0\n%\nNet income/(loss) attributable to common shareholders\n1,012\u00a0\n356\u00a0\n184.5\u00a0\n%\nAdjusted EBITDA\n(a)\n6,371\u00a0\n6,669\u00a0\n(4.5)\n%\n(a)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the\n Non-GAAP Financial Measures \nsection at the end of this item. \nFiscal\n \nYear 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year 2020:\nOperating income/(loss) increased to $3.5 billion in 2021 compared to $2.1 billion in 2020, primarily driven by lower non-cash impairment losses in the current year. Non-cash impairment losses were $1.6 billion in 2021 compared to $3.4 billion in 2020. The remaining change in operating income/(loss) was a decrease of $447\u00a0million, primarily due to higher supply chain costs, reflecting inflationary pressure in logistics, procurement, and manufacturing costs; higher commodity costs, including key commodity (which we define as dairy, meat, and coffee) and packaging costs; the unfavorable impact of divestitures; higher restructuring expenses in the current period; and costs relating to the settlement of the previously disclosed SEC investigation. These decreases to operating income/(loss) more than offset efficiency gains, higher Organic Net Sales, the favorable impact of foreign currency, lower general corporate expenses, and lower depreciation and amortization expense.\nNet income/(loss) increased 183.7% to $1.0 billion in 2021 compared to $361 million in 2020. This increase was driven by the operating income/(loss) factors discussed above (primarily lower non-cash impairment losses in the current year period), which more than offset higher interest expense and higher tax expense. Other expense/(income) was flat year over year.\n\u2022\nInterest expense was $2.0 billion in 2021 compared to $1.4 billion in 2020. This increase was primarily driven by a $917\u00a0million loss on extinguishment of debt recognized in the current year period related to the $6.0\u00a0billion reduction in our aggregate principal amount of senior notes from our tender offers, debt redemptions, and open-market debt repurchases in 2021 compared to a $124\u00a0million loss on extinguishment of debt recognized in the prior year in connection with our tender offer and debt redemptions in 2020. The 2020 period also included $22\u00a0million of interest expense related to the $4.0 billion drawn on our Senior Credit Facility in the first quarter of 2020 and repaid in the second quarter of 2020. The remaining change in interest expense was a decrease of approximately $118\u00a0million compared to the prior year period, as our long-term debt balance and associated interest expense were reduced through tender offers, debt redemptions, debt repurchases, and repayments.\n\u2022\nOur effective tax rate was 40.1% in 2021 compared to 65.0% in 2020. Our 2021 effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by rate reconciling items, primarily the tax impacts related to acquisitions and divestitures, which mainly reflect the impacts of the Nuts Transaction and Cheese Transaction, partially offset by current year capital losses; the revaluation of our deferred tax balances due to changes in international and state tax rates, mainly an increase in U.K. tax rates; the impact of the federal tax on GILTI; and non-deductible goodwill impairments. These impacts were partially offset by a favorable geographic mix of pre-tax income in various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Our 2020 effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by rate reconciling items, primarily related to non-deductible goodwill impairments, the impact of the federal tax on GILTI, and the revaluation of our deferred tax balances due to changes in international tax laws. These impacts were partially offset by a more favorable geographic mix of pre-tax income in various non-U.S. jurisdictions and the favorable impact of establishing certain deferred tax assets for state tax deductions.\n\u2022\nOther expense/(income) was $295 million of income in 2021 compared to $296 million of income in 2020. This change was primarily driven by an $86 million net loss on derivative activities in 2021 compared to a $154\u00a0million net gain on derivative activities in 2020 and a $115\u00a0million decrease in non-cash amortization of postemployment benefit plans prior service credits as compared to the prior year period. These impacts were partially offset by a $101 million net foreign exchange gain in 2021 compared to a $162 million net foreign exchange loss in 2020, a $44 million net gain on sales of businesses in 2021 compared to a $2 million net loss on sales of businesses in 2020, and a $26\u00a0million loss on the dissolution of a joint venture in 2020.\nAdjusted EBITDA decreased 4.5% to $6.4 billion in 2021 compared to $6.7 billion in 2020, including the unfavorable impact of divestitures (2.2 pp) and the favorable impact of foreign currency (0.9 pp). Lower Adjusted EBITDA in the United States more than offset lower general corporate expenses and Adjusted EBITDA growth in our Canada and International segments.\n26\nDiluted Earnings Per Share (\u201cEPS\u201d):\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n% Change\n(in millions, except per share data)\nDiluted EPS\n$\n0.82\u00a0\n$\n0.29\u00a0\n182.8\u00a0\n%\nAdjusted EPS\n(a)\n2.93\u00a0\n2.88\u00a0\n1.7\u00a0\n%\n(a)\n\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\nAdjusted EPS is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the\n Non-GAAP Financial Measures \nsection at the end of this item. \nFiscal\n \nYear 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year 2020:\nDiluted EPS increased 182.8% to $0.82 in 2021 compared to $0.29 in 2020, primarily driven by the net income/(loss) factors discussed above.\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n$ Change\n% Change\nDiluted EPS\n$\n0.82\u00a0\n$\n0.29\u00a0\n$\n0.53\u00a0\n182.8\u00a0\n%\nRestructuring activities\n0.05\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n0.05\u00a0\nUnrealized losses/(gains) on commodity hedges\n0.01\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n0.01\u00a0\nImpairment losses\n1.07\u00a0\n2.59\u00a0\n(1.52)\nCertain non-ordinary course legal and regulatory matters\n0.05\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n0.05\u00a0\nLosses/(gains) on sale of business\n(a)\n0.15\u00a0\n(0.01)\n0.16\u00a0\nDebt prepayment and extinguishment costs\n0.59\u00a0\n0.08\u00a0\n0.51\u00a0\nCertain significant discrete income tax items\n0.19\u00a0\n(0.07)\n0.26\u00a0\nAdjusted EPS\n(b)\n$\n2.93\u00a0\n$\n2.88\u00a0\n$\n0.05\u00a0\n1.7\u00a0\n%\nKey drivers of change in Adjusted EPS\n(b)\n:\nResults of operations\n$\n(0.08)\nResults of divested operations\n(0.10)\nInterest expense\n0.09\u00a0\nOther expense/(income)\n(0.02)\nEffective tax rate\n0.18\u00a0\nEffect of dilutive equity awards\n(c)\n(0.02)\n$\n0.05\u00a0\n(a)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Includes a gain on the remeasurement of a disposal group that was reclassified as held and used in the third quarter of 2021. See Note 4, \nAcquisitions and Divestitures\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for additional information.\n(b) \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the\n Non-GAAP Financial Measures \nsection at the end of this item. \n(c)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Represents the impact of changes in weighted average shares outstanding, primarily due to the dilutive effect of outstanding equity awards.\nAdjusted EPS increased 1.7% to $2.93 in 2021 compared to $2.88 in 2020 primarily driven by lower taxes on adjusted earnings, lower interest expense, and lower depreciation and amortization costs, which more than offset lower Adjusted EBITDA, which includes the impact of our divestitures, higher equity award compensation expense, and unfavorable changes in other expense/(income).\nResults of Operations by Segment\nManagement evaluates segment performance based on several factors, including net sales, Organic Net Sales, and Segment Adjusted EBITDA. Segment Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income/(loss) from continuing operations before interest expense, other expense/(income), provision for/(benefit from) income taxes, and depreciation and amortization (excluding restructuring activities); in addition to these adjustments, we exclude, when they occur, the impacts of divestiture-related license income (e.g., income related to the sale of licenses in connection with the Cheese Transaction), restructuring activities, deal costs, unrealized gains/(losses) on commodity hedges (the unrealized gains and losses are recorded in general corporate expenses until realized; once realized, the gains and losses are recorded in the applicable segment\u2019s operating results), impairment losses, certain non-ordinary course legal and regulatory matters, and equity award compensation expense (excluding restructuring activities). Segment Adjusted EBITDA is a tool that can assist management and investors in comparing our performance on a consistent basis by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect our underlying operations. \n27\nUnder highly inflationary accounting, the financial statements of a subsidiary are remeasured into our reporting currency (U.S. dollars) based on the legally available exchange rate at which we expect to settle the underlying transactions. Exchange gains and losses from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities are reflected in other expense/(income) on our consolidated statement of income, as nonmonetary currency devaluation, rather than accumulated other comprehensive income/(losses) on our consolidated balance sheet, until such time as the economy is no longer considered highly inflationary. See Note 2, \nSignificant Accounting Policies,\n in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for additional information.\nNet Sales:\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n(in millions)\nNet sales:\nUnited States\n$\n18,604\u00a0\n$\n19,204\u00a0\nInternational\n5,691\u00a0\n5,341\u00a0\nCanada\n1,747\u00a0\n1,640\u00a0\nTotal net sales\n$\n26,042\u00a0\n$\n26,185\u00a0\nOrganic Net Sales:\n2021 Compared to 2020\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n(in millions)\nOrganic Net Sales\n(a)\n:\nUnited States\n$\n16,667\u00a0\n$\n16,403\u00a0\nInternational\n5,463\u00a0\n5,299\u00a0\nCanada\n1,584\u00a0\n1,591\u00a0\nTotal Organic Net Sales\n$\n23,714\u00a0\n$\n23,293\u00a0\n(a) \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Organic Net Sales is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the \nNon-GAAP Financial Measures \nsection at the end of this item. \nDrivers of the changes in net sales and Organic Net Sales were:\nNet Sales\nCurrency\nAcquisitions and Divestitures\nOrganic Net Sales\nPrice\nVolume/Mix\n2021 Compared to 2020\nUnited States\n(3.1)\n%\n0.0 pp\n(4.7) pp\n1.6\u00a0\n%\n2.1 pp\n(0.5) pp\nInternational\n6.5\u00a0\n%\n3.4 pp\n0.0 pp\n3.1\u00a0\n%\n2.6 pp\n0.5 pp\nCanada\n6.5\u00a0\n%\n7.0 pp\n(0.1) pp\n(0.4)\n%\n2.9 pp\n(3.3) pp\nKraft Heinz\n(0.5)\n%\n1.2 pp\n(3.5) pp\n1.8\u00a0\n%\n2.3 pp\n(0.5) pp\n28\nAdjusted EBITDA:\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n\u00a0\n(in millions)\nSegment Adjusted EBITDA:\nUnited States\n$\n5,157\u00a0\n$\n5,557\u00a0\nInternational\n1,066\u00a0\n1,058\u00a0\nCanada\n419\u00a0\n389\u00a0\nGeneral corporate expenses\n(271)\n(335)\nDepreciation and amortization (excluding restructuring activities)\n(910)\n(955)\nDivestiture-related license income\n4\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nRestructuring activities\n(84)\n(15)\nDeal costs\n(11)\n(8)\nUnrealized gains/(losses) on commodity hedges\n(17)\n6\u00a0\nImpairment losses\n(1,634)\n(3,413)\nCertain non-ordinary course legal and regulatory matters\n(62)\n\u2014\u00a0\nEquity award compensation expense (excluding restructuring activities)\n(197)\n(156)\nOperating income/(loss)\n3,460\u00a0\n2,128\u00a0\nInterest expense\n2,047\u00a0\n1,394\u00a0\nOther expense/(income)\n(295)\n(296)\nIncome/(loss) before income taxes\n$\n1,708\u00a0\n$\n1,030\u00a0\nUnited States:\n2021 Compared to 2020\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n% Change\n(in millions)\nNet sales\n$\n18,604\u00a0\n$\n19,204\u00a0\n(3.1)\n%\nOrganic Net Sales\n(a)\n16,667\u00a0\n16,403\u00a0\n1.6\u00a0\n%\nSegment Adjusted EBITDA\n5,157\u00a0\n5,557\u00a0\n(7.2)\n%\n(a) \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Organic Net Sales is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the \nNon-GAAP Financial Measures \nsection at the end of this item. \nFiscal\n \nYear 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year 2020:\nNet sales decreased 3.1% to $18.6 billion in 2021 compared to $19.2 billion in 2020, including the unfavorable impact of divestitures (4.7 pp). Organic Net Sales increased 1.6% to $16.7 billion in 2021 compared to $16.4 billion in 2020, driven by higher pricing (2.1 pp), which more than offset unfavorable volume/mix (0.5 pp). Higher pricing was primarily driven by increases to mitigate rising input costs. Unfavorable volume/mix was primarily due to extraordinary COVID-19-related retail takeaway and the negative impact from exiting the \nMcCaf\u00e9\n licensing agreement, both in the prior year period, which more than offset higher foodservice sales and favorable changes in retail inventory levels versus the prior year period.\nSegment Adjusted EBITDA decreased 7.2% to $5.2 billion in 2021 compared to $5.6 billion in 2020, including the unfavorable impact of divestitures (2.5 pp). The remaining change was primarily due to higher commodity costs, including key commodity and packaging costs; higher supply chain costs, reflecting inflationary pressure in logistics, procurement, and manufacturing costs; and lower volume more than offset higher pricing and efficiency gains.\nInternational:\n2021 Compared to 2020\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n% Change\n(in millions)\nNet sales\n$\n5,691\u00a0\n$\n5,341\u00a0\n6.5\u00a0\n%\nOrganic Net Sales\n(a)\n5,463\u00a0\n5,299\u00a0\n3.1\u00a0\n%\nSegment Adjusted EBITDA\n1,066\u00a0\n1,058\u00a0\n0.7\u00a0\n%\n(a)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Organic Net Sales is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the \nNon-GAAP Financial Measures \nsection at the end of this item. \n29\nFiscal\n \nYear 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year 2020:\nNet sales increased 6.5% to $5.7 billion in 2021 compared to $5.3 billion in 2020, including the favorable impact of foreign currency (3.4 pp). Acquisitions and divestitures had an insignificant impact on net sales. Organic Net Sales increased 3.1% to $5.5 billion in 2021 compared to $5.3 billion in 2020, driven by higher pricing (2.6 pp) and favorable volume/mix (0.5 pp). Higher pricing included increases across markets primarily to mitigate rising input costs. Favorable volume/mix was primarily driven by higher foodservice sales in the current year period.\nSegment Adjusted EBITDA increased 0.7% to $1.1 billion in 2021 compared to $1.1 billion in 2020, primarily driven by efficiency gains, higher pricing, favorable mix, and the favorable impact of foreign currency (3.7 pp), which more than offset higher supply chain costs, reflecting inflationary pressure in manufacturing, procurement, and logistics; higher commodity costs; and lower volume.\nCanada:\n2021 Compared to 2020\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\n% Change\n(in millions)\nNet sales\n$\n1,747\u00a0\n$\n1,640\u00a0\n6.5\u00a0\n%\nOrganic Net Sales\n(a)\n1,584\u00a0\n1,591\u00a0\n(0.4)\n%\nSegment Adjusted EBITDA\n419\u00a0\n389\u00a0\n7.8\u00a0\n%\n(a)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Organic Net Sales is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the \nNon-GAAP Financial Measures \nsection at the end of this item. \nFiscal\n \nYear 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year 2020:\nNet sales increased 6.5% to $1.7 billion in 2021 compared to $1.6 billion in 2020, including the favorable impact of foreign currency (7.0 pp) and the unfavorable impact of divestitures (0.1 pp). Organic Net Sales decreased 0.4% to $1.6 billion in 2021 compared to $1.6 billion in 2020, due to unfavorable volume/mix (3.3 pp), which more than offset higher pricing (2.9 pp). Unfavorable volume/mix was primarily due to extraordinary COVID-19-related retail takeaway in the prior year period, which more than offset higher foodservice sales in the current year period. Pricing was higher primarily driven by increases to mitigate rising input costs, particularly in condiments and sauces and foodservice.\nSegment Adjusted EBITDA increased 7.8% to $419 million in 2021 compared to $389 million in 2020, primarily driven by higher pricing, efficiency gains, and the favorable impact of foreign currency (7.1 pp), which more than offset lower volume; higher supply chain costs, reflecting inflationary pressure in manufacturing, procurement, and logistics; and higher commodity costs.\nLiquidity and Capital Resources\nWe believe that cash generated from our operating activities and Senior Credit Facility will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our working capital needs, repayments of long-term debt, future contractual obligations, payment of our anticipated quarterly dividends, planned capital expenditures, restructuring expenditures, and contributions to our postemployment benefit plans for the next 12 months and to fund our announced acquisitions. An additional potential source of liquidity is access to capital markets. We intend to use our cash on hand for daily funding requirements.\nAcquisitions and Divestitures:\nIn the second quarter of 2021, we received approximately $3.4\u00a0billion of cash consideration following the closing of the Nuts Transaction. In connection with the Nuts Transaction, we paid approximately $700\u00a0million of cash taxes in the second half of 2021, primarily to U.S. federal and state tax authorities. We primarily utilized the post-tax transaction proceeds, along with cash on hand, to fund opportunistic repayments of long-term debt, including our tender offers in the second quarter of 2021 and our debt redemption and open market debt repurchases in the third quarter of 2021. \nIn the fourth quarter of 2021, we received approximately $3.2\u00a0billion of cash consideration following the closing of the Cheese Transaction. In connection with the Cheese Transaction, we expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $620\u00a0million in the first half of 2022, primarily to U.S. federal and state tax authorities. We primarily utilized the post-tax transaction proceeds to fund our open market debt repurchases and tender offer in the fourth quarter of 2021.\n30\nAdditionally, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we completed the Assan Foods Acquisition, which included cash consideration of approximately $70\u00a0million, and the BR Spices Acquisition for an insignificant amount of cash consideration. In January 2022, we closed on our purchase of a majority stake in Just Spices GmbH for cash consideration of approximately $243\u00a0million. We expect to close on our purchase of a majority stake in Companhia Hemmer Ind\u00fastria e Com\u00e9rcio in the first half of 2022 for cash consideration of approximately 1.2\u00a0billion Brazilian reais (approximately $211\u00a0million at December\u00a025, 2021).\nSee Note 4, \nAcquisitions and Divestitures\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for additional information on our acquisitions and divestitures. See Note 17, \nDebt\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for additional information on our debt transactions. \nCash Flow Activity for 2021 Compared to 2020:\nNet Cash Provided by/Used for Operating Activities:\nNet cash provided by operating activities was $5.4 billion for the year ended December\u00a025, 2021 compared to $4.9 billion for the year ended December\u00a026, 2020. This increase was primarily driven by proceeds from the sale of licenses in connection with the Cheese Transaction, favorable changes in accounts payable compared to the prior year, largely due to favorable payment terms, and lower cash outflows for inventories. These impacts were partially offset by higher cash tax payments on divestitures in 2021 related to the Nuts Transaction, higher cash outflows for variable compensation in 2021 compared to 2020, higher cash outflows from increased promotional activity versus the prior year period, and lower Adjusted EBITDA.\nNet Cash Provided by/Used for Investing Activities:\nNet cash provided by investing activities was $4.0 billion for the year ended December\u00a025, 2021 compared to net cash used for investing activities of $522 million for the year ended December\u00a026, 2020. This change was primarily driven by proceeds from the sale of net assets in connection with the Nuts Transaction and the Cheese Transaction in the current year, partially offset by higher capital expenditures in 2021 compared to 2020 and the payments for the Assan Foods Acquisition and the BR Spices Acquisition in 2021. We had 2021 capital expenditures of $905 million compared to 2020 capital expenditures of $596 million. This increase is primarily due to increased capital investments, largely for capacity expansion, and the COVID-19 pandemic, which caused delays in our planned 2020 projects and spend. We expect 2022 capital expenditures to be approximately $1.0\u00a0billion, primarily driven by increased capital investments, largely for capacity expansion and cost improvement projects, maintenance, and technology.\nNet Cash Provided by/Used for Financing Activities:\nNet cash used for financing activities was $9.3 billion for the year ended December\u00a025, 2021 compared to $3.3 billion for the year ended December\u00a026, 2020. This change was primarily due to prior year proceeds from long-term debt issuances, higher repayments of long-term debt and debt prepayment and extinguishment costs in 2021 compared to 2020, and higher cash outflows related to equity awards in 2021 compared to 2020. See Note 17, \nDebt\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for additional information on our long-term debt activity.\nCash Held by International Subsidiaries:\nOf the $3.4 billion cash and cash equivalents on our consolidated balance sheet at December\u00a025, 2021, $867 million was held by international subsidiaries.\nSubsequent to January 1, 2018, we consider the unremitted earnings of certain international subsidiaries that impose local country taxes on dividends to be indefinitely reinvested. For those undistributed earnings considered to be indefinitely reinvested, our intent is to reinvest these funds in our international operations, and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate the accumulated earnings to fund our U.S. cash requirements. The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for local country withholding taxes that would be owed related to our 2018 through 2021 accumulated earnings of certain international subsidiaries is approximately $50 million.\nOur undistributed historic earnings in foreign subsidiaries through December 30, 2017 are currently not considered to be indefinitely reinvested. Related to these undistributed historic earnings, we had recorded a deferred tax liability of approximately $10\u00a0million on approximately $135\u00a0million of historic earnings at December\u00a025, 2021 and a deferred tax liability of approximately $20\u00a0million on approximately $300\u00a0million of historic earnings at December\u00a026, 2020. The deferred tax liability relates to local withholding taxes that will be owed when this cash is distributed.\n31\nTrade Payables Programs: \nIn order to manage our cash flow and related liquidity, we work with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which include the extension of payment terms. Our current payment terms with our suppliers, which we deem to be commercially reasonable, generally range from 0 to 200 days. We also maintain agreements with third party administrators that allow participating suppliers to track payment obligations from us, and, at the sole discretion of the supplier, sell one or more of those payment obligations to participating financial institutions. We have no economic interest in a supplier\u2019s decision to enter into these agreements and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions. Our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. Supplier participation in these agreements is voluntary. We estimate that the amounts outstanding under these programs were $820\u00a0million at December\u00a025, 2021 and $740\u00a0million at December\u00a026, 2020. \nBorrowing Arrangements:\nIn February 2020, Fitch and S&P downgraded our long-term credit rating from BBB- to BB+. These downgrades adversely affect our ability to access the commercial paper market. In addition, we could experience an increase in interest costs as a result of the downgrades. These downgrades do not constitute a default or event of default under any of our debt instruments. \nLimitations on or elimination of our ability to access the commercial paper program may require us to borrow under the Senior Credit Facility, if necessary to meet liquidity needs.\n Our ability to borrow under the Senior Credit Facility is not affected by the downgrades. As of the date of this filing, our long-term debt is rated BB+ by both Fitch and S&P and Baa3 by Moody\u2019s, with a positive outlook from Fitch and S&P and a stable outlook from Moody\u2019s.\nWe have historically obtained funding through our U.S. and European commercial paper programs. We had no commercial paper outstanding at December\u00a025, 2021, at December\u00a026, 2020, or during the years ended December\u00a025, 2021 or\n \nDecember\u00a026, 2020.\nWe maintain our Senior Credit Facility, which, following the execution of a commitment increase amendment to the Credit Agreement in October 2020 and the extension letter agreement in April 2021, provides for a revolving commitment of $4.1\u00a0billion through July 6, 2023 and $4.0\u00a0billion through July 6, 2025. Subject to certain conditions, we may increase the amount of revolving commitments and/or add tranches of term loans in a combined aggregate amount of up to $900\u00a0million.\nIn the first quarter of 2020, as a precautionary measure to preserve financial flexibility in light of the uncertainty in the global economy resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, we borrowed $4.0\u00a0billion under our Senior Credit Facility. We repaid the full $4.0\u00a0billion during the second quarter of 2020. No\u00a0amounts were drawn on our Senior Credit Facility at December\u00a025, 2021, at December\u00a026, 2020, or during the years ended December\u00a025, 2021 and December\u00a028, 2019.\nThe Credit Agreement contains representations, warranties, and covenants that are typical for these types of facilities and could upon the occurrence of certain events of default restrict our ability to access our Senior Credit Facility. We were in compliance with all financial covenants as of December\u00a025, 2021.\nLong-Term Debt:\nOur long-term debt, including the current portion, was $21.8 billion at December\u00a025, 2021 and $28.3 billion at December\u00a026, 2020. This decrease was primarily driven by the approximately $4.1\u00a0billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes that were settled in connection with tender offers in 2021, the approximately $1.2\u00a0billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes redeemed in 2021, the approximately $738\u00a0million aggregate principal amount of senior notes repurchased under Rule 10b5-1 plans in 2021, the $111\u00a0million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that were repaid at maturity in February 2021, and the $34\u00a0million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that were repaid at maturity in September 2021. We used cash on hand and proceeds from the Nuts Transaction to fund our tender offers in the second quarter of 2021 and our debt redemption and open market debt repurchases in the third quarter of 2021 and to pay fees and expenses in connection therewith. We used proceeds from the Cheese Transaction to fund our open market repurchases and tender offer in the fourth quarter of 2021 and to pay fees and expenses in connection therewith.\nWe have aggregate principal amounts of senior notes of approximately $6\u00a0million maturing in March 2022, approximately $381\u00a0million maturing in June 2022, and approximately $315\u00a0million maturing in August 2022.\nWe may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through redemptions, tender offers, cash purchases, prepayments, refinancing, exchange offers, open market or privately-negotiated transactions, Rule 10b5-1 plans, or otherwise.\nOur long-term debt contains customary representations, covenants, and events of default. We were in compliance with all financial covenants during the year ended December\u00a025, 2021.\nSee Note 17, \nDebt\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for additional information on our long-term debt activity. See Note 4, \nAcquisitions and Divestitures\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for additional information on the Nuts Transaction and Cheese Transaction.\n32\nEquity and Dividends:\nWe paid common stock dividends of $2.0 billion in 2021, 2020, and 2019. Additionally, in the first quarter of 2022, our Board declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per share of common stock, which is payable on March 25, 2022 to stockholders of record on March 11, 2022.\nThe declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board and depends on various factors, including our net income, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors that our Board deems relevant to its analysis and decision making.\nAggregate Contractual Obligations:\nRelated to our current and long-term material cash requirements, the following table summarizes our aggregate contractual obligations at December\u00a025, 2021, which we expect to primarily fund with cash from operating activities (in millions):\nMaterial Cash Requirements\n2022\n2023-2024\n2025-2026\n2027 and Thereafter\nTotal\nLong-term debt\n(a)\n$\n1,640\u00a0\n$\n3,305\u00a0\n$\n3,644\u00a0\n$\n28,645\u00a0\n$\n37,234\u00a0\nFinance leases\n(b)\n46\u00a0\n56\u00a0\n34\u00a0\n169\u00a0\n305\u00a0\nOperating leases\n(c)\n155\u00a0\n214\u00a0\n150\u00a0\n229\u00a0\n748\u00a0\nPurchase obligations\n(d)\n541\u00a0\n772\u00a0\n401\u00a0\n282\u00a0\n1,996\u00a0\nOther long-term liabilities\n(e)\n39\u00a0\n125\u00a0\n98\u00a0\n167\u00a0\n429\u00a0\nTotal\n$\n2,421\u00a0\n$\n4,472\u00a0\n$\n4,327\u00a0\n$\n29,492\u00a0\n$\n40,712\u00a0\n(a)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Amounts represent the expected cash payments of our long-term debt, including interest on variable and fixed rate long-term debt. Interest on variable rate long-term debt is calculated based on interest rates at December\u00a025, 2021.\n(b)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Amounts represent the expected cash payments of our finance leases, including expected cash payments of interest expense.\n(c)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Operating leases represent the minimum rental commitments under non-cancellable operating leases net of sublease income.\n(d)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0We have purchase obligations for materials, supplies, property, plant and equipment, and co-packing, storage, and distribution services based on projected needs to be utilized in the normal course of business. Other purchase obligations include commitments for marketing, advertising, capital expenditures, information technology, and professional services. Arrangements are considered purchase obligations if a contract specifies all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, a pricing structure, and approximate timing of the transaction. Several of these obligations are long-term and are based on minimum purchase requirements. Certain purchase obligations contain variable pricing components, and, as a result, actual cash payments are expected to fluctuate based on changes in these variable components. Due to the proprietary nature of some of our materials and processes, certain supply contracts contain penalty provisions for early terminations. We do not believe that a material amount of penalties is reasonably likely to be incurred under these contracts based upon historical experience and current expectations. \n(e)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Other long-term liabilities primarily consist of estimated payments for the one-time toll charge related to 2017 U.S. tax reform, as well as postretirement benefit commitments. Certain other long-term liabilities related to income taxes, insurance accruals, and other accruals included on the consolidated balance sheet are excluded from the above table as we are unable to estimate the timing of payments for these items.\nPension plan contributions were $15 million in 2021. We estimate that 2022 pension plan contributions will be approximately $12 million.\u00a0Postretirement benefit plan contributions were $12 million in 2021. We estimate that 2022 postretirement benefit plan contributions will be approximately $13 million. Estimated future contributions take into consideration current economic conditions, which at this time are expected to have minimal impact on expected contributions for 2022. Beyond 2022, we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of contributions to our pension or postretirement plans. Our actual contributions and plans may change due to many factors, including changes in tax, employee benefit, or other laws and regulations, tax deductibility, significant differences between expected and actual pension or postretirement asset performance or interest rates, or other factors. As such, estimated pension and postretirement plan contributions for 2022 have been excluded from the above table.\nAt December\u00a025, 2021, the amount of net unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions, including an accrual of related interest and penalties along with positions only impacting the timing of tax benefits, was approximately $521 million. The timing of payments will depend on the progress of examinations with tax authorities. We do not expect a significant tax payment related to these obligations within the next year. We are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to if or when any significant cash settlements with taxing authorities may occur; therefore, we have excluded the amount of net unrecognized tax benefits from the above table.\nSupplemental Guarantor Information:\nThe Kraft Heinz Company (as the \u201cParent Guarantor\u201d) fully and unconditionally guarantees all the senior unsecured registered notes (collectively, the \u201cKHFC Senior Notes\u201d) issued by Kraft Heinz Foods Company (\u201cKHFC\u201d), our 100% owned operating subsidiary (the \u201cGuarantee\u201d). See Note 17, \nDebt\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for additional descriptions of these guarantees.\nThe payment of the principal, premium, and interest on the KHFC Senior Notes is fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Parent Guarantor, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the applicable indenture. None of the Parent Guarantor\u2019s subsidiaries guarantee the KHFC Senior Notes.\n33\nThe Guarantee is the Parent Guarantor\u2019s senior unsecured obligation and is: (i) \npari passu\n in right of payment with all of the Parent Guarantor\u2019s existing and future senior indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to all of the Parent Guarantor\u2019s future subordinated indebtedness; (iii) effectively subordinated to all of the Parent Guarantor\u2019s existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets secured by that indebtedness; and (iv) effectively subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of the Parent Guarantor\u2019s subsidiaries.\nThe KHFC Senior Notes are obligations exclusively of KHFC and the Parent Guarantor and not of any of the Parent Guarantor\u2019s other subsidiaries. Substantially all of the Parent Guarantor\u2019s operations are conducted through its subsidiaries. The Parent Guarantor\u2019s other subsidiaries are separate legal entities that have no obligation to pay any amounts due under the KHFC Senior Notes or to make any funds available therefor, whether by dividends, loans, or other payments. Except to the extent the Parent Guarantor is a creditor with recognized claims against its subsidiaries, all claims of creditors (including trade creditors) and holders of preferred stock, if any, of its subsidiaries will have priority with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries over its claims (and therefore the claims of its creditors, including holders of the KHFC Senior Notes). Consequently, the KHFC Senior Notes are structurally subordinated to all liabilities of the Parent Guarantor\u2019s subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that it may in the future acquire or establish. The obligations of the Parent Guarantor will terminate and be of no further force or effect in the following circumstances: (i) (a) KHFC\u2019s exercise of its legal defeasance option or, except in the case of a guarantee of any direct or indirect parent of KHFC, covenant defeasance option in accordance with the applicable indenture, or KHFC\u2019s obligations under the applicable indenture have been discharged in accordance with the terms of the applicable indenture or (b) as specified in a supplemental indenture to the applicable indenture; and (ii) the Parent Guarantor has delivered to the trustee an officer\u2019s certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for in the applicable indenture have been complied with. The Guarantee is limited by its terms to an amount not to exceed the maximum amount that can be guaranteed by the Parent Guarantor without rendering the Guarantee voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.\nThe following tables present summarized financial information for the Parent Guarantor and KHFC (as subsidiary issuer of the KHFC Senior Notes) (together, the \u201cObligor Group\u201d), on a combined basis after the elimination of all intercompany balances and transactions between the Parent Guarantor and subsidiary issuer and investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor.\nSummarized Statement of Income\nFor the Year Ended\nDecember 25, 2021\nNet sales\n$\n17,374\u00a0\nGross profit\n(a)\n6,270\u00a0\nGoodwill impairment losses\n230\u00a0\nIntercompany service fees and other recharges\n3,813\u00a0\nOperating income/(loss)\n1,254\u00a0\nEquity in earnings/(losses) of subsidiaries\n1,360\u00a0\nNet income/(loss)\n1,012\u00a0\nNet income/(loss) attributable to common shareholders\n1,012\u00a0\n(a)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0In 2021, the Obligor Group recorded $435\u00a0million of net sales to the non-guarantor subsidiaries and $31\u00a0million of purchases from the non-guarantor subsidiaries.\n34\nSummarized Balance Sheets\nDecember 25, 2021\nASSETS\nCurrent assets\n$\n6,484\u00a0\nCurrent assets due from affiliates\n(a)\n2,890\u00a0\nNon-current assets\n5,709\u00a0\nGoodwill\n8,860\u00a0\nIntangible assets, net\n2,222\u00a0\nNon-current assets due from affiliates\n(b)\n207\u00a0\nLIABILITIES\nCurrent liabilities\n$\n5,091\u00a0\nCurrent liabilities due to affiliates\n(a)\n5,922\u00a0\nNon-current liabilities\n23,120\u00a0\nNon-current liabilities due to affiliates\n(b)\n600\u00a0\n(a)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Represents receivables and short-term lending due from and payables and short-term lending due to non-guarantor subsidiaries.\n(b)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Represents long-term lending due from and long-term borrowings due to non-guarantor subsidiaries.\nCommodity Trends\nWe purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including dairy products, meat products, coffee beans, soybean and vegetable oils, sugar and other sweeteners, tomatoes, potatoes, corn products, wheat products, nuts, and cocoa products, to manufacture our products. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of resins, fiberboard, metals, and cardboard to package our products, and we use electricity, diesel fuel, and natural gas in the manufacturing and distribution of our products. We continuously monitor worldwide supply and cost trends of these commodities.\nFollowing the closing of the Nuts Transaction in the second quarter of 2021, our purchase and use of nuts has significantly decreased. As such, we no longer consider nuts to be one of our key commodities in the United States and Canada.\nWe define our key commodities in the United States and Canada as dairy, meat, and coffee. In 2021, we experienced cost increases for meat and coffee, while costs for dairy decreased. We also experienced cost increases for packaging materials due to market demand. We anticipate higher commodity costs to continue through at least 2022 due to inflationary pressures. We manage commodity cost volatility primarily through pricing and risk management strategies. As a result of these risk management strategies, our commodity costs may not immediately correlate with market price trends.\nIn 2021, dairy commodities, primarily milk and cheese, were the most significant cost components of our cheese products. Following the closing of the Cheese Transaction, we expect dairy commodities, primarily milk, cream, and cheese, to be the most significant components of our cheese products in 2022. We purchase our dairy raw material requirements from independent third parties, such as agricultural cooperatives and independent processors. Market supply and demand, as well as government programs, significantly influence the prices for milk and other dairy products. Significant cost components of our meat products include pork, beef, and poultry, which we primarily purchase from applicable local markets. Livestock feed costs and the global supply and demand for U.S. meats influence the prices of these meat products. The most significant cost component of our coffee products is coffee beans, which we purchase on global markets. Quality and availability of supply, currency fluctuations, and consumer demand for coffee products impact coffee bean prices.\nCritical Accounting Estimates\nNote 2, \nSignificant Accounting Policies\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, includes a summary of the significant accounting policies we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. The following is a review of the more significant assumptions and estimates as well as accounting policies we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements.\n35\nRevenue Recognition:\nOur revenues are primarily derived from customer orders for the purchase of our products. We recognize revenues as performance obligations are fulfilled when control passes to our customers. We record revenues net of variable consideration, including consumer incentives and performance obligations related to trade promotions, excluding taxes, and including all shipping and handling charges billed to customers (accounting for shipping and handling charges that occur after the transfer of control as fulfillment costs). We also record a refund liability for estimated product returns and customer allowances as reductions to revenues within the same period that the revenue is recognized. We base these estimates principally on historical and current period experience factors. We recognize costs paid to third party brokers to obtain contracts as expenses as our contracts are generally less than one year.\nAdvertising, Consumer Incentives, and Trade Promotions:\nWe promote our products with advertising, consumer incentives, and performance obligations related to trade promotions. Consumer incentives and trade promotions include, but are not limited to, discounts, coupons, rebates, performance-based in-store display activities, and volume-based incentives. Variable consideration related to consumer incentive and trade promotion activities is recorded as a reduction to revenues based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. We base these estimates principally on historical utilization, redemption rates, and/or current period experience factors. We review and adjust these estimates at least quarterly based on actual experience and other information. \nAdvertising expenses are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses (\u201cSG&A\u201d). For interim reporting purposes, we charge advertising to operations as a percentage of estimated full year sales activity and marketing costs. We then review and adjust these estimates each quarter based on actual experience and other information. In 2021, we updated our definition of advertising expenses to reflect a more comprehensive view of costs that promote our brands to create or stimulate a desire to buy our products. Our definition of advertising expenses now includes advertising production costs, in-store advertising costs, agency fees, brand promotions and events, and sponsorships, in addition to costs to obtain advertising in television, radio, print, digital, and social channels. We have reflected these changes in all historical periods presented. We recorded advertising expenses of $1,039 million in 2021, $1,070 million in 2020, and $976 million in 2019. We also incur market research costs, which are recorded in SG&A but are excluded from advertising expenses.\nGoodwill and Intangible Assets:\nAs of December\u00a025, 2021, we maintain 14 reporting units, nine of which comprise our goodwill balance. These nine reporting units had an aggregate goodwill carrying amount of $31.3\u00a0billion at December\u00a025, 2021. Our indefinite-lived intangible asset balance primarily consists of a number of individual brands, which had an aggregate carrying amount of $39.4 billion as of December\u00a025, 2021.\nWe test our reporting units and brands for impairment annually as of the first day of our second quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or brand is less than its carrying amount. Such events and circumstances could include a sustained decrease in our market capitalization, increased competition or unexpected loss of market share, increased input costs beyond projections, disposals of significant brands or components of our business, unexpected business disruptions (for example due to a natural disaster, pandemic, or loss of a customer, supplier, or other significant business relationship), unexpected significant declines in operating results, significant adverse changes in the markets in which we operate, changes in income tax rates, changes in interest rates, or changes in management strategy. We test reporting units for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. We test brands for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each brand with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit or brand exceeds its estimated fair value, we record an impairment loss based on the difference between fair value and carrying amount, in the case of reporting units, not to exceed the associated carrying amount of goodwill.\nFair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates, and market factors. Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units and brands requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, as well as industry, economic, and regulatory conditions. These assumptions and estimates include estimated future annual net cash flows, income tax considerations, discount rates, growth rates, royalty rates, contributory asset charges, and other market factors. If current expectations of future growth rates and margins are not met, if market factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, income tax rates, foreign currency exchange rates, or any factors that could be affected by COVID-19, change, or if management\u2019s expectations or plans otherwise change, including updates to our long-term operating plans, then one or more of our reporting units or brands might become impaired in the future. Additionally, any decisions to divest certain non-strategic assets has led and could in the future lead to goodwill or intangible asset impairments.\nIn 2020 and 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic has produced a short-term beneficial financial impact to our consolidated results. Retail sales have increased compared to pre-pandemic periods due to higher than anticipated consumer demand for our products. The foodservice channel, however, has experienced a negative impact from prolonged social distancing mandates limiting access to and capacity at away-from-home establishments for a longer period of time than was expected when they were originally put in place. Our Canada Foodservice reporting unit is the most exposed of our reporting units to the long-term \n36\nimpacts to away-from-home establishments as it is our only standalone foodservice reporting unit. While our other reporting units have varying levels of exposure to the foodservice channel, they also have exposure to the retail channel, which offsets some of the risk associated with the potential long-term impacts of shifts in net sales between retail and away-from-home establishments. Our Canada Foodservice reporting unit was impaired during our 2020 annual impairment test, reflecting our best estimate at that time of the future outlook and risks of this business. The Canada Foodservice reporting unit maintains an aggregate goodwill carrying amount of approximately $154\u00a0million as of December\u00a025, 2021. A number of factors could result in further future impairments of our foodservice businesses, including but not limited to: mandates around closures of dining rooms in restaurants, distancing of people within establishments resulting in fewer customers, the total number of restaurant closures, changes in consumer preferences or regulatory requirements over product formats (e.g., table top packaging vs. single serve packaging), and consumer trends of dining-in versus dining-out. Given the evolving nature of, and uncertainty driven by, the COVID-19 pandemic, we will continue to evaluate the impact on our reporting units as adverse changes to these assumptions could result in future impairments.\nAs we consider the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic with regard to our indefinite-lived intangible assets, a number of factors could have a future adverse impact on our brands, including changes in consumer and consumption trends in both the short and long term, the extent of government mandates to shelter in place, total number of restaurant closures, economic declines, and reductions in consumer discretionary income. We have seen an increase in our retail business, as compared to pre-pandemic levels, in the short term that has more than offset declines in our foodservice business over the same period. Our brands are generally common across both the retail and foodservice businesses and the fair value of our brands are subject to a similar mix of positive and negative factors. Given the evolving nature and uncertainty driven by the COVID-19 pandemic, we will continue to evaluate the impact on our brands.\nAs detailed in Note 9,\u00a0\nGoodwill and Intangible Assets\n, in Item 8,\n\u00a0Financial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, we recorded impairment losses related to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. Our\u00a0reporting units and brands that were impaired were written down to their respective fair values resulting in zero excess fair value over carrying amount as of the applicable impairment test dates. Accordingly, these and other reporting units and brands that have 20% or less excess fair value over carrying amount as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date have a heightened risk of future impairments if any assumptions, estimates, or market factors change in the future.\nReporting units with 20% or less fair value over carrying amount had an aggregate goodwill carrying amount of $28.3 billion as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date and included: Enhancers, Specialty, and Away from Home (ESA), Kids, Snacks, and Beverages (KSB), Meal Foundations and Coffee (MFC), Canada Retail, Canada Foodservice, and Puerto Rico. Reporting units with between 20-50% fair value over carrying amount had an aggregate goodwill carrying amount of $2.2 billion as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date and included Northern Europe and Asia. The Continental Europe reporting unit had a fair value over carrying amount in excess of 50% and a goodwill carrying amount of $961 million as of its latest 2021 impairment testing date. Our reporting units that have less than 3% excess fair value over carrying amount as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date are considered at a heightened risk of future impairments and include our Canada Retail and Puerto Rico reporting units, which had an aggregate goodwill carrying amount of $1.4 billion. Additionally, our reporting units with no goodwill carrying amount as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date are at risk of future impairment to the extent there is newly acquired goodwill assigned to the reporting unit and the fair value of the reporting unit (including the acquisition fair value) does not exceed the carrying amount of the reporting unit (including the acquired net assets).\nBrands with 20% or less fair value over carrying amount had an aggregate carrying amount after impairment of $21.3 billion as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date and included: \nKraft\n, \nOscar Mayer\n, \nVelveeta\n, \nMiracle Whip\n, \nLunchables, Ore-Ida, Maxwell House\n, \nClassico, Cool Whip\n, \nJet Puffed\n, \nPlasmon\n, and \nWattie\u2019s. \nThe aggregate carrying amount of brands with fair value over carrying amount between 20-50% was $6.5 billion as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date. Although the remaining\u00a0brands, with a carrying amount of $11.8 billion, have more than 50% excess fair value over carrying amount as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date, these amounts are also associated with the 2013 Heinz Acquisition and the 2015 Merger and are recorded on our consolidated balance sheet at their estimated acquisition date fair values. Therefore, if any assumptions, estimates, or market factors change in the future, these amounts are also susceptible to impairments. Our brands that have less than 3% excess fair value over carrying amount as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date are considered at a heightened risk of future impairments and include our \nKraft\n, \nMiracle Whip\n,\n Ore-Ida\n,\n Maxwell House\n,\n Classico\n, and \nPlasmon\n brands, which had an aggregate carrying amount of $14.2 billion.\nWe generally utilize the discounted cash flow method under the income approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in estimating the fair values include the estimated future annual net cash flows for each reporting unit (including net sales, cost of products sold, SG&A, depreciation and amortization, working capital, and capital expenditures), income tax rates, long-term growth rates, and a discount rate that appropriately reflects the risks inherent in each future cash flow stream. We selected the assumptions used in the financial forecasts using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions, estimated product category growth rates, management\u2019s plans, and guideline companies.\n37\nWe utilize the excess earnings method under the income approach to estimate the fair value of certain of our largest brands. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in estimating the fair values include the estimated future annual net cash flows for each brand (including net sales, cost of products sold, and SG&A), contributory asset charges, income tax considerations, long-term growth rates, a discount rate that reflects the level of risk associated with the future earnings attributable to the brand, and management\u2019s intent to invest in the brand indefinitely. We selected the assumptions used in the financial forecasts using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions, estimated product category growth rates, management\u2019s plans, and guideline companies.\nWe utilize the relief from royalty method under the income approach to estimate the fair value of our remaining brands. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in estimating the fair values include the estimated future annual net sales for each brand, royalty rates (as a percentage of net sales that would hypothetically be charged by a licensor of the brand to an unrelated licensee), income tax considerations, long-term growth rates, a discount rate that reflects the level of risk associated with the future cost savings attributable to the brand, and management\u2019s intent to invest in the brand indefinitely. We selected the assumptions used in the financial forecasts using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions, estimated product category growth rates, management\u2019s plans, and guideline companies.\nAs detailed in Note 4, \nAcquisitions and Divestitures\n, in Item 8,\u00a0\nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, the Cheese Transaction closed in the fourth quarter of 2021. We received total consideration of approximately $3.34\u00a0billion, which included approximately $1.59\u00a0billion primarily attributed to the \nKraft \nand \nVelveeta\n licenses that we granted to Lactalis and approximately $141\u00a0million attributed to the \nCracker Barrel\n license that Lactalis granted to us, the amounts of which were based on the estimated fair values of the licensed portion of each brand as of the closing date of the Cheese Transaction. We utilized the excess earnings method under the income approach to estimate the fair value of the licensed portion of the \nKraft\n brand and the relief from royalty method under the income approach to estimate the fair value of the licensed portions of the \nVelveeta\n brand and the \nCracker Barrel\n brand. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in estimating these fair values include the estimated future annual net sales and net cash flows for each brand, contributory asset charges, royalty rates (as a percentage of net sales that would hypothetically be charged by a licensor of the brand to an unrelated licensee), income tax considerations, long-term growth rates, and a discount rate that reflects the level of risk associated with the future earnings attributable to each brand. We selected the assumptions used in the financial forecasts using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions, estimated product category growth rates, and guideline companies.\nIn the fourth quarter of 2021, at the time the licensed rights were granted, we reassessed the remaining fair value of the retained portions of the \nKraft\n and \nVelveeta\n brands and recorded a non-cash intangible asset impairment loss related to the \nKraft\n brand of approximately $1.24\u00a0billion, which was recognized in SG&A.\nThe discount rates, long-term growth rates, and royalty rates used to estimate the fair values of our reporting units and our brands with 20% or less excess fair value over carrying amount, as well as the goodwill or brand carrying amounts, as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date for each reporting unit or brand, were as follows:\nGoodwill or Brand Carrying Amount\n(in billions)\nDiscount Rate\nLong-Term Growth Rate\nRoyalty Rate\nMinimum\nMaximum\nMinimum\nMaximum\nMinimum\nMaximum\nReporting units\n$\n28.3\u00a0\n6.5\u00a0\n%\n7.0\u00a0\n%\n1.0\u00a0\n%\n1.5\u00a0\n%\nBrands\n(excess earnings method)\n15.0\u00a0\n7.0\u00a0\n%\n7.2\u00a0\n%\n0.8\u00a0\n%\n1.5\u00a0\n%\nBrands\n(relief from royalty method)\n6.2\u00a0\n7.0\u00a0\n%\n7.5\u00a0\n%\n0.5\u00a0\n%\n2.0\u00a0\n%\n5.0\u00a0\n%\n20.0\u00a0\n%\nAssumptions used in impairment testing are made at a point in time and require significant judgment; therefore, they are subject to change based on the facts and circumstances present at each annual and interim impairment test date. Additionally, these assumptions are generally interdependent and do not change in isolation. However, as it is reasonably possible that changes in assumptions could occur, as a sensitivity measure, we have presented the estimated effects of isolated changes in discount rates, long-term growth rates, and royalty rates on the fair values of our reporting units and brands with 20% or less excess fair value over carrying amount. These estimated changes in fair value are not necessarily representative of the actual impairment that would be recorded in the event of a fair value decline.\n38\nIf we had changed the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of our reporting units and brands with 20% or less excess fair value over carrying amount, as of their latest 2021 impairment testing date for each of these reporting units and brands, these isolated changes, which are reasonably possible to occur, would have led to the following increase/(decrease) in the aggregate fair value of these reporting units and brands (in billions):\nDiscount Rate\nLong-Term Growth Rate\nRoyalty Rate\n50-Basis-Point\n25-Basis-Point\n100-Basis-Point\nIncrease\nDecrease\nIncrease\nDecrease\nIncrease\nDecrease\nReporting units\n$\n(5.6)\n$\n6.8\u00a0\n$\n3.2\u00a0\n$\n(2.9)\nBrands (excess earnings method)\n(1.2)\n1.4\u00a0\n0.5\u00a0\n(0.5)\nBrands (relief from royalty method)\n(0.5)\n0.7\u00a0\n0.2\u00a0\n(0.2)\n$\n0.6\u00a0\n$\n(0.6)\nDefinite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated periods benefited. We review definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when conditions exist that indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Such conditions could include significant adverse changes in the business climate, current-period operating or cash flow losses, significant declines in forecasted operations, or a current expectation that an asset group will be disposed of before the end of its useful life. We perform undiscounted operating cash flow analyses to determine if an impairment exists. When testing for impairment of definite-lived intangible assets held for use, we group assets at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable. If an impairment is determined to exist, the loss is calculated based on estimated fair value. Impairment losses on definite-lived intangible assets to be disposed of, if any, are based on the estimated proceeds to be received, less costs of disposal. \nSee Note 9, \nGoodwill and Intangible Assets\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for our impairment testing results.\nPostemployment Benefit Plans:\nWe maintain various retirement plans for the majority of our employees. These include pension benefits, postretirement health care benefits, and defined contribution benefits. The cost of these plans is charged to expense over an appropriate term based on, among other things, the cost component and whether the plan is active or inactive. Changes in the fair value of our plan assets result in net actuarial gains or losses. These net actuarial gains and losses are deferred into accumulated other comprehensive income/(losses) and amortized within other expense/(income) in future periods using the corridor approach. The corridor is 10% of the greater of the market-related value of the plan\u2019s asset or projected benefit obligation. Any actuarial gains and losses in excess of the corridor are then amortized over an appropriate term based on whether the plan is active or inactive.\nFor our postretirement benefit plans, our 2022 health care cost trend rate assumption will be 5.9%. We established this rate based upon our most recent experience as well as our expectation for health care trend rates going forward. We anticipate the weighted average assumed ultimate trend rate will be 4.8%. The year in which the ultimate trend rate is reached varies by plan, ranging between the years 2022 and 2030. Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans.\nOur 2022 discount rate assumption will be 3.0% for service cost and 2.2% for interest cost for our postretirement plans. Our 2022 discount rate assumption will be 3.2% for service cost and 2.6% for interest cost for our U.S. pension plans and 2.4% for service cost and 1.8% for interest cost for our non-U.S. pension plans. We model these discount rates using a portfolio of high quality, fixed-income debt instruments with durations that match the expected future cash flows of the plans. Changes in our discount rates were primarily the result of changes in bond yields year-over-year.\nOur 2022 expected return on plan assets will be 5.0% (net of applicable taxes) for our postretirement plans. Our 2022 expected rate of return on plan assets will be 4.6% for our U.S. pension plans and 2.6% for our non-U.S. pension plans. We determine our expected rate of return on plan assets from the plan assets\u2019 historical long-term investment performance, current and future asset allocation, and estimates of future long-term returns by asset class. We attempt to maintain our target asset allocation by re-balancing between asset classes as we make contributions and monthly benefit payments.\n39\nWhile we do not anticipate further changes in the 2022 assumptions for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans, as a sensitivity measure, a 100-basis-point change in our discount rate or a 100-basis-point change in the expected rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects, increase/(decrease) in cost (in millions): \nU.S. Plans\nNon-U.S. Plans\n100-Basis-Point\n100-Basis-Point\nIncrease\nDecrease\nIncrease\nDecrease\nEffect of change in discount rate on pension costs\n$\n9\u00a0\n$\n(25)\n$\n10\u00a0\n$\n(2)\nEffect of change in expected rate of return on plan assets on pension costs\n(43)\n43\u00a0\n(29)\n29\u00a0\nEffect of change in discount rate on postretirement costs\n1\u00a0\n(1)\n(1)\n1\u00a0\nEffect of change in expected rate of return on plan assets on postretirement costs\n(11)\n11\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nIncome Taxes:\nWe compute our annual tax rate based on the statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we earn income. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax rate and in evaluating the uncertainty of our tax positions. We recognize a benefit for tax positions that we believe will more likely than not be sustained upon examination. The amount of benefit recognized is the largest amount of benefit that we believe has more than a 50% probability of being realized upon settlement. We regularly monitor our tax positions and adjust the amount of recognized tax benefit based on our evaluation of information that has become available since the end of our last financial reporting period. The annual tax rate includes the impact of these changes in recognized tax benefits. When adjusting the amount of recognized tax benefits, we do not consider information that has become available after the balance sheet date, however we do disclose the effects of new information whenever those effects would be material to our financial statements. Unrecognized tax benefits represent the difference between the amount of benefit taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the amount of benefit recognized for financial reporting. These unrecognized tax benefits are recorded primarily within other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.\nWe record valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. When assessing the need for valuation allowances, we consider future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Should a change in circumstances lead to a change in judgment about the realizability of deferred tax assets in future years, we would adjust related valuation allowances in the period that the change in circumstances occurs, along with a corresponding increase or decrease to income. The resolution of tax reserves and changes in valuation allowances could be material to our results of operations for any period but is not expected to be material to our financial position.\nNew Accounting Pronouncements\nSee Note 3, \nNew Accounting Standards\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.\nContingencies\nSee Note 16, \nCommitments and Contingencies\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for a discussion of our contingencies.\nNon-GAAP Financial Measures\nThe non-GAAP financial measures we provide in this report should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.\nTo supplement the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we have presented Organic Net Sales, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EPS, which are considered non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP financial measures presented may differ from similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies, and other companies may not define these non-GAAP financial measures in the same way. These measures are not substitutes for their comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, such as net sales, net income/(loss), diluted EPS, or other measures prescribed by U.S. GAAP, and there are limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures. \n40\nManagement uses these non-GAAP financial measures to assist in comparing our performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision making by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect our underlying operations. Management believes that presenting our non-GAAP financial measures (i.e., Organic Net Sales, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EPS) is useful to investors because it (i) provides investors with meaningful supplemental information regarding financial performance by excluding certain items, (ii) permits investors to view performance using the same tools that management uses to budget, make operating and strategic decisions, and evaluate historical performance, and (iii) otherwise provides supplemental information that may be useful to investors in evaluating our results. We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered together with the corresponding U.S. GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to those measures, provides investors with additional understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business than could be obtained absent these disclosures.\nOrganic Net Sales is defined as net sales excluding, when they occur, the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures, and a 53rd week of shipments. We calculate the impact of currency on net sales by holding exchange rates constant at the previous year\u2019s exchange rate, with the exception of highly inflationary subsidiaries, for which we calculate the previous year\u2019s results using the current year\u2019s exchange rate. Organic Net Sales is a tool that can assist management and investors in comparing our performance on a consistent basis by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect our underlying operations.\nAdjusted EBITDA is defined as net income/(loss) from continuing operations before interest expense, other expense/(income), provision for/(benefit from) income taxes, and depreciation and amortization (excluding restructuring activities); in addition to these adjustments, we exclude, when they occur, the impacts of divestiture-related license income (e.g., income related to the sale of licenses in connection with the Cheese Transaction), restructuring activities, deal costs, unrealized losses/(gains) on commodity hedges, impairment losses, certain non-ordinary course legal and regulatory matters, and equity award compensation expense (excluding restructuring activities). Adjusted EBITDA is a tool that can assist management and investors in comparing our performance on a consistent basis by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect our underlying operations. In 2021, we revised the definition of Adjusted EBITDA to adjust for the impact of certain legal and regulatory matters arising outside the ordinary course of our business and divestiture-related license income, as management believes such matters, when they occur, do not directly reflect our underlying operations.\nAdjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS excluding, when they occur, the impacts of restructuring activities, deal costs, unrealized losses/(gains) on commodity hedges, impairment losses, certain non-ordinary course legal and regulatory matters, losses/(gains) on the sale of a business, other losses/(gains) related to acquisitions and divestitures (e.g., tax and hedging impacts), nonmonetary currency devaluation (e.g., remeasurement gains and losses), debt prepayment and extinguishment costs, and certain significant discrete income tax items (e.g., U.S. and non-U.S. tax reform), and including, when they occur, adjustments to reflect preferred stock dividend payments on an accrual basis. We believe Adjusted EPS provides important comparability of underlying operating results, allowing investors and management to assess operating performance on a consistent basis. In 2021, we revised the definition of Adjusted EPS to adjust for the impact of certain legal and regulatory matters arising outside the ordinary course of our business and certain significant discrete income tax items beyond U.S. tax reform, as management believes such matters, when they occur, do not directly reflect our underlying operations.\n41\nThe Kraft Heinz Company\nReconciliation of Net Sales to Organic Net Sales\n(dollars in millions)\n(Unaudited)\nNet Sales\nCurrency\nAcquisitions and Divestitures\nOrganic Net Sales\nPrice\nVolume/Mix\n2021\nUnited States\n$\n18,604\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n1,937\u00a0\n$\n16,667\u00a0\nInternational\n5,691\u00a0\n205\u00a0\n23\u00a0\n5,463\u00a0\nCanada\n1,747\u00a0\n114\u00a0\n49\u00a0\n1,584\u00a0\nKraft Heinz\n$\n26,042\u00a0\n$\n319\u00a0\n$\n2,009\u00a0\n$\n23,714\u00a0\n2020\nUnited States\n$\n19,204\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n2,801\u00a0\n$\n16,403\u00a0\nInternational\n5,341\u00a0\n22\u00a0\n20\u00a0\n5,299\u00a0\nCanada\n1,640\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n49\u00a0\n1,591\u00a0\nKraft Heinz\n$\n26,185\u00a0\n$\n22\u00a0\n$\n2,870\u00a0\n$\n23,293\u00a0\nYear-over-year growth rates\nUnited States\n(3.1)\n%\n0.0 pp\n(4.7) pp\n1.6\u00a0\n%\n2.1 pp\n(0.5) pp\nInternational\n6.5\u00a0\n%\n3.4 pp\n0.0 pp\n3.1\u00a0\n%\n2.6 pp\n0.5 pp\nCanada\n6.5\u00a0\n%\n7.0 pp\n(0.1) pp\n(0.4)\n%\n2.9 pp\n(3.3) pp\nKraft Heinz\n(0.5)\n%\n1.2 pp\n(3.5) pp\n1.8\u00a0\n%\n2.3 pp\n(0.5) pp\n42\nThe Kraft Heinz Company\nReconciliation of Net Income/(Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA\n(in millions)\n(Unaudited)\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\nNet income/(loss)\n$\n1,024\u00a0\n$\n361\u00a0\nInterest expense\n2,047\u00a0\n1,394\u00a0\nOther expense/(income)\n(295)\n(296)\nProvision for/(benefit from) income taxes\n684\u00a0\n669\u00a0\nOperating income/(loss)\n3,460\u00a0\n2,128\u00a0\nDepreciation and amortization (excluding restructuring activities)\n910\u00a0\n955\u00a0\nDivestiture-related license income\n(4)\n\u2014\u00a0\nRestructuring activities\n84\u00a0\n15\u00a0\nDeal costs\n11\u00a0\n8\u00a0\nUnrealized losses/(gains) on commodity hedges\n17\u00a0\n(6)\nImpairment losses\n1,634\u00a0\n3,413\u00a0\nCertain non-ordinary course legal and regulatory matters\n62\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nEquity award compensation expense (excluding restructuring activities)\n197\u00a0\n156\u00a0\nAdjusted EBITDA \n$\n6,371\u00a0\n$\n6,669\u00a0\n43\nThe Kraft Heinz Company\nReconciliation of Diluted EPS to Adjusted EPS\n(Unaudited)\nDecember 25, 2021\nDecember 26, 2020\nDiluted EPS\n$\n0.82\u00a0\n$\n0.29\u00a0\nRestructuring activities\n(a)\n0.05\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nUnrealized losses/(gains) on commodity hedges\n(b)\n0.01\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nImpairment losses\n(c)\n1.07\u00a0\n2.59\u00a0\nCertain non-ordinary course legal and regulatory matters\n(d)\n0.05\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nLosses/(gains) on sale of business\n(e)\n0.15\u00a0\n(0.01)\nDebt prepayment and extinguishment costs\n(f)\n0.59\u00a0\n0.08\u00a0\nCertain significant discrete income tax items\n(g)\n0.19\u00a0\n(0.07)\nAdjusted EPS\n$\n2.93\u00a0\n$\n2.88\u00a0\n(a)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Gross expenses/(income) included in restructuring activities were expenses of $84 million ($64 million after-tax) in 2021 and income of $2 million ($3 million after-tax) in 2020 and were recorded in the following income statement line items:\n\u2022\nCost of products sold included expenses of $13 million in 2021 and income of $20 million in 2020;\n\u2022\nSG&A included expenses of $70 million in 2021 and $35 million in 2020; and\n\u2022\nOther expense/(income) included expenses of $1 million in 2021 and income of $17 million in 2020.\n(b)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Gross expenses/(income) included in unrealized losses/(gains) on commodity hedges were expenses of $17 million ($13 million after-tax) in 2021 and income of $6 million ($4 million after-tax) in 2020 and were recorded in cost of products sold.\n(c)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Gross impairment losses included the following:\n\u2022\nGoodwill impairment losses of $318 million ($318 million after-tax) in 2021 and $2.3 billion ($2.3 billion after-tax) in 2020, which were recorded in SG&A;\n\u2022\nIntangible asset impairment losses of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after-tax) in 2021 and $1.1 billion ($829 million after-tax) in 2020, which were recorded in SG&A; and\n\u2022\nProperty, plant and equipment asset impairment losses of $14\u00a0million ($1\u00a0million after-tax) in 2020, which were recorded in cost of products sold. \n(d)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Gross expenses included in certain non-ordinary course legal and regulatory matters were $62\u00a0million ($62\u00a0million after-tax) in 2021 and were recorded in SG&A. These expenses relate to the settlement of the previously disclosed SEC investigation.\n(e)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Gross expenses/(income) included in losses/(gains) on sale of business were income of $44 million (expenses of $181 million after-tax) in 2021 and expenses of $2\u00a0million (income of $6\u00a0million after-tax) in 2020 and were recorded in other expense/(income). \n(f)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Gross expenses included in debt prepayment and extinguishment costs were $917\u00a0million ($728\u00a0million after-tax) in 2021 and $124 million ($93 million after-tax) in 2020 and were recorded in interest expense.\n(g)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Certain significant discrete income tax items were an expense of $235\u00a0million in 2021 and a benefit of $81\u00a0million in 2020. The impact in 2021 relates to the revaluation of our deferred tax balances due to an increase in U.K. tax rates. The benefit in 2020 relates to the revaluation of our deferred tax balances due to changes in state tax laws following U.S. tax reform and subsequent clarification or interpretation of state tax laws.\n44", "item7a": ">Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.\nWe are exposed to market risks from adverse changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, and interest rates. We monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program. Our risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that volatility in these markets may have on our operating results. We maintain risk management policies that principally use derivative financial instruments to reduce significant, unanticipated fluctuations in earnings and cash flows that may arise from variations in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates. We manage market risk by incorporating parameters within our risk management strategy that limit the types of derivative instruments, the derivative strategies we use, and the degree of market risk that we hedge with derivative instruments. See Note 2, \nSignificant Accounting Policies\n, and Note 13,\u00a0\nFinancial Instruments\n, in Item 8, \nFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data\n, for details of our market risk management policies and the financial instruments used to hedge those exposures.\nWhen we use financial instruments, we are exposed to credit risk that a counterparty might fail to fulfill its performance obligations under the terms of our agreement. We minimize our credit risk by entering into transactions with counterparties with investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of exposure we have with each counterparty, and monitoring the financial condition of our counterparties. We maintain a policy of requiring that all significant, non-exchange traded derivative contracts are governed by an International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreement. By policy, we do not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions, nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. \nEffect of Hypothetical 10% Fluctuation in Market Prices:\n\u00a0\nThe potential gain or loss on the fair value of our outstanding commodity contracts, foreign exchange contracts, and cross-currency swap contracts, assuming a hypothetical 10% fluctuation in commodity prices and foreign currency exchange rates, would have been (in millions):\nDecember 25,\n2021\nDecember 26,\n2020\nCommodity contracts\n$\n56\u00a0\n$\n39\u00a0\nForeign currency contracts\n130\u00a0\n141\u00a0\nCross-currency swap contracts\n318\u00a0\n433\u00a0\nIt should be noted that any change in the fair value of our derivative contracts, real or hypothetical, would be significantly offset by an inverse change in the value of the underlying hedged items. In relation to foreign currency contracts, this hypothetical calculation assumes that each exchange rate would change in the same direction relative to the U.S.\u00a0dollar. Our utilization of financial instruments in managing market risk exposures described above is consistent with the prior year. Changes in our portfolio of financial instruments are a function of our results of operations, debt repayments and debt issuances, market effects on debt and foreign currency, and our acquisition and divestiture activities.\nEffect of Hypothetical 1% Fluctuation in LIBOR:\n\u00a0\nBased on our current variable rate debt balance as of\u00a0December\u00a025, 2021, a hypothetical 1% increase in LIBOR would have an insignificant impact on our annual interest expense. The Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom will be phasing out the LIBOR rates associated with our outstanding variable rate debt by the end of June 2023. Given our current variable rate debt outstanding, we do not anticipate a significant impact to our annual interest expense as a result of the transition.\n45", "companyName": "Kraft Heinz Co", "cusip": "500754106"}