{"item1": ">ITEM 1. BUSINESS\nOverview\nUber Technologies, Inc. (\u201cUber,\u201d \u201cwe,\u201d \u201cour,\u201d or \u201cus\u201d) is a technology platform that uses a massive network, leading technology, operational excellence and product expertise to power movement from point A to point B. We develop and operate proprietary technology applications supporting a variety of offerings on our platform (\u201cplatform(s)\u201d or \u201cPlatform(s)\u201d). We connect consumers (\u201cRider(s)\u201d) with independent providers of ride services (\u201cMobility Driver(s)\u201d) for ridesharing services, and connect Riders and other consumers (\u201cEater(s)\u201d) with restaurants, grocers and other stores (collectively, \u201cMerchants\u201d) with delivery service providers (\u201cCouriers\u201d) for meal preparation, grocery and other delivery services. Riders and Eaters are collectively referred to as \u201cend-user(s)\u201d or \u201cconsumer(s).\u201d Mobility Drivers and Couriers are collectively referred to as \u201cDriver(s).\u201d We also connect consumers with public transportation networks. We use this same network, technology, operational excellence and product expertise to connect shippers with carriers in the freight industry.\nOur technology is available in approximately 72 countries around the world, principally in the United States (\u201cU.S.\u201d) and Canada, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia (excluding China and Southeast Asia).\nOur Segments\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we had three operating and reportable segments: Mobility, Delivery and Freight. Mobility, Delivery and Freight platform offerings each address large, fragmented markets.\nMobility\nMobility refers to products that connect consumers with Mobility Drivers who provide rides in a variety of vehicles, such as cars, auto rickshaws, motorbikes, minibuses, or taxis. Mobility also includes activity related to our financial partnerships offerings.\nWe believe that our ridesharing category position is a key indicator of our progress towards our massive market opportunity. We calculate our ridesharing category position based on the best available data within a given region. For example, in most cases we divide our Mobility Gross Bookings by our estimates of total ridesharing Gross Bookings generated by us and other companies with similar ridesharing products. We estimate our total ridesharing Gross Bookings in a given region by utilizing internal source data, including historical trip, bookings, product mix, and fare information, and external source data provided by publicly available information and marketing analytics firms. Based on these estimates, we believe we have a leading ridesharing category position in every major region of the world where we operate. We also participate in certain regions through our minority-owned affiliates. At the time of entering into such transactions, we believed based on our internal estimates using the information then available to us that each of Didi, Grab and Yandex.Taxi, on a pro forma basis, had the leading ridesharing category position in its respective market.\nDelivery\nOur Delivery offering allows consumers to search for and discover local restaurants, order a meal, and either pick-up at the restaurant or have the meal delivered and, in certain markets, Delivery also includes offerings for grocery, alcohol and convenience store delivery as well as select other goods. We launched our Delivery app over six years ago. We believe that Delivery not only leverages, but also increases, the supply of Drivers on our network. For example, Delivery enables Mobility Drivers to increase their utilization and earnings by accessing additional demand for trips during non-peak Mobility times. Delivery also expands the pool of Drivers by enabling people who are not Mobility Drivers or who do not have access to Mobility-qualified vehicles to provide delivery services on our platform. In addition to benefiting Drivers and consumers, Delivery provides Merchants with an instant mobile presence and efficient delivery capability, which we believe generates incremental demand and improves margins for Merchants by enabling them to serve more consumers without increasing their existing front-of-house expenses.\nDuring 2021, we completed the acquisition of the remaining 45% ownership interest in Cornershop Cayman (\u201cCornershop\u201d) in an all-stock transaction. The acquisition was accounted for as an equity transaction, as we previously controlled and consolidated Cornershop. We also completed the acquisition of The Drizly Group, Inc. (\u201cDrizly\u201d), allowing us to expand alcohol offerings in our Delivery business with Drizly\u2019s leading platform, technology, scale, and expertise. The acquisition of Drizly has been accounted for as a business combination. For additional information, see Note 18 \u2013 Business Combinations included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nFreight\nWe believe that Freight is revolutionizing the logistics industry. Freight leverages our proprietary technology, brand awareness, and experience revolutionizing industries to connect carriers with shippers on our platform, and gives carriers upfront, transparent pricing and the ability to book a shipment. The freight industry is highly fragmented and deeply inefficient. It can take several hours, sometimes days, for shippers to find a truck and driver for shipments, with most of the process conducted over the phone or by fax. Procurement is highly fragmented, with traditional players relying on local or regional offices to book shipments. It is equally difficult for carriers to find and book the shipments that work for their businesses, spending hours on the phone negotiating pricing and terms. These inefficiencies adversely impact both shippers and carriers, and contribute to the number of non-revenue or \u201cdead-head\u201d miles, \n4\nwhich are miles driven by carriers between shipments. Freight greatly reduces friction in the logistics industry by providing an on-demand platform to automate and accelerate logistics transactions end-to-end. Freight connects carriers with shippers available on our platform, and gives carriers upfront, transparent pricing and the ability to book a shipment with the touch of a button.\nWe serve shippers ranging from small- and medium-sized businesses to global enterprises by enabling them to create and tender shipments with a few clicks, secure capacity on demand with upfront pricing, and track those shipments in real-time from pickup to delivery. We believe that all of these factors represent significant efficiency improvements over traditional freight brokerage providers.\nDuring 2021, we completed the acquisition of Tupelo Parent, Inc. (\u201cTransplace\u201d) in an all-cash transaction, allowing us to expand our Uber Freight business through Transplace\u2019s expertise in transportation management. The acquisition of Transplace has been accounted for as a business combination. For additional information, see Note 18 \u2013 Business Combinations included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nPlatform Synergies\nOur Platform\nThe foundation of our platform is our massive network, leading technology, operational excellence, and product expertise. Together, these elements power movement from point A to point B.\nMassive Network\nOur massive, efficient, and intelligent network consists of tens of millions of Drivers, consumers, Merchants, shippers and carriers, as well as underlying data, technology, and shared infrastructure. Our network becomes smarter with every trip. In approximately 10,500 cities around the world (as of January 1, 2022), our network powers movement at the touch of a button for millions, and we hope eventually billions, of people.\nLeading Technology\nWe have built proprietary marketplace, routing, and payments technologies. Marketplace technologies are the core of our deep technology advantage and include demand prediction, matching and dispatching, and pricing technologies. Our technologies make it extremely efficient to launch new businesses and operationalize existing ones.\nOperational Excellence\nOur regional on-the-ground operations teams use their extensive market-specific knowledge to rapidly launch and scale products in cities, support Drivers, consumers, Merchants, shippers, and carriers, and build and enhance relationships with cities and regulators.\nProduct Expertise\nOur products are built with the expertise that allows us to set the standard for powering movement on-demand, provide platform users with a contextual, intuitive interface, continually evolve features and functionality, and deliver safety and trust.\nWe intend to continue to invest in new platform offerings that we believe will further strengthen our platform and existing offerings.\nWe believe that all of these synergies serve the customer experience, enabling us to attract new platform users and to deepen engagement with existing platform users. Both of these dynamics grow our network scale and liquidity, which further increases the value of our platform to platform users. For example, Delivery attracts new consumers to our network\u2014for the three months ended December\u00a031, 2021, over 60% of first-time Delivery consumers were new to our platform. Additionally, for the three months ended December\u00a031, 2021, consumers who used both Mobility and Delivery generated 12.6 Trips per month on average, compared to 5.0 Trips per month on average for consumers who used a single offering in cities where both Mobility and Delivery were offered. We believe that these trends will improve as we further leverage the power of our platform.\nWith our platform, we are making it even easier for our consumers to unlock convenience. During November 2021, we launched Uber One in the United States as our single cross-platform membership program that brings together the best of Uber. Uber One members have access to discounts, special pricing, priority service, and exclusive perks across our rides, delivery and grocery offerings. Our Uber Pass and Eats Pass membership programs continue to remain available in select cities as a subscription offering. Our membership programs are designed to make utilizing our suite of products a seamless and rewarding experience for our consumers. We exited 2021 with over 6 million members for our Uber One, Uber Pass, Eats Pass and Rides Pass membership programs. In 2020, we rolled out our \u201cSuper App\u201d view on iOS and Android, which combines our multiple offerings into a single app and is designed to remove friction for our consumers. \nWe are also utilizing our data and scale to offer marketplace-centric advertising to connect merchants and brands with our platform network and unlocking cross-platform advertising formats. During the fourth quarter of 2021, active advertising merchants grew to over 170,000.\nCompetitive Environment\nWe compete on a global basis in highly fragmented markets. We face significant competition in each of the mobility and delivery industries globally and in the logistics industry in the United States and Canada from existing, well-established, and low-cost alternatives, and in the future we expect to face competition from new market entrants given the low barriers to entry that characterize \n5\nthese industries. As we and our competitors introduce new products and offerings, and as existing products evolve, we expect to become subject to additional competition. While we work to expand globally and introduce new products and offerings across a range of industries, many of our competitors remain focused on a limited number of products or on a narrow geographic scope, allowing them to develop specialized expertise and employ resources in a more targeted manner than we do. The competition we face in each of our offerings includes:\n\u2022\nMobility\n. Our Mobility offering competes with personal vehicle ownership and usage, which accounts for the majority of passenger miles in the markets that we serve, and traditional transportation services, including taxicab companies and taxi-hailing services, livery and other car services. In addition, public transportation can be a superior substitute to our Mobility offering and in many cases, offers a faster and lower-cost travel option in many cities. We also compete with other ridesharing companies, including certain of our minority-owned affiliates, for Drivers and riders, including Lyft, Ola, Didi, Grab, Bolt, and our Yandex.Taxi joint venture.\n\u2022\nDelivery\n. Our Delivery offering competes with numerous companies in the meal, grocery and other delivery space in various regions for drivers, consumers, and merchants, including DoorDash, Deliveroo, Glovo, Instacart, Gopuff, Rappi, iFood, Delivery Hero, Just Eat Takeaway, and Amazon. Our Delivery offering also competes with restaurants, meal kit delivery services, grocery delivery services, and traditional grocers.\n\u2022\nFreight\n. Our Freight offering competes with global and North American freight brokers such as C.H. Robinson, Total Quality Logistics, XPO Logistics, Convoy, Echo Global Logistics, Coyote, Transfix, DHL, and NEXT Trucking.\nGovernment Regulation\nWe operate in a particularly complex legal and regulatory environment. Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, including those related to Internet activities, privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, intellectual property, competition, consumer protection, payments, labor and employment, transportation services, transportation network companies, licensing regulations and taxation. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and may be interpreted, applied, created, or amended, in a manner that could harm our business. Examples of certain laws and regulations we are subject to are described below.\nMobility\nOur platform, and in particular our Mobility products, are subject to differing, and sometimes conflicting, laws, rules, and regulations in the numerous jurisdictions in which we operate. A large number of proposals are before various national, regional, and local legislative bodies and regulatory entities, both within the United States and in foreign jurisdictions, regarding issues related to our business model.\nIn the United States, many state and local laws, rules, and regulations impose legal restrictions and other requirements on operating our Mobility products, including licensing, insurance, screening, and background check requirements. Outside of the United States, certain jurisdictions have adopted similar laws, rules, and regulations while other jurisdictions have not adopted any laws, rules, and regulations which govern our Mobility business. Further, certain jurisdictions, including Argentina, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, and Spain, six countries that we have identified as expansion markets, have adopted laws, rules, and regulations banning certain ridesharing products or imposing extensive operational restrictions. This uncertainty and fragmented regulatory environment creates significant complexities for our business and operating model. \nSubstantially all states in the United States and numerous municipalities in the United States and around the world have adopted Transportation Network Company (\u201cTNC\u201d) regulations.\u00a0These regulations generally focus on companies that operate websites or mobile apps that connect individual drivers with their own vehicles to passengers willing to pay to be driven to their destinations.\u00a0These regulations often require TNCs to comply with rules regarding, among other things, background checks, vehicle inspections, accessible vehicles, driver and consumer safety, insurance, driver training, driver conduct, and other similar matters.\nIn addition, many jurisdictions have adopted regulations that apply to how we classify the Drivers who use our platform. For example, California\u2019s Assembly Bill 5 (\u201cAB5\u201d), which went into effect in January 2020, codified a test to determine whether a worker is an employee under California law. The California Attorney General, in conjunction with the city attorneys for San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego, filed a complaint under AB5, alleging that drivers are misclassified, and sought an injunction and monetary damages related to the alleged competitive advantage caused by the alleged misclassification of drivers. Although the Court issued a preliminary injunction enjoining Uber and Lyft from classifying drivers as independent contractors during the pendency of the lawsuit, the parties were granted a stipulation to dissolve the injunction in April 2021. In November 2020, California voters approved Proposition 22, a California state ballot initiative that provides a framework for drivers that use platforms like ours for independent work. Proposition 22 went into effect in December 2020 and we expect that Drivers will be able to maintain their status as independent contractors under California law and that we and our competitors will be required to comply with the provisions of Proposition 22. See the section titled \u201cRisk Factors\u201d included in Part I, Item 1A and \u201cNote 15 \u2013 Commitments and Contingencies\u201d to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\n6\nIn addition, many jurisdictions have municipal bodies that adopted and will adopt regulations that govern our business. For example:\n\u2022\nIn London, Transport for London (\u201cTfL\u201d) scrutinizes our business on an on-going basis and we are subject to license reviews at renewal. In November 2019, TfL declined to issue us a license, finding that we were not \u201cfit and proper,\u201d including with respect to confidence in our change and release management processes. We successfully appealed and in September 2020, Westminster Magistrates Court granted us an 18 month operating license on largely the same conditions as our previous license, finding us a fit and proper person.\n\u2022\nSince April 2019, Mexico City\u2019s Secretar\u00eda de Movilidad passed several amendments to existing ridesharing regulations implementing certain operational requirements, including a prohibition on the use of cash to pay for ridesharing services and, effective as of November 2019, a comprehensive TNC data sharing requirement and a requirement that Drivers in Mexico City obtain additional licenses and annual vehicle inspections to provide ridesharing services. Except for the vehicle inspection, we obtained an injunction against such operational requirements which, if implemented without modification, could have a negative impact on our business and our failure to comply with such regulations may result in a potential revocation of our license to operate in Mexico City.\n\u2022\nIn January 2019, we suspended our Mobility products in Barcelona after the regional government enacted regulations mandating minimum wait times before riders could be picked up by ridesharing drivers. In March 2021, we returned to Barcelona via a taxi product. \n\u2022\nIn addition, in August 2018, New York City approved regulations for the local for-hire market (which includes our ridesharing products), including a cap on the number of new vehicle licenses issued to drivers who offer for-hire services. In December 2018, New York City also established a standard for time and distance designed to establish a minimum pay standard for drivers providing for-hire services in New York City, such as those provided by Drivers on our platform. As another example, in October 2020, the Seattle City Council passed a minimum pay standard for drivers providing services on our platform that went into effect on January 1, 2021, and other jurisdictions have in the past considered or may consider regulations which would implement minimum wage requirements or permit drivers to negotiate for minimum wages while providing services on our platform. Similar legislative or regulatory initiatives are being considered or have been enacted in countries outside the United States.\nSee the section titled \u201cRisk Factors\u201d included in Part I, Item 1A, \u201cRisk Factors\u201d. This uncertainty and fragmented regulatory environment creates significant complexities for our business and operating model.\nAs we continue to expand our offerings, we may be subject to additional regulations separate from those that apply to our Mobility products.\nData Privacy and Protection\nOur technology platform, and the user data we collect and process to run our business, are an integral part of our business model and, as a result, our compliance with laws dealing with the collection and processing of personal data is core to our strategy to improve platform user experience and build trust. Regulators around the world have adopted or proposed requirements regarding the collection, use, transfer, security, storage, destruction, and other processing of personally identifiable information and other data relating to individuals, and these laws are increasing in number, enforcement, fines, and other penalties. Two examples of such regulations that have significant implications for our business are the European Union\u2019s General Data Protection Regulation (the \u201cGDPR\u201d), a law which went into effect in May 2018 and implemented more stringent requirements for processing personal data relating to individuals in the EU, and the California Consumer Privacy Act (the \u201cCCPA\u201d), which went into effect in January 2020 and established new consumer rights and data privacy and protection requirements for covered businesses. U.S. state, city, and foreign regulators are expected to continue proposing and adopting significant laws impacting the processing of personally identifiable information and other data relating to individuals, such as the California Privacy Rights Act (\u201cCPRA\u201d) passed in California in November 2020 (effective in January 2023), and a draft data protection bill pending in India.\nPayments and Financial Services\nMost jurisdictions in which we operate have laws that govern payment and financial services activities. For example, our subsidiary in the Netherlands, Uber Payments B.V., is registered and authorized as an electronic money institution in support of certain payment activities in the European Economic Area (the \u201cEEA\u201d). Regulators in certain additional jurisdictions may determine that certain aspects of our business are subject to these laws and could require us to obtain licenses to continue to operate in such jurisdictions. In addition, laws related to money transmission and online payments are evolving, and changes in such laws could affect our ability to provide payment processing on our platform. We are continuing to evaluate our options for seeking further licenses and approvals in several other jurisdictions to optimize payment solutions and support future growth of our business.\nAntitrust\nCompetition authorities closely scrutinize us under U.S. and foreign antitrust and competition laws. An increasing number of governments are enforcing competition laws and are doing so with increased scrutiny, including governments in large markets such as \n7\nthe EU, the United States, Brazil, and India, particularly surrounding issues of predatory pricing, price-fixing, and abuse of market power. In addition, governmental agencies and regulators may, among other things, prohibit future acquisitions, divestitures, or combinations we plan to make, impose significant fines or penalties, require divestiture of certain of our assets, or impose other restrictions that limit or require us to modify our operations, including limitations on our contractual relationships with platform users or restrictions on our pricing models.\nIntellectual Property\nWe believe that our intellectual property is essential to our business and affords us a competitive advantage in the markets in which we operate. Our intellectual property includes the content of our website, mobile applications, registered domain names, software code, firmware, hardware and hardware designs, registered and unregistered trademarks, trademark applications, copyrights, trade secrets, inventions (whether or not patentable), patents, and patent applications.\nTo protect our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret laws, contractual provisions, end-user policies, and disclosure restrictions. Upon discovery of potential infringement of our intellectual property, we assess and when necessary, take action to protect our rights as appropriate. We also enter into confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and seek to control access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information in a commercially prudent manner.\nResearch and Development\nBecause the industries in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological advances, our ability to compete successfully depends heavily upon our ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive new offerings and technologies. We continue to develop new technologies to enhance existing offerings and services, and to expand the range of our offerings through research and development (\u201cR&D\u201d) and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology.\nSeasonality\nMobility\nWe typically generate higher revenue in our fourth quarter compared to other quarters due in part to fourth-quarter holiday and business demand, and typically generate lower revenue in our third quarter compared to other quarters due in part to less usage of our platform during peak vacation season in North America and Europe. We have typically experienced lower quarter-over-quarter growth in Mobility in the first quarter. In 2021, we experienced less seasonality as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions, which altered typical travel patterns. We expect that seasonality will eventually return to its historic patterns as recovery from the pandemic continues.\nDelivery\nWe typically expect to experience seasonal increases in our revenue in the first and fourth quarters compared to the second and third quarters, although the historical growth of Delivery has masked these seasonal fluctuations. In 2021, we experienced less seasonality as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions, which accelerated the growth of Delivery in 2021 as cities impose various dining restrictions.\nHuman Capital at Uber\nEmployees\nWe are a global company and as of December\u00a031, 2021, we and our subsidiaries had approximately 29,300 employees globally and operations in approximately 72 countries and approximately 10,500 cities around the world. Our human capital strategies are developed and managed by our Chief People Officer, who reports to the CEO, and are overseen by the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors.\nOur success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain high-quality management, operations, engineering, and other personnel who are in high demand, are often subject to competing employment offers, and are attractive recruiting targets for our competitors.\nAdapting to a New Way of Working\n. In 2021, the ever-evolving COVID-19 pandemic continued to have a significant impact on our employees and our workforce management strategy and caused us to continually adapt how we work. As a result of COVID-19, in 2020, we asked that all employees who were able to do so work remotely and while we subsequently announced return to office dates, the dynamic COVID situation disrupted our return to office plans\u2014although many of our offices are open, we have not yet set an updated return to office date. Prolonged remote work, as well as COVID-19 more generally, introduced new dynamics into the households of many of our employees. As a result, we found that some employees were struggling with work-life balance and feelings of stress and social isolation, and we experienced higher levels of attrition. The issues of stress and balance were particularly exacerbated among caregivers of young children. To address some of these concerns, we strengthened our work-from-home policies and looked for new ways to support our employees as they navigated this crisis in their personal and professional lives. We provided \n8\nmore attention and flexibility to caregivers by providing resources, tools, and support, and amplified our focus on mental health and well-being.\nEmployee Engagement\n. To attract and retain the best talent, we strive to establish a culture where people of all backgrounds can find a sense of belonging and are able to achieve to their highest capability. We measure how successful we have been in establishing the culture we need through employee engagement surveys and related tools. We historically conducted a semi-annual workforce survey that measures employee engagement, overall satisfaction, and well-being. But in 2021, we made a shift toward continuous listening by launching an employee survey, sent out to a rotating third of employees every month. We use the results of these regular checks to better understand employees\u2019 needs and support their teams on topics such as well-being, inclusivity, fairness, rewards and recognition, and growth opportunities. For example, our return-to-office plan, which will provide employees with more flexibility to work from home post-pandemic, was created based on employee feedback. In addition to the engagement survey results, we also monitor the health of our workforce and the success of our people operations through monitoring metrics such as attrition, retention, and offer acceptance rates, as well as sexual orientation, gender and ethnic diversity.\nEmployee Development and Retention\n. We believe that employees who have opportunities for development are more engaged, satisfied, and productive. Employees are empowered to drive their own growth, whether by learning on the job, finding stretch assignments, or identifying their next opportunity within Uber through internal mobility programs. Employees have access to an internal jobs marketplace for full-time jobs as well as short-term stretch assignments that enable them to have an impact on other areas of the business. Our goal is to help all employees be their best selves by providing programs and resources that promote wellness and productivity. This helps our diverse employee base manage life\u2019s expected and unexpected events. Globally, Uber offers competitive benefits packages to our employees and their families. We provide competitive benefits as well as offerings tailored to our unique populations. \nFor additional discussion, see the risk factor titled \u201c\u2014Our business depends on retaining and attracting high-quality personnel, and continued attrition, future attrition, or unsuccessful succession planning could adversely affect our business.\u201d included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as our 2021 People and Culture Report, which is available on our website. The information in the 2021 People and Culture report is not a part of this Form 10-K.\nDiversity and Inclusion\nWe believe that great minds don\u2019t think alike, and we work hard to ensure that people of diverse backgrounds feel welcome and valued. We encourage different opinions and approaches to be heard, and then we come together and build. We believe that when employees feel empowered to succeed in a work environment that celebrates, supports, and invests in diversity, progress follows. To achieve our objective to increase diversity in who we hire, we implement processes throughout Uber and measure progress. For example, the Mansfield Rule was implemented by June 2021, to ensure that we have considered women, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, and racially underrepresented talent by requiring that a certain percentage of candidates considered for leadership roles come from historically underrepresented groups.\nOur Board of Directors recognizes the strategic importance of these issues and incorporated employee diversity performance metrics into the compensation packages of our most senior executives.\nWe encourage employees who believe they, or any other employee, have been subjected to discrimination to notify their manager, Uber\u2019s People Team or the Integrity Helpline.\nAs a company that powers movement, it is our goal to ensure that everyone can move freely and safely, whether physically, economically, or socially. To do that, we strive to help fight the racism that persists across society, be a champion for equity, and create opportunities for all, both inside and outside our company. In July 2020, we announced 14 commitments to becoming a more anti-racist company and since then, we have taken action to move these commitments forward. Some of our commitments to anti-racism include:\n\u2022\nRidding our platform of racism\n\u2022\nFighting racism with technology\n\u2022\nSustaining equity and belonging for all\n\u2022\nDriving equity in the community\nFor more information regarding our Diversity and Inclusion efforts, please see our 2021 People and Culture Report and our 2021 ESG Report, which are available on our website. The information in these reports is not a part of this Form 10-K. \nDriver and Courier Well-Being\nIn addition to employees discussed above, our business also depends on our ability to attract and engage Drivers, consumers, Merchants, shippers, and Couriers, as well as contractors and consultants that support our global operations.\nIn relation to those individuals who earn income on our platform, Uber is one of the largest open platforms for work in the world, providing accessible, flexible work in approximately 72 countries. Drivers are key parts of the marketplaces that Uber has created \n9\nthrough its apps. A diverse set of people choose to use our platform to earn income without having to apply for, or work the fixed schedules associated with, traditional employment. We believe this flexibility is an improvement over traditional work schedules and is something we believe can and should remain available to anyone who chooses platform-based work. Uber monitors regional and global driver attraction, retention and satisfaction rates.\nAccessible, flexible, independent work has offered an option for many workers historically marginalized from the labor market and has enabled wide geographic coverage and reliable service offerings for consumers. However, it is increasingly clear that more can be done to improve the experience of using an app to connect with work opportunities. Although the situation varies across countries and cities, the benefits and protections for independent workers are generally patchy compared with those that employees receive. The current binary system of employment classification under some legal frameworks means that a worker is either an employee who is provided significant social benefits or an independent worker who has access to relatively few. This does not have to be the case. At Uber, we believe that being your own boss should not have to come at the expense of security and dignity in work. Around the world, Uber has found innovative ways to address these issues.\n\u2022\nAdvocacy\n: We have advocated for wider policy solutions to improve access to protections and benefits for independent workers. We believe all work should be treated equally. We also believe that legislative reform is needed to modernize the social safety net. This includes requiring Uber\u2014and other app based companies\u2014to provide benefits and protections to their users without compromising the flexibility of their use of the app. Some examples of our advocacy to preserve flexibility of work while expanding access to benefits and protections are as follows:\n\u25e6\nIn the United States, European Union, and Canada, we put forward proposals to improve the quality of independent work, calling on policymakers, platform companies, and social representatives to work together on a new approach to platform work\u2014one where having access to protections and benefits doesn\u2019t come at the cost of flexibility and job creation.\n\u25e6\nIn California, we welcomed the passage of Proposition 22, which introduced new requirements for platform companies like Uber to provide benefits, including healthcare stipends, injury protection insurance, and safety training, and implemented its requirements.\n\u25e6\nIn the UK, we announced that all UK drivers will be treated as workers and receive additional rights and protections going forward. Pursuant to this change, drivers who use Uber\u2019s platform in the UK will earn at least the National Living Wage for time spent actively working, be paid holiday pay, and will be enrolled into a pension plan if eligible. We have also announced a partnership with labor union GMB to provide an even stronger voice to drivers and to raise the standard of flexible work across the industry.\n\u2022\nProtections and benefits\n: We partner with leading insurance companies around the world to pioneer protections for independent workers, including implementing additional protections and benefits for Drivers in California pursuant to the passage of Proposition 22. \n\u2022\nEarnings\n: We are continually developing new technology that Drivers can use to acquire information that may help them save on costs and make informed choices about where and when to drive (based on when and where their earnings potential is highest).\n\u2022\nProgression\n: We have partnered with Arizona State University to offer eligible Drivers and their family members access to over 100 undergraduate degree programs, courses in English language learning, or a certificate in entrepreneurship. Through our partnership with Arizona State University, over 4,000 Drivers and their family members have enrolled in an undergraduate degree program.\n\u2022\nEngagement\n: We are focused on listening to and responding to the ideas and concerns of Drivers and Merchants who use our platform. We believe that the best ideas can come from anywhere, both inside and outside our company. In locations around the world, we are piloting innovative ways for Drivers to participate in meaningful dialogue with us. In markets across the world, we hold regular meetings with Driver associations and conduct regular surveys to gather feedback on our app, our support services, and other matters. \nFor additional discussion, see the risk factor titled \u201c\u2014If we are unable to attract or maintain a critical mass of Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers, whether as a result of competition or other factors, our platform will become less appealing to platform users, and our financial results would be adversely impacted.\u201d included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well our 2021 ESG Report and our 2021 People and Culture Report. The information in these reports is not a part of this Form 10-K.\nAdditional Information\nWe were founded in 2009 and incorporated as Ubercab, Inc., a Delaware corporation, in July 2010. In February 2011, we changed our name to Uber Technologies, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 1515 3rd Street, San Francisco, California 94158, and our telephone number is (415) 612-8582.\n10\nOur website address is www.uber.com and our investor relations website is located at https://investor.uber.com. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (\u201cSEC\u201d) maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the \u201cExchange Act\u201d) are also available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.\nWe webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, as part of our investor relations website. The contents of these websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document we file.", "item1a": ">ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS\nCertain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections titled \u201cSpecial Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements\u201d and \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\u201d and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material.\nRisk Factor Summary\nThe following are some of these risks, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business financial condition, operating results, or prospects.\n\u2022\nThe COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of actions to mitigate the pandemic have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect parts of our business.\n\u2022\nOur business would be adversely affected if Drivers were classified as employees, workers or quasi-employees instead of independent contractors.\n\u2022\nThe mobility, delivery, and logistics industries are highly competitive, with well-established and low-cost alternatives that have been available for decades, low barriers to entry, low switching costs, and well-capitalized competitors in nearly every major geographic region.\n\u2022\nTo remain competitive in certain markets, we have in the past lowered, and may continue to lower, fares or service fees, and we have in the past offered, and may continue to offer, significant Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions.\n\u2022\nWe have incurred significant losses since inception, including in the United States and other major markets. We expect our operating expenses to increase significantly in the foreseeable future, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability.\n\u2022\nIf we are unable to attract or maintain a critical mass of Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers, whether as a result of competition or other factors, our platform will become less appealing to platform users. \n\u2022\nMaintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation is critical to our business prospects. We have previously received significant media coverage and negative publicity regarding our brand and reputation, and while we have taken significant steps to rehabilitate our brand and reputation, failure to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation will cause our business to suffer.\n\u2022\nOur historical workplace culture and forward-leaning approach created operational, compliance, and cultural challenges and our efforts to address these challenges may not be successful.\n\u2022\nIf we are unable to optimize our organizational structure or effectively manage our growth, our financial performance and future prospects will be adversely affected.\n\u2022\nPlatform users may engage in, or be subject to, criminal, violent, inappropriate, or dangerous activity that results in major safety incidents, which may harm our ability to attract and retain Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers.\n\u2022\nWe are making substantial investments in new offerings and technologies, and may increase such investments in the future. These new ventures are inherently risky, and we may never realize any expected benefits from them.\n\u2022\nWe generate a significant percentage of our Gross Bookings from trips in large metropolitan areas, and these operations may be negatively affected by economic, social, weather, and regulatory conditions or other circumstances, including COVID-19.\n11\n\u2022\nWe may fail to offer autonomous vehicle technologies on our platform, fail to offer such technologies on our platform before our competitors, or such technologies may fail to perform as expected, may be inferior to those offered by our competitors, or may be perceived as less safe than those offered by competitors or non-autonomous vehicles. \n\u2022\nOur business depends on retaining and attracting high-quality personnel, and continued attrition, future attrition, or unsuccessful succession planning could adversely affect our business.\n\u2022\nWe may experience security or data privacy breaches or other unauthorized or improper access to, use of, alteration of or destruction of our proprietary or confidential data, employee data, or platform user data.\n\u2022\nCyberattacks, including computer malware, ransomware, viruses, spamming, and phishing attacks could harm our reputation, business, and operating results.\n\u2022\nWe are subject to climate change risks, including physical and transitional risks, and if we are unable to manage such risks, our business may be adversely impacted.\n\u2022\nWe have made climate related commitments that require us to invest significant effort, resources, and management time and circumstances may arise, including those beyond our control, that may require us to revise the contemplated timeframes for implementing these commitments.\n\u2022\nWe rely on third parties maintaining open marketplaces to distribute our platform and to provide the software we use in certain of our products and offerings. If such third parties interfere with the distribution of our products or offerings or with our use of such software, our business would be adversely affected.\n\u2022\nWe will require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on reasonable terms or at all.\n\u2022\nIf we are unable to successfully identify, acquire and integrate suitable businesses, our operating results and prospects could be harmed, and any businesses we acquire may not perform as expected or be effectively integrated.\n\u2022\nWe may continue to be blocked from or limited in providing or operating our products and offerings in certain jurisdictions, and may be required to modify our business model in those jurisdictions as a result.\n\u2022\nOur business is subject to numerous legal and regulatory risks that could have an adverse impact on our business and future prospects.\n\u2022\nOur business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight relating to the provision of payment and financial services.\n\u2022\nWe face risks related to our collection, use, transfer, disclosure, and other processing of data, which could result in investigations, inquiries, litigation, fines, legislative and regulatory action, and negative press about our privacy and data protection practices.\n\u2022\nIf we are unable to protect our intellectual property, or if third parties are successful in claiming that we are misappropriating the intellectual property of others, we may incur significant expense and our business may be adversely affected.\n\u2022\nThe market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile or may decline steeply or suddenly regardless of our operating performance, and we may not be able to meet investor or analyst expectations. You may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid and may lose all or part of your investment.\nRisks Related to Our Business\nGeneral Economic Risks\nThe coronavirus (\u201cCOVID-19\u201d) pandemic and the impact of actions to mitigate the pandemic have adversely impacted and could continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.\nIn March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic. Since then, in an attempt to limit the spread of the virus, various governments around the world have implemented, lifted, and in some regions reinstated travel restrictions, business restrictions, school closures, limitations on social or public gatherings, and other measures that have,\n \nand may continue to have, an adverse impact on our business and operations, including, for example, by reducing the demand for our Mobility offerings globally, and affecting travel behavior and demand. Even as such restrictions are being lifted and many regions around the world are making progress in their recovery from the pandemic, end-user behavior and demand for our Mobility offering may not recover to pre-pandemic levels. Furthermore, we are experiencing and expect to continue to experience Driver supply constraints, and such supply constraints have been and may continue to be impacted by concerns regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, and we cannot predict when Driver supply levels will return to pre-pandemic levels. Additionally, the recent surge of COVID-19 primarily related to the rise of the Omicron variant in many markets in the United States and globally has affected and may continue to affect, among other things, travel and result in other COVID-19 related advisories and restrictions and may adversely affect both Driver supply and consumer demand for our Mobility offering. In addition, certain U.S. jurisdictions have issued emergency orders that require us to cap \n12\nfees charged to merchants on Delivery. Furthermore, to support social distancing, we temporarily suspended our shared rides offering globally for approximately one year, and our shared rides offering continues to be temporarily suspended in many regions.\nFurthermore, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we asked that all employees who are able to do so work remotely, and while we have since re-opened certain offices and announced a hybrid return-to-office plan for employees, plans to return to the office may be negatively impacted by ongoing spread of the COVID-19 virus, including positive tests for COVID-19 among some personnel who voluntarily returned to the office; these and any future instances of positive COVID-19 tests of personnel working in our offices, as well as continued widespread remote work arrangements could have a negative impact on our operations, the execution of our business plans, and productivity and availability of key personnel and other employees necessary to conduct our business, and of third-party service providers who perform critical services for us, or otherwise cause operational failures due to changes in our normal business practices necessitated by the outbreak and related governmental actions. If a natural disaster, power outage, connectivity issue, or other event occurred that impacted our employees\u2019 ability to work remotely, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The increase in remote working may also result in privacy, cybersecurity and fraud risks, and our understanding of applicable legal and regulatory requirements, as well as the latest guidance from regulatory authorities in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, may be subject to legal or regulatory challenge, particularly as regulatory guidance evolves in response to future developments.\nWe have responded to the COVID-19 pandemic by launching new, or expanding existing, services, features, or health and safety requirements on an expedited basis, particularly those relating to delivery of food and other goods. Our understanding of applicable privacy, consumer protection and other legal and regulatory requirements, as well as the latest guidance from regulatory authorities in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, may be subject to legal or regulatory challenge, particularly as regulatory guidance evolves in response to future developments. In addition, our launch of new, or expanding existing, services, features, or health and safety requirements in response to COVID-19 may heighten other risks described in this \u201cRisk Factors\u201d section, including our classification of Drivers. These challenges could result in fines or other enforcement measures that could adversely impact our financial results or operations.\nThe COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our near-term financial results and may adversely impact our long-term financial results, which has required and may continue to require significant actions in response, including but not limited to, additional reductions in workforce and certain changes to pricing models of our offerings, all in an effort to mitigate such impacts. In light of the evolving nature of COVID-19 and the uncertainty it has produced around the world, we do not believe it is possible to predict with precision the pandemic\u2019s cumulative and ultimate impact on our future business operations, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.\n \nThe extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business and financial results will depend largely on future developments, including the duration of the spread of the outbreak and any future \u201cwaves\u201d or resurgences of the outbreak or variants of the virus, both globally and within the United States, the administration, adoption and efficacy of vaccines in the United States and internationally, the impact on capital and financial markets, the impact on global supply chains, foreign currencies exchange, governmental or regulatory orders that impact our business and whether the impacts may result in permanent changes to our end-users\u2019 behaviors, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Moreover, even after shelter at home orders and travel advisories are lifted, demand for our Mobility offering may remain weak for a significant length of time and we cannot predict when and if our Mobility offering will return to pre-COVID-19 demand levels.\nIn addition, we cannot predict the impact the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our business partners and third-party vendors, and we may be adversely impacted as a result of the adverse impact our business partners and third-party vendors suffer. Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic have caused extreme volatility in financial markets, which has and may continue to adversely impact our stock price and our ability to access capital markets. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this \u201cRisk Factors\u201d section. Any of the foregoing factors, or other cascading effects of the pandemic that are not currently foreseeable, could adversely impact our business, financial performance and condition, and results of operations.\nOperational Risks\nOur business would be adversely affected if Drivers were classified as employees, workers or quasi-employees.\nThe classification of Drivers is currently being challenged in courts, by legislators and by government agencies in the United States and abroad. We are involved in numerous legal proceedings globally, including putative class and collective class action lawsuits, demands for arbitration, charges and claims before administrative agencies, and investigations or audits by labor, social security, and tax authorities that claim that Drivers should be treated as our employees (or as workers or quasi-employees where those statuses exist), rather than as independent contractors. We believe that Drivers are independent contractors because, among other things, they can choose whether, when, and where to provide services on our platform, are free to provide services on our competitors\u2019 platforms, and provide a vehicle to perform services on our platform. Nevertheless, we may not be successful in defending the classification of Drivers in some or all jurisdictions. Furthermore, the costs associated with defending, settling, or resolving pending and future lawsuits (including demands for arbitration) relating to the classification of Drivers have been and may continue to be material to our business.\nIn addition, more than 150,000 Drivers in the United States who have entered into arbitration agreements with us have filed (or \n13\nexpressed an intention to file) arbitration demands against us that assert similar classification claims. We have resolved the classification claims of a majority of these Drivers under individual settlement agreements, pursuant to which we have paid approximately $372 million as of December\u00a031, 2021. Furthermore, we are involved in numerous legal proceedings regarding the enforceability of arbitration agreements entered into with Drivers. If we are not successful in such proceedings, this could negatively impact the enforceability of arbitration agreements in other legal proceedings, which could have an adverse consequence on our business and financial condition.\nChanges to foreign, state, and local laws governing the definition or classification of independent contractors, or judicial decisions regarding independent contractor classification, could require classification of Drivers as employees (or workers or quasi-employees where those statuses exist) and/or representation of Drivers by labor unions. For example, California\u2019s Assembly Bill 5 became effective as of January 1, 2020. Government authorities and private plaintiffs have brought litigation asserting that Assembly Bill 5 requires Drivers in California to be classified as employees. For example, in May 2020, the California Attorney General, in conjunction with the city attorneys for San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego, filed a complaint against Uber and Lyft, alleging that drivers are misclassified, and sought an injunction and monetary damages related to the alleged competitive advantage caused by the alleged misclassification of drivers. In August 2020, the San Francisco Superior Court issued a preliminary injunction enjoining Uber and Lyft from classifying drivers as independent contractors during the pendency of the lawsuit, and while the California Court of Appeal subsequently affirmed the lower court\u2019s ruling, on April 12, 2021, the parties filed a stipulation to dissolve the injunction, which was granted on April 16, 2021.\nIn November 2020, California voters approved Proposition 22, a California state ballot initiative that provides a framework for drivers that use platforms like ours for independent work. Proposition 22 went into effect in December 2020 and we expect that Drivers will be able to maintain their status as independent contractors under California law and that we and our competitors will be required to comply with the provisions of Proposition 22. Although our stipulation to dissolve the California Attorney General\u2019s preliminary injunction was granted in April 2021, that litigation remains pending, and we also may face liability relating to periods before the effective date of Proposition 22. Legal challenges to Proposition 22 have been and may continue to be filed.\nWe face similar challenges in other jurisdictions. For example, in July 2020, the Massachusetts Attorney General filed a complaint against Uber and Lyft, alleging that drivers are misclassified, and seeking an injunction. If we do not prevail in current litigation or similar actions that may be brought in the future, we may be required to treat Drivers as employees and/or make other changes to our business model in certain jurisdictions. If, as a result of legislation or judicial decisions, we are required to classify Drivers as employees, we would incur significant additional expenses for compensating Drivers, including expenses associated with the application of wage and hour laws (including minimum wage, overtime, and meal and rest period requirements), employee benefits, social security contributions, taxes (direct and indirect), and potential penalties. In this case, we anticipate significant price increases for Riders to offset these additional costs; however, we believe that the financial impact to Uber would be moderated by the likelihood of all competitors raising prices. Additionally, we may not have adequate Driver supply as Drivers may opt out of our platform given the loss of flexibility under an employment model, and we may not be able to hire a majority of the Drivers currently using our platform. Further, any such reclassification would require us to fundamentally change our business model, and consequently have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.\nAnother example of a recent judicial decision relating to Driver classification is the Aslam, Farrar, Hoy and Mithu v. Uber B.V., et al. ruling by the Employment Appeal Tribunal in the United Kingdom, subsequently upheld by the UK Supreme Court, that found that the plaintiff Drivers were workers (rather than self-employed). Subsequent to the UK Supreme Court\u2019s ruling, we announced that we will treat all UK drivers as \u201cworkers\u201d under UK labor law, going forward. Pursuant to this change, Mobility drivers that use our platform will earn at least the National Living Wage for time spent actively working and be paid holiday pay, and eligible drivers will be enrolled into a pension plan. Other examples of judicial decisions include a decision by the French Supreme Court that a driver for a third-party meal delivery service was under a \u201csubordinate relationship\u201d of the service, indicating an employment relationship, a decision by the French Supreme Court that reclassified an UberX Driver as an employee (which has been followed by inconsistent appellate decisions regarding employee status), decisions by several Swiss governmental bodies ruling that Drivers should be classified as employees for Swiss social security or regulatory purposes, a recent Spanish regulation of food delivery platforms that presumes employment status and a ruling in September 2021 by a Netherlands court that Mobility Drivers are employees within the meaning of the taxi collective bargaining agreement.\nIn addition, reclassification of Drivers as employees, workers or quasi-employees where those statuses exist, have and could lead to groups of Drivers becoming represented by labor unions and similar organizations. For example, in May 2021, we formally recognized a UK driver union. If a significant number of Drivers were to become unionized and collective bargaining agreement terms were to deviate significantly from our business model, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In addition, a labor dispute involving Drivers may harm our reputation, disrupt our operations and reduce our net revenues, and the resolution of labor disputes may increase our costs.\nIn addition, if we are required to classify Drivers as employees, workers or quasi-employees, this may impact our current financial statement presentation including revenue, cost of revenue, incentives and promotions as further described in our significant and critical accounting policies in the section titled \u201cCritical Accounting Estimates\u201d included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 1 in the section titled \u201cNotes to the Consolidated Financial Statements\u201d included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report \n14\non Form 10-K.\nThe mobility, delivery, and logistics industries are highly competitive, with well-established and low-cost alternatives that have been available for decades, low barriers to entry, low switching costs, and well-capitalized competitors in nearly every major geographic region. If we are unable to compete effectively in these industries, our business and financial prospects would be adversely impacted.\nOur platform provides offerings in the mobility, delivery, and logistics industries. We compete on a global basis, and the markets in which we compete are highly fragmented. We face significant competition in each of the mobility and delivery industries globally and in the logistics industry in the United States and Canada from existing, well-established, and low-cost alternatives, and in the future we expect to face competition from new market entrants given the low barriers to entry that characterize these industries. In addition, within each of these markets, the cost to switch between products is low. Consumers have a propensity to shift to the lowest-cost or highest-quality provider; Drivers have a propensity to shift to the platform with the highest earnings potential; restaurants and other merchants have a propensity to shift to the delivery platform that offers the lowest service fee for their meals and other goods and provides the highest volume of orders; and shippers and carriers have a propensity to shift to the platform with the best price and most convenient service for hauling shipments.\nFurther, while we work to expand globally and introduce new products and offerings across a range of industries, many of our competitors remain focused on a limited number of products or on a narrow geographic scope, allowing them to develop specialized expertise and employ resources in a more targeted manner than we do. As we and our competitors introduce new products and offerings, and as existing products evolve, we expect to become subject to additional competition. In addition, our competitors may adopt certain of our product features, or may adopt innovations that Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers value more highly than ours, which would render our products less attractive or reduce our ability to differentiate our products. Increased competition could result in, among other things, a reduction of the revenue we generate from the use of our platform, the number of platform users, the frequency of use of our platform, and our margins.\nWe face competition in each of our offerings, including:\n\u2022\nMobility\n. Our Mobility offering competes with personal vehicle ownership and usage, which accounts for the majority of passenger miles in the markets that we serve, and traditional transportation services, including taxicab companies and taxi-hailing services, livery and other car services. In addition, public transportation can be a superior substitute to our Mobility offering and in many cases, offers a faster and lower-cost travel option in many cities. We also compete with other ridesharing companies, including certain of our minority-owned affiliates, for Drivers and riders, including Lyft, Ola, Didi, Grab, Bolt, and our Yandex.Taxi joint venture.\n\u2022\nDelivery\n. Our Delivery offering competes with numerous companies in the meal, grocery and other delivery space in various regions for Drivers, consumers, and merchants, including DoorDash, Deliveroo, Glovo, Instacart, Gopuff, Rappi, iFood, Delivery Hero, Just Eat Takeaway, and Amazon. Our Delivery offering also competes with restaurants, including those that offer their own delivery and/or take-away, meal kit delivery services, grocery delivery services, and traditional grocers.\n\u2022\nFreight.\n Our Freight offering competes with global and North American freight brokers such as C.H. Robinson, Total Quality Logistics, XPO Logistics, Convoy, Echo Global Logistics, Coyote, Transfix, DHL, and NEXT Trucking.\nMany of our competitors are well-capitalized and offer discounted services, Driver incentives, consumer discounts and promotions, innovative products and offerings, and alternative pricing models, which may be more attractive to consumers than those that we offer. Further, some of our current or potential competitors have, and may in the future continue to have, greater resources and access to larger Driver, consumer, merchant, shipper, or carrier bases in a particular geographic market. In addition, our competitors in certain geographic markets enjoy substantial competitive advantages such as greater brand recognition, longer operating histories, larger marketing budgets, better localized knowledge, and more supportive regulatory regimes. As a result, such competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than us in such markets to new or changing opportunities, technologies, consumer preferences, regulations, or standards, which may render our products or offerings less attractive. In addition, future competitors may share in the effective benefit of any regulatory or governmental approvals and litigation victories we may achieve, without having to incur the costs we have incurred to obtain such benefits.\nWe are contractually restricted from competing with our minority-owned affiliates with respect to certain aspects of our business, including in China through August 2023, Russia/CIS through February 2025, Southeast Asia through the later of March 2023 or one year after we dispose of all interests in Grab, India with respect to meal delivery through January 2023, and the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and certain parts of Europe with respect to e-bikes and e-scooters through May 2023, while none of our minority-owned affiliates are restricted from competing with us anywhere in the world. Didi currently competes with us in certain countries in Latin America and in Australia. In addition, our Yandex.Taxi joint venture currently competes with us in certain countries in Europe and Africa. As Didi and our other minority-owned affiliates continue to expand their businesses, they may in the future compete with us in additional geographic markets. In addition, we are contractually restricted from competing with some of our \n15\nmajority-owned affiliates with respect to certain aspects of our business, including competing against Uber Freight with respect to freight brokerage.\nAdditionally, if we are unable to obtain regulatory approval of our acquisitions, we may not ultimately consummate such acquisitions or may consummate them only in jurisdictions where antitrust approval is obtained. Further, in order to obtain regulatory approval of acquisitions, we may be required to divest all or part of our or the target company\u2019s operations or agree to other remedies. Any such remedies could result in additional competition in some or all markets.\nFor all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors. Our inability to compete effectively would have an adverse effect on, or otherwise harm, our business, financial condition, and operating results.\nTo remain competitive in certain markets, we have in the past lowered, and may continue to lower, fares or service fees, and we have in the past offered, and may continue to offer, significant Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions, which has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our financial performance.\nTo remain competitive in certain markets and generate network scale and liquidity, we have in the past lowered, and may continue to lower, fares or service fees, and we have offered and may continue to offer significant Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions. At times, in certain geographic markets, we have offered, and may continue to offer, Driver incentives that cause the total amount of the fare that a Driver retains, combined with the Driver incentives a Driver receives from us, to increase, at times meeting or exceeding the amount of Gross Bookings we generate for a given Trip. In certain geographic markets and regions, we do not have a leading category position, which may result in us choosing to further increase the amount of Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions that we offer in those geographic markets and regions. We cannot assure you that offering such Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions will be successful. Driver incentives, consumer discounts, promotions, and reductions in fares and our service fee have negatively affected, and will continue to negatively affect, our financial performance. Additionally, we rely on pricing models to calculate consumer fares and Driver earnings, which have been modified over time and will likely in the future be modified, and pricing models at times vary based upon jurisdiction. We cannot assure you that our pricing models or strategies will be successful in attracting consumers and Drivers. For example, changes we have made in California to the information that Drivers see in the application, as well as pricing and offer structure changes, adversely impacted usage of the application. If we are unable to successfully manage these and similar kinds of changes in the future, our business may be adversely impacted.\nThe markets in which we compete have attracted significant investments from a wide range of funding sources, and we anticipate that many of our competitors will continue to be highly capitalized. Moreover, certain of our stockholders, including SoftBank (a large stockholder), have made substantial investments in certain of our competitors and may increase such investments, make new investments in other competitors, or enter into strategic transactions with competitors in the future. These investments or strategic transactions, along with other competitive advantages discussed above, may allow our competitors to compete more effectively against us and continue to lower their prices, offer Driver incentives or consumer discounts and promotions, or otherwise attract Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers to their platform and away from ours. Such competitive pressures may lead us to maintain or lower fares or service fees or maintain or increase our Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions. Ridesharing and certain other categories in which we compete are relatively nascent, and we cannot guarantee that they will stabilize at a competitive equilibrium that will allow us to achieve profitability.\nWe have incurred significant losses since inception, including in the United States and other major markets. We expect our operating expenses to increase significantly in the foreseeable future, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability.\nWe have incurred significant losses since inception. We incurred operating losses of $8.6 billion, $4.9 billion and $3.8 billion in the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, and as of December\u00a031, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $23.6 billion. We will need to generate and sustain increased revenue levels and decrease proportionate expenses in future periods to achieve profitability in many of our largest markets, including in the United States, and even if we do, we may not be able to maintain or increase profitability. We may continue to incur losses in the near term as a result of substantial increases in our operating expenses, as we continue to invest in order to: increase the number of Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers using our platform through incentives, discounts, and promotions; expand within existing or into new markets; increase our research and development expenses; expand marketing channels and operations; hire additional employees; and add new products and offerings to our platform. These efforts may prove more expensive than we anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these expenses. Many of our efforts to generate revenue are new and unproven, and any failure to adequately increase revenue or contain the related costs could prevent us from attaining or increasing profitability. In addition, we sometimes introduce new products that we expect to add value to our overall platform and network but which we expect will generate lower Gross Bookings per Trip or a lower Take Rate. Further, we charge a lower service fee to certain of our largest chain restaurant partners on our Delivery offering to grow the number of Delivery consumers, which may at times result in a negative take rate with respect to those transactions after considering amounts collected from consumers and paid to Drivers. As we expand our offerings to additional cities, our offerings in these cities may be less profitable than the markets in which we currently operate. As such, we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the near term, in accordance with our expectations, or at all. Additionally, we may not realize the operating efficiencies we expect to achieve as a result of our acquisition of Careem and Postmates, and may continue to incur significant operating losses in \n16\nthe United States, Middle East, North Africa, and Pakistan in the future. Even if we do experience operating efficiencies, our operating results may not improve, at least in the near term.\nIf we are unable to attract or maintain a critical mass of Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers, whether as a result of competition or other factors, our platform will become less appealing to platform users, and our financial results would be adversely impacted.\nOur success in a given geographic market significantly depends on our ability to maintain or increase our network scale and liquidity in that geographic market by attracting Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers to our platform. If Drivers choose not to offer their services through our platform, or elect to offer them through a competitor\u2019s platform, we may lack a sufficient supply of Drivers to attract consumers and merchants to our platform. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience Driver supply constraints in most geographic markets in which we operate, and such supply constraints have been and may continue to be impacted by concerns regarding the continuing COVID-19 pandemic. To the extent that we experience Driver supply constraints in a given market, we may need to increase or may not be able to reduce the Driver incentives that we offer without adversely affecting the liquidity network effect that we experience in that market. Similarly, if carriers choose not to offer their services through our platform or elect to use other freight brokers, we may lack a sufficient supply of carriers in specific geographic markets to attract shippers to our platform. Furthermore, if merchants choose to partner with other delivery services in a specific geographic market, or if merchants choose to engage exclusively with our competitors, other merchant marketing websites, or other delivery services, we may lack a sufficient variety and supply of restaurant and other merchant options, or lack access to the most popular restaurants, such that our Delivery offering will become less appealing to consumers and merchants. A significant amount of our Delivery Gross Bookings come from a limited number of large restaurant groups and other merchants, and this concentration increases the risk of fluctuations in our operating results and our sensitivity to any material adverse developments experienced by our significant restaurant partners. If platform users choose to use other ridesharing, meal delivery, or logistics services, we may lack sufficient opportunities for Drivers to earn a fare, carriers to book a shipment, or restaurants to provide a meal, which may reduce the perceived utility of our platform. An insufficient supply of platform users would decrease our network liquidity and adversely affect our revenue and financial results. Although we may benefit from having larger network scale and liquidity than some competitors, those network effects may not result in competitive advantages or may be overcome by smaller competitors. Maintaining a balance between supply and demand in any given area at any given time and our ability to execute operationally may be more important to service quality than the absolute size of the network. If our service quality diminishes or our competitors\u2019 products achieve greater market adoption, our competitors may be able to grow at a quicker rate than we do and may diminish our network effect.\nOur number of platform users may decline materially or fluctuate as a result of many factors, including, among other things, dissatisfaction with the operation of our platform, the price of fares, meals, and shipments (including a reduction in incentives), dissatisfaction with the quality of service provided by the Drivers and merchants on our platform, quality of platform user support, dissatisfaction with the merchant selection on Delivery, negative publicity related to our brand, including as a result of safety incidents and corporate reporting related to safety, perceived political or geopolitical affiliations, a pandemic or an outbreak of disease or similar public health concern, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic, or fear of such an event, treatment of Drivers, perception that our culture has not fundamentally changed, dissatisfaction with changes we make to our products and offerings, or dissatisfaction with our products and offerings in general. In addition, if we are unable to provide high-quality support to platform users or respond to reported incidents, including safety incidents, in a timely and acceptable manner, our ability to attract and retain platform users could be adversely affected. If Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers do not establish or maintain active accounts with us, if a social media or other campaign encouraging users to cease use of our platform takes hold, if we fail to provide high-quality support, or if we cannot otherwise attract and retain a large number of Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers, our revenue would decline, and our business would suffer.\nThe number of Drivers and merchants on our platform could decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including Drivers ceasing to provide their services through our platform, passage or enforcement of local laws limiting our products and offerings, the low switching costs between competitor platforms or services, and dissatisfaction with our brand or reputation, pricing models (including potential reductions in incentives), ability to prevent safety incidents, or other aspects of our business. While we aim to provide an earnings opportunity comparable to that available in retail, wholesale, or merchant services or other similar work, we continue to experience dissatisfaction with our platform from a significant number of Drivers. In particular, as we aim to reduce Driver incentives to improve our financial performance, we expect Driver dissatisfaction will generally increase.\nOften, we are forced to make tradeoffs between the satisfaction of various platform users, as a change that one category of users views as positive will likely be viewed as negative to another category of users. We also take certain measures to protect against fraud, help increase safety, and prevent privacy and security breaches, including terminating access to our platform for users with low ratings or reported incidents, and imposing certain qualifications for Drivers and merchants, which may damage our relationships with platform users or discourage or diminish their use of our platform. Further, we are investing in our autonomous vehicle strategy, which may add to Driver dissatisfaction over time, as it may reduce the need for Drivers. Driver dissatisfaction has in the past resulted in protests by Drivers in various regions, including India, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Such protests have resulted, and any future protests may result, in interruptions to our business. Continued Driver dissatisfaction may also result in a decline in our number of platform users, which would reduce our network liquidity, and which in turn may cause a further decline in platform usage. \n17\nAny decline in the number of Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, or carriers using our platform would reduce the value of our network and would harm our future operating results.\nIn addition, changes in Driver qualification and background-check requirements may increase our costs and reduce our ability to onboard additional Drivers to our platform. Our Driver qualification and background check process varies by jurisdiction, and there have been allegations, including from regulators, legislators, prosecutors, taxicab owners, and consumers, that our background check process is insufficient or inadequate. With respect to Drivers who are only eligible to make deliveries through Delivery, our qualification and background check standards are generally less extensive than the standards for Drivers who are eligible to provide rides through our Mobility products. Legislators and regulators may pass laws or adopt regulations in the future requiring Drivers to undergo a materially different type of qualification, screening, or background check process, or that limit our ability to access information used in the background check process in an efficient manner, which could be costly and time-consuming. Required changes in the qualification, screening, and background check process (including any changes to such processes of Careem, Postmates or other acquired companies) could also reduce the number of Drivers in those markets or extend the time required to recruit new Drivers to our platform, which would adversely impact our business and growth. Furthermore, we rely on a single background-check provider in certain jurisdictions, and we may not be able to arrange for adequate background checks from a different provider on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The failure of this provider to provide background checks on a timely basis would result in our inability to onboard new Drivers or retain existing Drivers undergoing periodic background checks that are required to continue using our platform.\nMaintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation is critical to our business prospects. We have previously received significant media coverage and negative publicity regarding our brand and reputation, and while we have taken significant steps to rehabilitate our brand and reputation, failure to maintain or enhance our brand and reputation will cause our business to suffer.\nMaintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation is critical to our ability to attract new employees and platform users, to preserve and deepen the engagement of our existing employees and platform users, and to mitigate legislative or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, government investigations, and adverse platform user sentiment.\nWe have previously received a high degree of negative media coverage around the world, which has adversely affected our brand and reputation and fueled distrust of our company. Previous negative publicity, particularly as a result of cultural issues in 2017, adversely affected our brand and reputation, which made it difficult for us to attract and retain platform users, reduces confidence in and use of our products and offerings, invites continued legislative and regulatory scrutiny, and results in additional litigation and governmental investigations. Concurrently with and after these events, our competitors raised additional capital, increased their investments in certain markets, and improved their category positions and market shares, and may continue to do so.\nIn 2019, we released a safety report, which provides the public with data related to reports of sexual assaults and other critical safety incidents claimed to have occurred on our platform in the United States. The continuing public responses to this safety report or any future safety reports or similar public reporting of safety incidents claimed to have occurred on our platform, which may include disclosure of reports provided to regulators and other government authorities, may continue to result in positive and negative media coverage and increased regulatory scrutiny and could adversely affect our reputation with platform users. Further unfavorable media coverage and negative publicity could adversely impact our financial results and future prospects. As our platform continues to scale and becomes increasingly interconnected, resulting in increased media coverage and public awareness of our brand, future damage to our brand and reputation could have an amplified effect on our various platform offerings. Additionally, some of our acquired and majority-owned companies, including Careem, Postmates and Cornershop, have or will continue to use their own brands and/or operate their own apps in parallel with our brand and apps, and any damage or reputational harm to their brands could adversely impact our brand and reputation.\nOur brand and reputation might also be harmed by events outside of our control. For example, we have licensed our brand in connection with certain divestitures and joint ventures, including to Didi in China, to our Yandex.Taxi joint venture in Russia/CIS, and to Zomato in India, and while we have certain contractual protections in place governing the use of our brand by these companies, we do not control these businesses, we are not able to anticipate their actions, and consumers may not be aware that these service providers are not controlled by us. Furthermore, if Drivers, merchants, or carriers provide diminished quality of service, are involved in incidents regarding safety or privacy, engage in malfeasance, or otherwise violate the law, we may receive unfavorable press coverage and our reputation and business may be harmed. As a result, any of these third parties could take actions that result in harm to our brand, reputation, and consequently, our business.\nWhile we have taken significant steps to rehabilitate our brand and reputation, the successful rehabilitation of our brand will depend largely on maintaining a good reputation, minimizing the number of safety incidents, continuing an improved culture and workplace practices, improving our compliance programs, maintaining a high quality of service and ethical behavior, and continuing our marketing and public relations efforts. Our brand promotion, reputation building, and media strategies have involved significant costs and may not be successful. We anticipate that other competitors and potential competitors will expand their offerings, which will make maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand increasingly more difficult and expensive. If we fail to successfully maintain our brand in the current or future competitive environment or if events occur in the future which negatively affect public perception of our company, our brand and reputation would be further damaged and our business may suffer.\n18\nOur historical workplace culture and forward-leaning approach created operational, compliance, and cultural challenges, and a failure to address these challenges would adversely impact our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.\nOur historical workplace culture and forward-leaning approach created significant operational and cultural challenges that have in the past harmed, and may in the future continue to harm, our business results and financial condition. Our prior failure to prioritize compliance, has led to increased regulatory scrutiny globally. Although we have since made changes in our company\u2019s cultural values and composition of our leadership team and have an ongoing commitment to promote transparency and collaboration, regulators may continue to perceive us negatively, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.\nOur historical workplace culture also created a lack of transparency internally, which resulted in siloed teams that lacked coordination and knowledge sharing, causing misalignment and inefficiencies in operational and strategic objectives. Although we have since embraced a culture of enhanced transparency, these efforts may not be successful. Furthermore, many of our regional operations are not centrally managed, such that key policies may not be adequately communicated or managed to achieve consistent business objectives across functions and regions. Although we have reorganized some of our teams to address such issues, such reorganizations may not be successful in aligning operational or strategic objectives across our company.\nOur workforce and operations have grown substantially since our inception and we have implemented several reductions in workforce in 2019 and 2020. If we are unable to optimize our organizational structure or effectively manage our growth or any reductions in workforce, our financial performance and future prospects will be adversely affected.\nSince our inception, we have experienced rapid growth in the United States and internationally. This expansion increases the complexity of our business and has placed, and will continue to place, significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. We may not be able to manage our growth effectively, which could damage our reputation and negatively affect our operating results.\nAs our operations have expanded, we have grown from 159 employees as of December 31, 2012 to approximately 29,300 global employees as of December\u00a031, 2021, of whom approximately 12,300 were located outside the United States. We expect the total number of our employees located outside the United States to increase as we expand globally. Properly managing our growth will require us to continue to hire, train, and manage qualified employees and staff, including engineers, operations personnel, financial and accounting staff, and sales and marketing staff, and to improve and maintain our technology. If our new hires perform poorly, if we are unsuccessful in hiring, training, managing, and integrating new employees and staff, or if we are not successful in retaining our existing employees and staff, our business may be harmed. Moreover, in order to optimize our organizational structure, we have implemented several reductions in workforce and restructurings, including in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, and may in the future implement other reductions in workforce. Any reduction in workforce or restructuring may yield unintended consequences and costs, such as attrition beyond the intended reduction in workforce, the distraction of employees, or reduced employee morale and could adversely affect our reputation as an employer, which could make it more difficult for us to hire new employees in the future and increase the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits from the reduction in workforce. Properly managing our growth or any reductions in workforce will require us to establish consistent policies across regions and functions, and a failure to do so could likewise harm our business.\nOur failure to upgrade our technology or network infrastructure effectively to support our growth could result in unanticipated system disruptions, slow response times, or poor experiences for Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers. To manage the growth of our operations and personnel and improve the technology that supports our business operations, as well as our financial and management systems, disclosure controls and procedures, and internal controls over financial reporting, we will be required to commit substantial financial, operational, and technical resources. In particular, we will need to improve our transaction processing and reporting, operational, and financial systems, procedures, and controls. For example, due to our significant growth, especially with respect to our high-growth emerging offerings like Delivery and Freight, we face challenges in timely and appropriately designing controls in response to evolving risks of material misstatement. These improvements are and will be particularly challenging when we acquire new businesses with different systems. Our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support our future operations. If we are unable to expand our operations and hire additional qualified personnel in an efficient manner, or if our operational technology is insufficient to reliably service Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, or carriers, platform user satisfaction will be adversely affected and may cause platform users to switch to our competitors\u2019 platforms, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.\nOur organizational structure is complex and will continue to grow as we add additional Drivers, consumers, merchants, carriers, shippers, employees, products and offerings, and technologies, and as we continue to expand globally. We will need to improve our operational, financial, and management controls as well as our reporting systems and procedures to support the growth of our organizational structure. We will require capital and management resources to grow and mature in these areas. If we are unable to effectively manage the growth of our business, the quality of our platform may suffer, and we may be unable to address competitive challenges, which would adversely affect our overall business, operations, and financial condition.\n19\nIf platform users engage in, or are subject to, criminal, violent, inappropriate, or dangerous activity that results in major safety incidents, our ability to attract and retain Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers may be harmed, which could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, and operating results.\nWe are not able to control or predict the actions of platform users and third parties, either during their use of our platform or otherwise, and we may be unable to protect or provide a safe environment for Drivers and consumers as a result of certain actions by Drivers, consumers, merchants, carriers, and third parties. Such actions may result in injuries, property damage, or loss of life for consumers and third parties, or business interruption, brand and reputational damage, or significant liabilities for us. Although we administer certain qualification processes for users of our platform, including background checks on Drivers through third-party service providers, these qualification processes and background checks may not expose all potentially relevant information and are limited in certain jurisdictions according to national and local laws, and our third-party service providers may fail to conduct such background checks adequately or disclose information that could be relevant to a determination of eligibility. Further, the qualification and background check standards for Couriers are generally less extensive than those conducted for Mobility Drivers. In addition, we do not independently test Drivers\u2019 driving skills. Consequently, we expect to continue to receive complaints from riders and other consumers, as well as actual or threatened legal action against us related to Driver conduct. We have also faced civil litigation alleging, among other things, inadequate Driver qualification processes and background checks, and general misrepresentations regarding the safety of our platform.\nIf Drivers or carriers, or individuals impersonating Drivers or carriers, engage in criminal activity, misconduct, or inappropriate conduct or use our platform as a conduit for criminal activity, consumers and shippers may not consider our products and offerings safe, and we may receive negative press coverage as a result of our business relationship with such Driver or carrier, which would adversely impact our brand, reputation, and business. There have been numerous incidents and allegations worldwide of Drivers, or individuals impersonating Drivers, sexually assaulting, abusing, kidnapping and/or fatally injuring consumers, or otherwise engaging in criminal activity while using our platform or claiming to use our platform. Furthermore, if consumers engage in criminal activity or misconduct while using our platform, Drivers and merchants may be unwilling to continue using our platform. In addition, certain regions where we operate have high rates of violent crime, which has impacted Drivers and consumers in those regions. For example, in Latin America, there have been numerous and increasing reports of Drivers and consumers being victimized by violent crime, such as armed robbery, violent assault, and rape, while taking or providing a trip on our platform. If other criminal, inappropriate, or other negative incidents occur due to the conduct of platform users or third parties, our ability to attract platform users may be harmed, and our business and financial results could be adversely affected.\nPublic reporting or disclosure of reported safety information, including information about safety incidents reportedly occurring on or related to our platform, whether generated by us or third parties such as media or regulators, may adversely impact our business and financial results.\nFurther, we may be subject to claims of significant liability based on traffic accidents, deaths, injuries, or other incidents that are caused by Drivers, consumers, or third parties while using our platform, or even when Drivers, consumers, or third parties are not actively using our platform. On a smaller scale, we may face litigation related to claims by Drivers for the actions of consumers or third parties. Furthermore, operating a motor vehicle is inherently dangerous. In addition, the growth of our Delivery offering has led to an increase in Couriers on two wheel vehicles such as scooters and bicycles, who are more vulnerable road users and face a more severe level of injury in the event of a collision than that faced while driving in a vehicle. For example, urban hazards such as unpaved or uneven roadways increase the risk and severity of potential injuries. In addition, Couriers, in particular those on two wheel vehicles predominantly in metropolitan areas, need to share, navigate, and at times contend with narrow and heavily congested roads occupied by cars, buses and light rail, especially during \u201crush\u201d hours, all of which heighten the potential risk of injuries or death. Our auto liability and general liability insurance policies may not cover all potential claims to which we are exposed, and may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability. These incidents may subject us to liability and negative publicity, which would increase our operating costs and adversely affect our business, operating results, and future prospects. Even if these claims do not result in liability, we will incur significant costs in investigating and defending against them. As we expand our products and offerings, such as Freight, this insurance risk will grow.\nWe are making substantial investments in new offerings and technologies, and may increase such investments in the future. These new ventures are inherently risky, and we may never realize any expected benefits from them.\nWe have made substantial investments to develop new offerings and technologies, and we intend to continue investing significant resources in developing new technologies, tools, features, services, products and offerings. For example, through our acquisition of Cornershop, a provider of online grocery delivery in several countries including Mexico and Chile, we expanded our Delivery offering to grocery delivery. Additionally, in October 2021, we acquired The Drizly Group, Inc., which operates an on-demand alcohol marketplace in North America, in order to further expand our Delivery offering to alcohol. We also plan to invest significant resources to develop and expand new offerings and technologies in the markets in which Careem and Postmates operate. If we do not spend our development budget efficiently or effectively on commercially successful and innovative technologies, we may not realize the expected benefits of our strategy. Our new initiatives also have a high degree of risk, as each involves nascent industries and unproven business strategies and technologies with which we have limited or no prior development or operating experience. Because such \n20\nofferings and technologies are new, they will likely involve claims and liabilities (including, but not limited to, personal injury claims), expenses, regulatory challenges, and other risks, some of which we do not currently anticipate.\nThere can be no assurance that consumer demand for such initiatives will exist or be sustained at the levels that we anticipate, or that any of these initiatives will gain sufficient traction or market acceptance to generate sufficient revenue to offset any new expenses or liabilities associated with these new investments. It is also possible that products and offerings developed by others will render our products and offerings noncompetitive or obsolete. Further, our development efforts with respect to new products, offerings and technologies could distract management from current operations, and will divert capital and other resources from our more established products, offerings and technologies. Even if we are successful in developing new products, offerings or technologies, regulatory authorities may subject us to new rules or restrictions in response to our innovations that could increase our expenses or prevent us from successfully commercializing new products, offerings or technologies. If we do not realize the expected benefits of our investments, our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects may be harmed.\nOur business is substantially dependent on operations outside the United States, including those in markets in which we have limited experience, and if we are unable to manage the risks presented by our business model internationally, our financial results and future prospects will be adversely impacted.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we operated in approximately 72 countries, and markets outside the United States accounted for approximately 78% of all Trips. We have limited experience operating in many jurisdictions outside of the United States and have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments to expand our international operations and compete with local and other global competitors. For example, our acquisitions of Careem and Cornershop may not be successful and may negatively affect our operating results.\nConducting our business internationally, particularly in countries in which we have limited experience, subjects us to risks that we do not face to the same degree in the United States. These risks include, among others:\n\u2022\noperational and compliance challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences;\n\u2022\nthe resources required to localize our business, which requires the translation of our mobile app and website into foreign languages and the adaptation of our operations to local practices, laws, and regulations and any changes in such practices, laws, and regulations;\n\u2022\nlaws and regulations more restrictive than those in the United States, including laws governing competition, pricing, payment methods, Internet activities, transportation services (such as taxis and vehicles for hire), transportation network companies (such as ridesharing), logistics services, payment processing and payment gateways, real estate tenancy laws, tax and social security laws, employment and labor laws, driver screening and background checks, licensing regulations, email messaging, privacy, location services, collection, use, processing, or sharing of personal information, ownership of intellectual property, and other activities important to our business;\n\u2022\ncompetition with companies or other services (such as taxis or vehicles for hire) that understand local markets better than we do, that have pre-existing relationships with potential platform users in those markets, or that are favored by government or regulatory authorities in those markets;\n\u2022\ndiffering levels of social acceptance of our brand, products, and offerings;\n\u2022\ndiffering levels of technological compatibility with our platform;\n\u2022\nexposure to business cultures in which improper business practices may be prevalent;\n\u2022\nlegal uncertainty regarding our liability for the actions of platform users and third parties, including uncertainty resulting from unique local laws or a lack of clear legal precedent;\n\u2022\ndifficulties in managing, growing, and staffing international operations, including in countries in which foreign employees may become part of labor unions, employee representative bodies, or collective bargaining agreements, and challenges relating to work stoppages or slowdowns;\n\u2022\nfluctuations in currency exchange rates;\n\u2022\nmanaging operations in markets in which cash transactions are favored over credit or debit cards;\n\u2022\nregulations governing the control of local currencies that impact our ability to collect fares on behalf of Drivers and remit those funds to Drivers in the same currencies, as well as higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud;\n\u2022\nadverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value added and digital services tax systems, and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings;\n\u2022\nincreased financial accounting and reporting burdens, and complexities associated with implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls;\n21\n\u2022\ndifficulties in implementing and maintaining the financial systems and processes needed to enable compliance across multiple offerings and jurisdictions;\n\u2022\nimport and export restrictions and changes in trade regulation;\n\u2022\npolitical, social, and economic instability abroad, war, terrorist attacks and security concerns in general, and societal crime conditions that harm or disrupt the global economy and/or can directly impact platform users;\n\u2022\npublic health concerns or emergencies, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic and other highly communicable diseases or viruses, outbreaks of which have from time to time occurred in various parts of the world in which we operate; and\n\u2022\nreduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some markets.\nThese risks could adversely affect our international operations, which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.\nWe have limited influence over our minority-owned affiliates, which subjects us to substantial risks, including potential loss of value.\nOur growth strategy has included the restructuring of our business and assets by divesting our business and assets in certain jurisdictions and partnering with and investing in local ridesharing, and delivery companies to participate in those markets rather than operate in those markets independently. Our growth strategy has also included the divestment of certain lines of businesses in its entirety, and not just in certain jurisdictions, and instead partnering and investing in our competitors in those lines of businesses. As a result, a significant portion of our assets includes minority ownership positions, including in Didi, Grab, our Yandex.Taxi joint venture, Lime, Zomato and Aurora.\nOur ownership in these entities involves significant risks that are outside our control. We are not represented on the management team or board of directors of Didi or Zomato, and therefore we do not participate in the day-to-day management of Didi or Zomato or the actions taken by the board of directors of Didi and Zomato. We are not represented on the management teams of Grab, our Yandex.Taxi joint venture, Lime or Aurora, and therefore do not participate in the day-to-day management of Grab, our Yandex.Taxi joint venture, Lime or Aurora. Although we are represented on each of the boards of directors of Grab, our Yandex.Taxi joint venture, Lime and Aurora, we do not have a controlling influence on those boards. As a result, the boards of directors or management teams of these companies may make decisions or take actions with which we disagree or that may be harmful to the value of our ownership in these companies. Additionally, these companies have expanded their offerings, and we expect them to continue to expand their offerings in the future, to compete with us in various markets throughout the world. While this could enhance the value of our ownership interest in these companies, our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects would be adversely affected by such expansion into markets in which we operate.\nAny material decline in the business of these entities would adversely affect the value of our assets and our financial results. Furthermore, the value of these assets is based in part on the market valuations of these entities, and weakened financial markets have adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect such valuations. To the extent these businesses are or become publicly traded companies, volatility or fluctuations in the stock price of such companies could adversely impact our financial results. These positions could expose us to risks, litigation, and unknown liabilities because, among other things, these companies have limited operating histories in evolving industries and may have less predictable operating results; to the extent these companies are privately owned, limited public information is available and we may not learn all the material information regarding these businesses; are domiciled and operate in countries with particular economic, tax, political, legal, safety, regulatory and public health risks, including the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on their business; are domiciled or operate in countries that may become subject to economic sanctions or foreign investment restrictions; depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of individuals, and, as a result, the death, disability, resignation, or termination of one or more of these individuals could have an adverse effect on the relevant company\u2019s operations; and will likely require substantial additional capital to support their operations and expansion and to maintain their competitive positions. Any of these risks could materially affect the value of our assets, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or the trading price of our common stock.\nFurther, we are contractually limited in our ability to sell or transfer these assets. For example, in connection with Aurora\u2019s November 2021 initial public offering, we are subject to a 4-year lock-up with respect to our shares in Aurora. Other than Aurora, Grab, Didi and Zomato, there is currently no public market for any of these securities, and there may be no market in the future if and when we decide to sell such assets. Furthermore, we may be required to sell these assets at a time at which we would not be able to realize what we believe to be the long-term value of these assets. For example, if we were deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the \u201cInvestment Company Act\u201d), we may be required to sell some or all of such assets so that we would not be subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act. Additionally, we may have to pay significant taxes upon the sale or transfer of these assets. Accordingly, we may never realize the value of these assets relative to the contributions we made to these businesses.\nWe may experience significant fluctuations in our operating results. If we are unable to achieve or sustain profitability, our prospects would be adversely affected and investors may lose some or all of the value of their investment.\n22\nOur operating results may vary significantly and are not necessarily an indication of future performance. These fluctuations may be a result of a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we experience seasonal fluctuations in our financial results. For Mobility, we typically generate higher revenue in our fourth quarter compared to other quarters due in part to fourth quarter holiday and business demand, and typically generate lower revenue in our third quarter compared to other quarters due in part to less usage of our platform during peak vacation season in certain cities, such as Paris. We have typically experienced lower quarter-over-quarter growth in Mobility in the first quarter. In 2021, we experienced less seasonality as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions, which altered typical travel patterns. For Delivery, we expect to experience seasonal increases in our revenue in the first and fourth quarters compared to the second and third quarters, although the historical growth of Delivery has masked these seasonal fluctuations; however, in 2021, we experienced less seasonality as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions, which accelerated the growth of Delivery in 2021 as cities imposed dining restrictions and shelter in place orders. Our growth has made, and may in the future make, seasonal fluctuations difficult to detect. We expect these seasonal trends to become more pronounced over time as our growth slows. Other seasonal trends may develop or these existing seasonal trends may become more extreme, which would contribute to fluctuations in our operating results. In addition to seasonality, our operating results may fluctuate as a result of factors including our ability to attract and retain new platform users, increased competition in the markets in which we operate, our ability to expand our operations in new and existing markets, our ability to maintain an adequate growth rate and effectively manage that growth, our ability to keep pace with technological changes in the industries in which we operate, changes in governmental or other regulations affecting our business, harm to our brand or reputation, and other risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As such, we may not accurately forecast our operating results. We base our expense levels and investment plans on estimates, which has become more challenging in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. A significant portion of our expenses and investments are fixed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our revenue is less than expected, resulting in losses that exceed our expectations. If we are unable to achieve sustained profits, our prospects would be adversely affected and investors may lose some or all of the value of their investment.\nIf our growth slows more significantly than we currently expect, we may not be able to achieve profitability, which would adversely affect our financial results and future prospects.\nOur Gross Bookings and revenue growth rates (in particular with respect to our ridesharing products) have slowed in recent periods, and we expect that they will continue to slow in the future. We believe that our growth depends on a number of factors, including the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and our ability to:\n\u2022\ngrow supply and demand on our platform;\n\u2022\nincrease existing platform users\u2019 activity on our platform;\n\u2022\ncontinue to introduce our platform to new markets;\n\u2022\nprovide high-quality support to Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers;\n\u2022\nexpand our business and increase our market share and category position;\n\u2022\ncompete with the products and offerings of, and pricing and incentives offered by, our competitors;\n\u2022\ndevelop new products, offerings, and technologies;\n\u2022\nidentify and acquire or invest in businesses, products, offerings, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform;\n\u2022\npenetrate suburban and rural areas and increase the number of rides taken on our platform outside metropolitan areas;\n\u2022\nreduce the costs of our Mobility offering to better compete with personal vehicle ownership and usage and other low-cost alternatives like public transportation, which in many cases can be faster or cheaper than any other form of transportation;\n\u2022\nmaintain existing local regulations in key markets where we operate;\n\u2022\nenter or expand operations in some of the key countries in which we are currently limited by local regulations, such as Argentina, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, and Spain; and\n\u2022\nincrease positive perception of our brand.\nWe may not successfully accomplish any of these objectives. In addition, circumstances that have accelerated the growth of our Delivery offering stemming from continued stay-at-home order demand related to COVID-19 may not continue in the future. A softening of Driver, consumer, merchant, shipper, or carrier demand, whether caused by changes in the preferences of such parties, failure to maintain our brand, changes in the U.S. or global economies, licensing fees in various jurisdictions, competition, or other factors, may result in decreased revenue or growth and our financial results and future prospects would be adversely impacted. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses, and if we cannot increase our revenue at a faster rate than the increase in our expenses, we will not achieve profitability.\n23\nWe generate a significant percentage of our Gross Bookings from trips in large metropolitan areas and trips to and from airports. If our operations in large metropolitan areas or ability to provide trips to and from airports are negatively affected, our financial results and future prospects would be adversely impacted.\nIn 2021, we derived 23% of our Mobility Gross Bookings from five metropolitan areas\u2014Chicago, Miami, and New York City in the United States, Sao Paulo in Brazil, and London in the United Kingdom. We experience strong competition in large metropolitan areas, which has led us to offer significant Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions in these large metropolitan areas. As a result of our geographic concentration, our business and financial results are susceptible to economic, social, weather, and regulatory conditions or other circumstances in each of these large metropolitan areas. Outbreaks of contagious diseases or other viruses, such as COVID-19, could lead to a sustained decline in the desirability of living, working and congregating in metropolitan areas in which we operate. Any short-term or long-term shifts in the travel patterns of consumers away from metropolitan areas, due to health concerns regarding epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19, could have an adverse impact on our Mobility Gross Bookings from these areas. An economic downturn, increased competition, or regulatory obstacles in any of these key metropolitan areas would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results to a much greater degree than would the occurrence of such events in other areas. In addition, any changes to local laws or regulations within these key metropolitan areas that affect our ability to operate or increase our operating expenses in these markets would have an adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, if we are unable to renew existing licenses or do not receive new licenses in key metropolitan areas where we operate or such licenses are terminated, any inability to operate in such metropolitan area, as well as the publicity concerning any such termination or non-renewal, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.\nIn addition, in August 2018, New York City approved regulations for the local for-hire market (which includes our ridesharing products), including a cap on the number of new vehicle licenses issued to drivers who offer for-hire services. In December 2018, New York City implemented a per-mile and per-minute minimum trip payment formula, designed to establish a minimum pay standard, for drivers providing for-hire services in New York City, such as those provided by Drivers on our platform. These minimum rates took effect in February 2019. Since implementation, these regulations have had an adverse impact on our financial performance in New York City and may continue to do so in the future. Additionally, in November 2019, a ballot measure to impose a surcharge on ridesharing trips in San Francisco was approved by voters in San Francisco. This surcharge took effect on January 1, 2020. In addition, other jurisdictions such as Seattle have passed, or may consider or pass regulations that would implement minimum wage requirements or permit drivers to negotiate for minimum wages while providing services on our platform. Further, we expect that we will continue to face challenges in penetrating lower-density suburban and rural areas, where our network is smaller and less liquid, the cost of personal vehicle ownership is lower, and personal vehicle ownership is more convenient. If we are not successful in penetrating suburban and rural areas, or if we are unable to operate in certain key metropolitan areas in the future, our ability to serve what we consider to be our total addressable market would be limited, and our business, financial condition, and operating results would suffer.\nIn 2021, we generated 11% of our Mobility Gross Bookings from trips that either started or were completed at an airport. As a result of this concentration, our operating results are susceptible to existing regulations and regulatory changes that impact the ability of drivers using our platform to provide trips to and from airports. In addition, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, travel behavior has changed and airline travel has slowed, reducing the demand for Mobility to and from airports. Sustained declines in air travel due to COVID-19, or other travel-related health concerns, could continue to suppress demand for airport-related Mobility and reduce our Mobility Gross Bookings from airport trips. Certain airports currently regulate ridesharing within airport boundaries, including by mandating that ridesharing service providers obtain airport-specific licenses, and some airports, particularly those outside the United States, have banned ridesharing operations altogether. Despite such bans, some Drivers continue to provide Mobility services, including trips to and from airports, despite lacking the requisite permits. Such actions may result in the imposition of fines or sanctions, including further bans on our ability to operate within airport boundaries, against us or Drivers. Additional bans on our airport operations, or any permitting requirements or instances of non-compliance by Drivers, would significantly disrupt our operations. In addition, if drop-offs or pick-ups of riders become inconvenient because of airport rules or regulations, or more expensive because of airport-imposed fees, the number of Drivers or consumers could decrease, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. While we have entered into agreements with most major U.S. airports as well as certain airports outside the United States to allow the use of our platform within airport boundaries, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to renew such agreements on favorable terms if at all, and we may not be successful in negotiating similar agreements with airports in all jurisdictions.\nIf we fail to offer autonomous vehicle technologies on our platform or fail to offer such technologies on our platform before our competitors, or if such technologies fail to perform as expected, are inferior to those offered by our competitors, or are perceived as less safe than those offered by competitors or non-autonomous vehicles, our financial performance and prospects would be adversely impacted.\nWe have invested, and we may continue to invest, substantial amounts in companies with whom we partner to offer autonomous vehicle technologies on our platform. For example, in January 2021, we completed the merger of our autonomous technologies business with Aurora, and included a $400 million investment in the combined company and a commercial agreement pursuant to which we and Aurora will collaborate with respect to the launch and commercialization of self-driving vehicles on our ridesharing \n24\nnetwork. We believe that autonomous vehicle technologies may have the ability to meaningfully impact the industries in which we compete and that autonomous vehicles present substantial opportunities. Several companies other than Aurora, including Waymo, Cruise Automation, Tesla, Apple, Zoox (which Amazon has acquired), Aptiv, and Nuro, are developing autonomous vehicle technologies, either alone or through collaborations with car manufacturers, and we expect that they will use such technology to further compete with us in the mobility, delivery, or logistics industries. Waymo has already introduced a commercialized ridehailing fleet of autonomous vehicles, and it is possible that our competitors could introduce autonomous vehicle offerings earlier than we will be able to offer autonomous vehicles on our platform through our commercial agreement with Aurora or other partners. In the event that our competitors bring autonomous vehicles to market before we are able to offer autonomous vehicles on our platform, or their technology is or is perceived to be superior to the technology of parties with which we partner to offer autonomous vehicles on our platform, they may be able to leverage such technology to compete more effectively with us, which would adversely impact our financial performance and our prospects. For example, use of autonomous vehicles could substantially reduce the cost of providing ridesharing, delivery, or logistics services, which could allow competitors to offer such services at a substantially lower price as compared to the price available to consumers on our platform. If a significant number of consumers choose to use our competitors\u2019 offerings over ours, our financial performance and prospects would be adversely impacted.\nAutonomous vehicle technologies involve significant risks and liabilities. Collisions, including fatal collisions, have happened. Failures of autonomous vehicle technologies that we may offer on our platform or crashes involving autonomous vehicles using the technology of our partners, could generate substantial liability for us, create negative publicity about us, or result in regulatory scrutiny, all of which would have an adverse effect on our reputation, brand, business, prospects, and operating results.\nFederal and state government regulations specifically designed to govern autonomous vehicle operation, testing and/or manufacture are developing. These regulations could include requirements that delay or limit our ability to offer autonomous vehicles on our platform. If regulations of this nature are implemented, we may not be able to offer autonomous vehicle technologies on our platform in the manner we expect, or at all. Further, if we or parties with which we partner to offer autonomous vehicle technologies are unable to comply with existing or new regulations or laws applicable to autonomous vehicles, we and our partners could become subject to substantial fines or penalties.\nOur business depends on retaining and attracting high-quality personnel, and continued attrition, future attrition, or unsuccessful succession planning could adversely affect our business.\nOur success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain high-quality management, operations, engineering, and other personnel who are in high demand, are often subject to competing employment offers, and are attractive recruiting targets for our competitors. Challenges related to our historical culture and workplace practices and negative publicity we experience have in the past led to significant attrition and made it more difficult to attract high-quality employees. Our employees have been working from home for almost two years in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, and although we announced our \u201creturn to office\u201d plan, which includes shifting to a hybrid model where employees have flexibility to work from home, we have not yet set a return-to-office-date in light of the dynamic nature of the pandemic. A hybrid model may create challenges, including challenges maintaining our corporate culture, increasing attrition or limiting our ability to attract employees if individuals prefer to continue working full time at home or in the office, or if there are instances of COVID-19 at the office. Prolonged remote work, as well as COVID-19 more generally, introduced new dynamics into the households of many of our employees, including struggling with work-life balance and feelings of stress and social isolation, and we experienced higher levels of attrition. Future challenges related to our culture and workplace practices or additional negative publicity could lead to further attrition and difficulty attracting high-quality employees.\nFuture leadership transitions and management changes may cause uncertainty in, or a disruption to, our business, and may increase the likelihood of senior management or other employee turnover. The loss of qualified executives and employees, or an inability to attract, retain, and motivate high-quality executives and employees required for the planned expansion of our business, may harm our operating results and impair our ability to grow.\nIn addition, we depend on the continued services and performance of our key personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer Dara Khosrowshahi. We have entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Khosrowshahi, which is at-will and has no specific duration. Recently hired executives may view our business differently than members of our prior management team and, over time, may make changes to our personnel and their responsibilities as well as our strategic focus, operations, or business plans. We may not be able to properly manage any such shift in focus, and any changes to our business may ultimately prove unsuccessful.\nIn addition, our failure to put in place adequate succession plans for senior and key management roles or the failure of key employees to successfully transition into new roles, for example, as a result of reductions in workforce, organizational changes and attrition, could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. The unexpected or abrupt departure of one or more of our key personnel and the failure to effectively transfer knowledge and effect smooth key personnel transitions has had and may in the future have an adverse effect on our business resulting from the loss of such person\u2019s skills, knowledge of our business, and years of industry experience. If we cannot effectively manage leadership transitions and management changes in the future, our reputation and future business prospects could be adversely affected.\nTo attract and retain key personnel, we use equity incentives, among other measures. These measures may not be sufficient to attract and retain the personnel we require to operate our business effectively. Further, the equity incentives we currently use to attract, \n25\nretain, and motivate employees may not be as effective as in the past, particularly if the value of the underlying stock does not increase commensurate with expectations or consistent with our historical stock price growth. If we are unable to attract and retain high-quality management and operating personnel, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected.\nThe impact of economic conditions, including the resulting effect on discretionary consumer spending, may harm our business and operating results.\nOur performance is subject to economic conditions and their impact on levels of discretionary consumer spending. Some of the factors that have an impact on discretionary consumer spending include general economic conditions, unemployment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth, residential real estate and mortgage markets, taxation, energy prices, interest rates, consumer confidence, and other macroeconomic factors. Consumer preferences tend to shift to lower-cost alternatives during recessionary periods and other periods in which disposable income is adversely affected. In such circumstances, consumers may choose to use one of our lower price-point products over a higher Gross Bookings per Trip offering, may choose to forgo our offerings for lower-cost personal vehicle or public transportation alternatives, or may reduce total miles traveled as economic activity decreases. Such a shift in consumer behavior may reduce our network liquidity and may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Likewise, small businesses that do not have substantial resources, including many of the merchants in our network, tend to be more adversely affected by poor economic conditions than large businesses. Further, because spending for food purchases from merchants is generally considered discretionary, any decline in consumer spending may have a disproportionate effect on our Delivery offering. If spending at many of the merchants in our network declines, or if a significant number of these merchants go out of business, consumers may be less likely to use our products and offerings, which could harm our business and operating results. Alternatively, if economic conditions improve, it could lead to Drivers obtaining additional or alternative opportunities for work, which could negatively impact the number of Drivers on our platform, and thereby reduce our network liquidity.\nIncreases in fuel, food, labor, energy, and other costs due to inflation and other factors could adversely affect our operating results.\nFactors such as inflation, increased fuel prices, and increased vehicle purchase, rental, or maintenance costs, including increased prices of new and used vehicle parts as a result of recent global supply chain challenges, may increase the costs incurred by Drivers and carriers when providing services on our platform. Similarly, factors such as inflation, increased food costs, increased labor and employee benefit costs, increased rental costs, and increased energy costs may increase merchant operating costs, particularly in certain international markets, such as Egypt. Many of the factors affecting Driver, merchant, and carrier costs are beyond the control of these parties. In many cases, these increased costs may cause Drivers and carriers to spend less time providing services on our platform or to seek alternative sources of income. Likewise, these increased costs may cause merchants to pass costs on to consumers by increasing prices, which would likely cause order volume to decline, may cause merchants to cease operations altogether, or may cause carriers to pass costs on to shippers, which may cause shipments on our platform to decline. A decreased supply of Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, or carriers on our platform would decrease our network liquidity, which could harm our business and operating results.\nIf we experience security or privacy breaches or other unauthorized or improper access to, use of, disclosure of, alteration of or destruction of our proprietary or confidential data, employee data, or platform user data, we may face loss of revenue, harm to our brand, business disruption, and significant liabilities.\nWe collect, use, and process a variety of personal data, such as email addresses, mobile phone numbers, profile photos, location information, drivers\u2019 license numbers and Social Security numbers of Drivers, consumer payment card information, and Driver and merchant bank account information. As such, we are an attractive target of data security attacks by third parties. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches or improper access to, or use, acquisition, disclosure, alteration or destruction of, any such data could result in significant liability and a material loss of revenue resulting from the adverse impact on our reputation and brand, a diminished ability to retain or attract new platform users, and disruption to our business. We rely on third-party service providers to host or otherwise process some of our data and that of platform users, and any failure by such third party to prevent or mitigate security breaches or improper access to, or use, acquisition, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of, such information could have similar adverse consequences for us.\nBecause the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems change frequently and are often unrecognizable until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques and implement adequate preventative measures. Our servers and platform may be vulnerable to computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins that our security measures may not detect. Individuals able to circumvent our security measures may misappropriate confidential, proprietary, or personal information held by or on behalf of us, disrupt our operations, damage our computers, or otherwise damage our business. In addition, we may need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches or mitigate the impact of any such breaches, including potential liability that may not be limited to the amounts covered by our insurance.\nSecurity breaches could also expose us to liability under various laws and regulations across jurisdictions and increase the risk of litigation and governmental investigation. We have been subject to security and privacy incidents in the past and may be again in the future. For example, in May 2014, we experienced a data security incident in which an outside actor gained access to certain personal information belonging to Drivers through an access key written into code that an employee had unintentionally posted publicly on a \n26\ncode-sharing website used by software developers (the \u201c2014 Breach\u201d). In October and November of 2016, outside actors downloaded the personal data of approximately 57\u00a0million Drivers and consumers worldwide (the \u201c2016 Breach\u201d). The accessed data included the names, email addresses, mobile phone numbers, and drivers\u2019 license numbers of approximately 600,000 Drivers, among other information. For further information on this incident, see the risk factors titled \u201c\u2014We currently are subject to a number of inquiries, investigations, and requests for information from the DOJ, state Attorney General (\u201cAG\u201d) offices, and other U.S. and foreign government agencies, the adverse outcomes of which could harm our business\u201d and \u201c\u2014We face risks related to our collection, use, transfer, disclosure, and other processing of data, which could result in investigations, inquiries, litigation, fines, legislative, and regulatory action, and negative press about our privacy and data protection practices,\u201d below. As we expand our operations, we may also assume liabilities for breaches experienced by the companies we acquire. For example, in April 2018, Careem publicly disclosed and notified relevant regulatory authorities that it had been subject to a data security breach that allowed access to certain personal information of riders and drivers on its platform, as of January 14, 2018. If Careem becomes subject to liability as a result of this or other data security breaches, or if we fail to remediate this or any other data security breach that Careem or we experience, we may face harm to our brand, business disruption, and significant liabilities.\nIf we are unable to successfully introduce new or upgraded products, offerings, or features for Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers, we may fail to retain and attract such users to our platform and our operating results would be adversely affected.\nTo continue to retain and attract Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers to our platform, we will need to continue to invest in the development of new products, offerings, and features that add value for Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers and that differentiate us from our competitors. For example, in January 2020, we introduced a number of product changes in California intended to, among other things, provide Drivers with more information about rider destinations, trip distance, and expected fares, display prices more clearly, and allow users to select preferred Drivers, all of which are intended to further strengthen the independence of Drivers in California and protect their ability to work flexibly when using the Uber platform.\nDeveloping and delivering these new or upgraded products, offerings, and features is costly, and the success of such new products, offerings, and features depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction, and market acceptance of such products, offerings, and features. Moreover, any such new or upgraded products, offerings, or features may not work as intended or may not provide intended value to platform users. For example, some product changes in California have resulted in, and may continue to result in, reduced demand for rides and reduced supply of Drivers on our platform, Driver dissatisfaction, and adverse impacts on the operation of our platform. If we are unable to continue to develop new or upgraded products, offerings, and features, or if platform users do not perceive value in such new or upgraded products, offerings, and features, platform users may choose not to use our platform, which would adversely affect our operating results.\nWe track certain operational metrics and our category position with internal systems and tools, and our equity stakes in minority-owned affiliates with information provided by such minority-owned affiliates, and do not independently verify such metrics. Certain of our operational metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business.\nWe track certain operational metrics, including key metrics such as MAPCs, Trips, Gross Bookings, and our category position, with internal systems and tools, and our equity stakes in minority-owned affiliates with information provided by such minority-owned affiliates, that are not independently verified by any third party and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose, or our estimates of our category position. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our products are used across large populations globally. For example, we believe that there are consumers who have multiple accounts, even though we prohibit that in our Terms of Service and implement measures to detect and prevent that behavior. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics or our estimates of our category position or our equity stakes in our minority-owned affiliates are not accurate representations of our business, or if investors do not perceive our operating metrics or estimates of our category position or equity stakes in our minority-owned affiliates to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our reputation may be significantly harmed, and our operating and financial results could be adversely affected.\nIn certain jurisdictions, we allow consumers to pay for rides and meal or grocery deliveries using cash, which raises numerous regulatory, operational, and safety concerns. If we do not successfully manage those concerns, we could become subject to adverse regulatory actions and suffer reputational harm or other adverse financial and accounting consequences.\nIn certain jurisdictions, including India, Brazil, and Mexico, as well as certain other countries in Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, we allow consumers to use cash to pay Drivers the entire fare of rides and cost of meal deliveries (including our service fee from such rides and meal or grocery deliveries). In 2021, cash-paid trips accounted for approximately 7% of our global \n27\nGross Bookings. This percentage may increase in the future, particularly in the markets in which Careem operates. The use of cash in connection with our technology raises numerous regulatory, operational, and safety concerns. For example, many jurisdictions have specific regulations regarding the use of cash for ridesharing and certain jurisdictions prohibit the use of cash for ridesharing. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in the imposition of significant fines and penalties and could result in a regulator requiring that we suspend operations in those jurisdictions. In addition to these regulatory concerns, the use of cash with our Mobility products and Delivery offering can increase safety and security risks for Drivers and riders, including potential robbery, assault, violent or fatal attacks, and other criminal acts. In certain jurisdictions such as Brazil, serious safety incidents resulting in robberies and violent, fatal attacks on Drivers while using our platform have been reported. If we are not able to adequately address any of these concerns, we could suffer significant reputational harm, which could adversely impact our business.\nIn addition, establishing the proper infrastructure to ensure that we receive the correct service fee on cash trips is complex, and has in the past meant and may continue to mean that we cannot collect the entire service fee for certain of our cash-based trips. We have created systems for Drivers to collect and deposit the cash received for cash-based trips and deliveries, as well as systems for us to collect, deposit, and properly account for the cash received, some of which are not always effective, convenient, or widely-adopted by Drivers. Creating, maintaining, and improving these systems requires significant effort and resources, and we cannot guarantee these systems will be effective in collecting amounts due to us. Further, operating a business that uses cash raises compliance risks with respect to a variety of rules and regulations, including anti-money laundering laws. If Drivers fail to pay us under the terms of our agreements or if our collection systems fail, we may be adversely affected by both the inability to collect amounts due and the cost of enforcing the terms of our contracts, including litigation. Such collection failure and enforcement costs, along with any costs associated with a failure to comply with applicable rules and regulations, could, in the aggregate, impact our financial performance.\nLoss or material modification of our credit card acceptance privileges could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results.\nIn 2021, 74% of our Gross Bookings were paid by either credit card or debit card. As such, the loss of our credit card acceptance privileges would significantly limit our business model. We are required by our payment processors to comply with payment card network operating rules, including the Payment Card Industry (\u201cPCI\u201d) and Data Security Standard (the \u201cStandard\u201d). The Standard is a comprehensive set of requirements for enhancing payment account data security developed by the PCI Security Standards Council to help facilitate the broad adoption of consistent data security measures. Our failure to comply with the Standard and other network operating rules could result in fines or restrictions on our ability to accept payment cards. Under certain circumstances specified in the payment card network rules, we may be required to submit to periodic audits, self-assessments, or other assessments of our compliance with the Standard. Such activities may reveal that we have failed to comply with the Standard. If an audit, self- assessment, or other test determines that we need to take steps to remediate any deficiencies, such remediation efforts may distract our management team and require us to undertake costly and time consuming remediation efforts. In addition, even if we comply with the Standard, there is no assurance that we will be protected from a security breach. Moreover, the payment card networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret existing rules that we or our processors might find difficult or even impossible to follow, or costly to implement. In addition to violations of network rules, including the Standard, any failure to maintain good relationships with the payment card networks could impact our ability to receive incentives from them, could increase our costs, or could otherwise harm our business. The loss of our credit card acceptance privileges for any one of these reasons, or the significant modification of the terms under which we obtain credit card acceptance privileges, may have an adverse effect on our business, revenue, and operating results.\nCyberattacks, including computer malware, ransomware, viruses, spamming, and phishing attacks could harm our reputation, business, and operating results.\nWe rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations. Our information technology systems, including mobile and online platforms and mobile payment systems, administrative functions such as human resources, payroll, accounting, and internal and external communications, and the information technology systems of our third-party business partners and service providers, contain proprietary or confidential information related to business and personal data, including sensitive personal data, entrusted to us by platform users, employees, and job candidates. Cyberattacks that leverage computer malware, ransomware, viruses, spamming, and phishing have become more prevalent, have occurred on our systems in the past, and may occur on our systems in the future. Cyberthreats are constantly evolving and employing more sophisticated attack techniques. Our detection capabilities may not be sufficient to prevent or detect a sophisticated cyberattacker, such as a nation state using a zero day exploit or unknown malware. Breaches of our facilities, network, or data security could disrupt the security of our systems and platforms, impair our ability to protect data, compromise confidential or technical business information harming our reputation or competitive position, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, require us to allocate more resources to improve technologies, or otherwise adversely affect our reputation, business and operating results.\nVarious other factors may also cause system failures or security breaches, including power outages, catastrophic events, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, issues with upgrading or creating new systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, errors by our employees or third-party service providers, or breaches in the security of these systems or platforms. For example, fraudsters may attempt to induce employees or platform users to disclose information to gain access to our data or the data of platform users. If our incident response, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues in an effective manner, they could result in adverse impacts to our business operations and our financial results. Because of our prominence, the \n28\nnumber of platform users, and the types and volume of personal data on our systems, we may be a particularly attractive target for such attacks. Although we have developed, and continue to develop, systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and that of platform users, and to prevent data loss, undesirable activities on our platform, and security breaches, we cannot guarantee that such measures will provide absolute security. Our efforts on this front may be unsuccessful as a result of, for example, software bugs or other technical malfunctions; employee, contractor, or vendor error or malfeasance; government surveillance; or other threats that evolve, and we may incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating cyber-attacks. Any actual or perceived failure to maintain the performance, reliability, security, and availability of our products, offerings, and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of platform users and certain regulators would likely harm our reputation and result in loss of revenue from the adverse impact to our reputation and brand, disruption to our business, and our decreased ability to attract and retain Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers.\nOur platform is highly technical, and any undetected errors could adversely affect our business.\nOur platform is a complex system composed of many interoperating components and incorporates software that is highly complex. Our business is dependent upon our ability to prevent system interruption on our platform. Our software, including open source software that is incorporated into our code, may now or in the future contain undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Some errors in our software code may only be discovered after the code has been released. Bugs in our software, third-party software including open source software that is incorporated into our code, misconfigurations of our systems, and unintended interactions between systems could result in our failure to comply with certain federal, state, or foreign reporting obligations, or could cause downtime that would impact the availability of our service to platform users. We have from time to time found defects or errors in our system and may discover additional defects in the future that could result in platform unavailability or system disruption. In addition, we have experienced outages on our platform due to circumstances within our control, such as outages due to software limitations. We rely on co-located data centers for the operation of our platform. If our co-located data centers fail, our platform users may experience down time. If sustained or repeated, any of these outages could reduce the attractiveness of our platform to platform users. In addition, our release of new software in the past has inadvertently caused, and may in the future cause, interruptions in the availability or functionality of our platform. Any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in our code or systems after release could result in an interruption in the availability of our platform or a negative experience for Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers, and could also result in negative publicity and unfavorable media coverage, damage to our reputation, loss of platform users, loss of revenue or liability for damages, regulatory inquiries, or other proceedings, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. In addition, our growing use of artificial intelligence (\u201cAI\u201d) (including machine learning) in our offerings presents additional risks. AI algorithms or automated processing of data may be flawed and datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by us or others could impair the acceptance of AI solutions or subject us to lawsuits and regulatory investigations. These deficiencies could undermine the decisions, predictions or analysis AI applications produce, or lead to unintentional bias and discrimination, subjecting us to competitive harm, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm.\nWe are subject to climate change risks, including physical and transitional risks, and if we are unable to manage such risks, our business may be adversely impacted.\nWe face climate change related physical and transition risks, which include the risk of market shifts toward electric vehicles (\u201cEVs\u201d) and lower carbon business models and risks related to extreme weather events or natural disasters. Climate-related events, including the increasing frequency, severity and duration of extreme weather events and their impact on critical infrastructure in the United States and elsewhere, have the potential to disrupt our business, our third-party suppliers, and the business of merchants, shippers, carriers and Drivers using our platform, and may cause us to experience higher losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. Additionally, we are subject to emerging climate policies such as a regulation adopted in California in May 2021 requiring 90% of vehicle miles traveled by rideshare fleets in California to have been in zero emission vehicles by 2030, with interim targets beginning in 2023. In addition, Drivers may be subject to climate-related policies that indirectly impact our business, such as the Congestion Charge Zone and Ultra Low Emission Zone schemes adopted in London that impose fees on drivers in fossil-fueled vehicles, which may impact our ability to attract and maintain Drivers on our platform, and to the extent we experience Driver supply constraints in a given market, we may need to increase Driver incentives. \nWe have made climate related commitments that require us to invest significant effort, resources, and management time and circumstances may arise, including those beyond our control, that may require us to revise the contemplated timeframes for implementing these commitments.\nWe have made climate related commitments, including our commitment to 100% renewable electricity for our U.S. offices by 2025, our commitment to net zero climate emissions from corporate operations by 2030, and our commitment to be a net zero company by 2040. In addition, our Supplier Code of Conduct sets environmental standards for our supply chain, and we recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Progressing towards our climate commitments requires us to invest significant effort, resources, and management time, and circumstances may arise, including those beyond our control, that may require us to revise our timelines and/or climate commitments. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted our ability to dedicate resources to make the progress on our climate commitments that we initially anticipated. In addition, our ability to meet our climate commitments is dependent on external factors such as rapidly changing regulations, policies and related \n29\ninterpretation, advances in technology such as battery storage, as well the availability, cost and accessibility of EVs to Drivers, and the availability of EV charging infrastructure that can be efficiently accessed by Drivers. Any failure to meet regulatory requirements related to climate change, or to meet our stated climate change commitments on the timeframe we committed to, or at all, could have an adverse impact on our costs and ability to operate, as well as harm our brand, reputation, and consequently, our business.\nDependencies on Third Parties\nThe successful operation of our business depends upon the performance and reliability of Internet, mobile, and other infrastructures that are not under our control.\nOur business depends on the performance and reliability of Internet, mobile, and other infrastructures that are not under our control. Disruptions in Internet infrastructure or GPS signals or the failure of telecommunications network operators to provide us with the bandwidth we need to provide our products and offerings have interfered, and could continue to interfere with the speed and availability of our platform. If our platform is unavailable when platform users attempt to access it, or if our platform does not load as quickly as platform users expect, platform users may not return to our platform as often in the future, or at all, and may use our competitors\u2019 products or offerings more often. In addition, we have no control over the costs of the services provided by national telecommunications operators. If mobile Internet access fees or other charges to Internet users increase, consumer traffic may decrease, which may in turn cause our revenue to significantly decrease.\nOur business depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of mobile communications systems. The occurrence of an unanticipated problem, such as a power outage, telecommunications delay or failure, security breach, or computer virus could result in delays or interruptions to our products, offerings, and platform, as well as business interruptions for us and platform users. Furthermore, foreign governments may leverage their ability to shut down directed services, and local governments may shut down our platform at the routing level. Any of these events could damage our reputation, significantly disrupt our operations, and subject us to liability, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. We have invested significant resources to develop new products to mitigate the impact of potential interruptions to mobile communications systems, which can be used by consumers in territories where mobile communications systems are less efficient. However, these products may ultimately be unsuccessful.\nWe rely on third parties maintaining open marketplaces to distribute our platform and to provide the software we use in certain of our products and offerings. If such third parties interfere with the distribution of our products or offerings or with our use of such software, our business would be adversely affected.\nOur platform relies on third parties maintaining open marketplaces, including the Apple App Store and Google Play, which make applications available for download. We cannot assure you that the marketplaces through which we distribute our platform will maintain their current structures or that such marketplaces will not charge us fees to list our applications for download. For example, Apple Inc. requires that iOS apps obtain users\u2019 permission to track their activities across third-party apps and websites. If iOS users do not grant us such permission, our ability to target those users for advertisements and to measure the effectiveness of such advertisements may be adversely affected, which could decrease the effectiveness of our advertising, and increase our costs to acquire and engage users on our platform. We rely upon certain third parties to provide software for our products and offerings, including Google Maps for the mapping function that is critical to the functionality of our platform. We do not believe that an alternative mapping solution exists that can provide the global functionality that we require to offer our platform in all of the markets in which we operate. We do not control all mapping functions employed by our platform or Drivers using our platform, and it is possible that such mapping functions may not be reliable. If such third parties cease to provide access to the third-party software that we and Drivers use, do not provide access to such software on terms that we believe to be attractive or reasonable, or do not provide us with the most current version of such software, we may be required to seek comparable software from other sources, which may be more expensive or inferior, or may not be available at all, any of which would adversely affect our business.\nOur business depends upon the interoperability of our platform across devices, operating systems, and third-party applications that we do not control.\nOne of the most important features of our platform is its broad interoperability with a range of devices, operating systems, and third-party applications. Our platform is accessible from the web and from devices running various operating systems such as iOS and Android. We depend on the accessibility of our platform across these third-party operating systems and applications that we do not control. Moreover, third-party services and products are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to modify our platform to assure its compatibility with that of other third parties following development changes. The loss of interoperability, whether due to actions of third parties or otherwise, could adversely affect our business.\nWe rely on third parties for elements of the payment processing infrastructure underlying our platform. If these third-party elements become unavailable or unavailable on favorable terms, our business could be adversely affected.\nThe convenient payment mechanisms provided by our platform are key factors contributing to the development of our business. We rely on third parties for elements of our payment-processing infrastructure to remit payments to Drivers, merchants, and carriers using our platform, and these third parties may refuse to renew our agreements with them on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us on acceptable terms or at all, our business may be \n30\ndisrupted. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we generally pay interchange fees and other processing and gateway fees, and such fees result in significant costs. In addition, online payment providers are under continued pressure to pay increased fees to banks to process funds, and there is no assurance that such online payment providers will not pass any increased costs on to merchant partners, including us. If these fees increase over time, our operating costs will increase, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.\nIn addition, system failures have at times prevented us from making payments to Drivers in accordance with our typical timelines and processes, and have caused substantial Driver dissatisfaction and generated a significant number of Driver complaints. Future failures of the payment processing infrastructure underlying our platform could cause Drivers to lose trust in our payment operations and could cause them to instead use our competitors\u2019 platforms. If the quality or convenience of our payment processing infrastructure declines as a result of these limitations or for any other reason, the attractiveness of our business to Drivers, merchants, and carriers could be adversely affected. If we are forced to migrate to other third-party payment service providers for any reason, the transition would require significant time and management resources, and may not be as effective, efficient, or well-received by platform users.\nWe currently rely on a small number of third-party service providers to host a significant portion of our platform, and any interruptions or delays in services from these third parties could impair the delivery of our products and offerings and harm our business.\nWe use a combination of third-party cloud computing services and co-located data centers in the United States and abroad. We do not control the physical operation of any of the co-located data centers we use or the operations of our third-party service providers. These third-party operations and co-located data centers may experience break-ins, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, sabotage, acts of vandalism, and other misconduct. These facilities may also be vulnerable to damage or interruption from power loss, telecommunications failures, fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, and similar events. Our systems do not provide complete redundancy of data storage or processing, and as a result, the occurrence of any such event, a decision by our third-party service providers to close our co-located data centers without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems may result in our inability to serve data reliably or require us to migrate our data to either a new on-premise data center or cloud computing service. This could be time consuming and costly and may result in the loss of data, any of which could significantly interrupt the provision of our products and offerings and harm our reputation and brand. We may not be able to easily switch to another cloud or data center provider in the event of any disruptions or interference to the services we use, and even if we do, other cloud and data center providers are subject to the same risks. Additionally, our co-located data center facility agreements are of limited durations, and our co-located data center facilities have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to renew our agreements with these facilities on commercially reasonable terms, we may experience delays in the provision of our products and offerings until an agreement with another co-located data center is arranged. Interruptions in the delivery of our products and offerings may reduce our revenue, cause Drivers, merchants, and carriers to stop offering their services through our platform, and reduce use of our platform by consumers and shippers. Our business and operating results may be harmed if current and potential Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers believe our platform is unreliable. In addition, if we are unable to scale our data storage and computational capacity sufficiently or on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to innovate and introduce new products on our platform may be delayed or compromised, which would have an adverse effect on our growth and business.\nOur use of third-party open source software could adversely affect our ability to offer our products and offerings and subjects us to possible litigation.\nWe use third-party open source software in connection with the development of our platform. From time to time, companies that use third-party open source software have faced claims challenging the use of such open source software and their compliance with the terms of the applicable open source license. We may be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software, or claiming non-compliance with the applicable open source licensing terms. Some open source licenses require end-users who distribute or make available across a network software and services that include open source software to make available all or part of such software, which in some circumstances could include valuable proprietary code. While we employ practices designed to monitor our compliance with the licenses of third-party open source software and protect our valuable proprietary source code, we have not run a complete open source license review and may inadvertently use third-party open source software in a manner that exposes us to claims of non-compliance with the applicable terms of such license, including claims for infringement of intellectual property rights or for breach of contract. Furthermore, there is an increasing number of open-source software license types, almost none of which have been tested in a court of law, resulting in a dearth of guidance regarding the proper legal interpretation of such licenses. If we were to receive a claim of non-compliance with the terms of any of our open source licenses, we may be required to publicly release certain portions of our proprietary source code or expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software.\nIn addition, the use of third-party open source software typically exposes us to greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software because open-source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the functionality or origin of the software. Use of open source software may also present additional security risks because the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to compromise our platform. Additionally, because any software source code that we make available under an open source license or that we contribute to existing open source projects becomes publicly available, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights in such software source code may be limited or lost entirely, and we \n31\nwould be unable to prevent our competitors or others from using such contributed software source code. Any of the foregoing could be harmful to our business, financial condition, or operating results and could help our competitors develop products and offerings that are similar to or better than ours.\nFinancing and Transactional Risks\nWe will require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on reasonable terms or at all.\nTo continue to effectively compete, we will require additional funds to support the growth of our business and allow us to invest in new products, offerings, and markets. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders may suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue may have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of existing stockholders. Certain of our existing debt instruments contain, and any debt financing we secure in the future could contain, restrictive covenants relating to our ability to incur additional indebtedness and other financial and operational matters that make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital with which to pursue business opportunities. For example, our existing debt instruments contain significant restrictions on our ability to incur additional secured indebtedness. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when required, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges and competition may be significantly limited.\nWe have incurred a significant amount of debt and may in the future incur additional indebtedness. Our payment obligations under such indebtedness may limit the funds available to us, and the terms of our debt agreements may restrict our flexibility in operating our business.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we had total outstanding indebtedness of $9.4\u00a0billion aggregate principal amount. In addition, up to approximately $238 million of Careem Convertible Notes remain subject to future issuance to Careem stockholders as of December\u00a031, 2021. Subject to the limitations in the terms of our existing and future indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may incur additional debt, secure existing or future debt, or refinance our debt. In particular, we may need to incur additional debt to finance the purchase of autonomous vehicles, and such financing may not be available to us on attractive terms or at all.\nWe may be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness. Such payments will reduce the funds available to us for working capital, capital expenditures, and other corporate purposes and limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, expansion plans, and other investments, which may in turn limit our ability to implement our business strategy, heighten our vulnerability to downturns in our business, the industry, or in the general economy, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry, and prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities as they arise. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future financing will be available to us in amounts sufficient to enable us to make required and timely payments on our indebtedness, or to fund our operations. To date, we have used a substantial amount of cash for operating activities, and we cannot assure you when we will begin to generate cash from operating activities in amounts sufficient to cover our debt service obligations.\nIn addition, under certain of our existing debt instruments, we and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to limitations regarding our business and operations, including limitations on incurring additional indebtedness and liens, limitations on certain consolidations, mergers, and sales of assets, and restrictions on the payment of dividends or distributions. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve additional restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions or divestitures. Any default under our debt arrangements could require that we repay our loans immediately, and may limit our ability to obtain additional financing, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our cash flows and liquidity.\nIn addition, we are exposed to interest rate risk related to some of our indebtedness, which is discussed in greater detail under the section titled \u201cManagement's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk - Interest Rate Risk.\u201d\nWe may have exposure to materially greater than anticipated tax liabilities.\nThe tax laws applicable to our global business activities are subject to uncertainty and can be interpreted differently by different companies. For example, we may become subject to sales tax rates in certain jurisdictions that are significantly greater than the rates we currently pay in those jurisdictions. Like many other multinational corporations, we are subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign jurisdictions and have structured our operations to reduce our effective tax rate. Currently, certain jurisdictions are investigating our compliance with tax rules. If it is determined that we are not compliant with such rules, we could owe additional taxes.\nCertain jurisdictions, including Australia, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the UK and other countries, require that we pay any assessed taxes prior to being allowed to contest or litigate the applicability of tax assessments in those jurisdictions. These amounts could materially adversely impact our liquidity while those matters are being litigated. This prepayment of contested taxes is referred to as \u201cpay-to-play.\u201d Payment of these amounts is not an admission that we believe we are subject to such taxes; even when such payments \n32\nare made, we continue to defend our positions vigorously. If we prevail in the proceedings for which a pay-to-play payment was made, the jurisdiction collecting the payment will be required to repay such amounts and also may be required to pay interest.\nAdditionally, the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate have in the past, and may in the future, examine or challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology, which could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and operating results. Furthermore, our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance on our U.S. and Netherlands' deferred tax assets, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles. We are subject to regular review and audit by both U.S. federal and state tax authorities, as well as foreign tax authorities, and currently face numerous audits in the United States and abroad. Any adverse outcome of such reviews and audits could have an adverse effect on our financial position and operating results. In addition, the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment by our management, and we have engaged in many transactions for which the ultimate tax determination remains uncertain. The ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. Our tax positions or tax returns are subject to change, and therefore we cannot accurately predict whether we may incur material additional tax liabilities in the future, which could impact our financial position. In addition, in connection with any planned or future acquisitions, we may acquire businesses that have differing licenses and other arrangements that may be challenged by tax authorities for not being at arm\u2019s-length or that are otherwise potentially less tax efficient than our licenses and arrangements. Any subsequent integration or continued operation of such acquired businesses may result in an increased effective tax rate in certain jurisdictions or potential indirect tax costs, which could result in us incurring additional tax liabilities or having to establish a reserve in our consolidated financial statements, and could adversely affect our financial results.\nChanges in global and U.S. tax legislation may adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.\nWe are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. U.S. tax legislation enacted in 2017, and modified in 2020, has significantly changed the U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. corporations. The legislation and regulations promulgated in connection therewith remain unclear in many respects and could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, as well as interpretations and incremental implementing regulations by the U.S. Treasury and U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the \u201cIRS\u201d), any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. In addition, it remains unclear in some instances how these U.S. federal income tax changes will affect state and local taxation, which often uses federal taxable income as a starting point for computing state and local tax liabilities.\nWe are unable to predict what global or U.S. tax reforms may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effects such future changes would have on our business. Any such changes in tax legislation, regulations, policies or practices in the jurisdictions in which we operate could increase the estimated tax liability that we have expensed to date and paid or accrued on our balance sheet; affect our financial position, future operating results, cash flows, and effective tax rates where we have operations; reduce post-tax returns to our stockholders; and increase the complexity, burden, and cost of tax compliance. We are subject to potential changes in relevant tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations, and interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. We could become subject to digital services taxes in one or more jurisdictions where we operate. The governments of countries in which we operate and other governmental bodies could make unprecedented assertions about how taxation is determined in their jurisdictions that are contrary to the way in which we have interpreted and historically applied the rules and regulations described above in our income tax returns filed in such jurisdictions. New laws could significantly increase our tax obligations in the countries in which we do business or require us to change the manner in which we operate our business. As a result of the large and expanding scale of our international business activities, many of these changes to the taxation of our activities could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position, operating results, and cash flows.\nOur ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we had net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes and state income tax purposes of $14.9 billion and $12.4 billion, respectively, available to offset future taxable income. If not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforward amounts generated prior to January 1, 2018 will begin to expire in 2031, and the state net operating loss carryforward amounts of $10.2 billion will begin to expire in 2022. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we also had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $10.6 billion, of which $507 million will begin to expire in 2023. Realization of these net operating loss carryforwards depends on our future taxable income, and there is a risk that our existing carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the IRC, if a corporation undergoes an \u201cownership change,\u201d generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation\u2019s ability to use its pre-change U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change U.S. federal tax attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income may be limited. Many U.S. states follow similar rules for restricting use of tax attributes after an ownership change. We may experience ownership changes in the future because of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-ownership change net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset U.S. federal and state taxable income may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us.\n33\nWe are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates.\nBecause we conduct a significant and may conduct a growing portion of our business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar but report our consolidated financial results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. As exchange rates vary, revenue, cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, operating expenses, other income and expense, and assets and liabilities, when translated, may also vary materially and thus affect our overall financial results. We have not to date, but may in the future, enter into hedging arrangements to manage foreign currency translation, but such activity may not completely eliminate fluctuations in our operating results due to currency exchange rate changes. Hedging arrangements are inherently risky, and we have limited experience establishing hedging programs, which could expose us to additional risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.\nIf we are unable to successfully identify, acquire and integrate suitable businesses, our operating results and prospects could be harmed, and any businesses we acquire may not perform as expected or be effectively integrated.\nAs part of our business strategy, we have entered into, and expect to continue to enter into, agreements to acquire companies, form joint ventures, divest portions or aspects of our business, sell minority stakes in portions or aspects of our business, and acquire complementary companies or technologies, including our Yandex.Taxi joint venture in Russia/CIS, our joint venture with an affiliate of SK Telecom Co., Ltd., and our acquisitions of Careem, Cornershop, Postmates, Drizly and Transplace. Competition within our industry for acquisitions of businesses, technologies, and assets is intense. As such, even if we are able to identify a target for acquisition, we may not be able to complete the acquisition on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to receive approval from the applicable competition authorities, or such target may be acquired by another company, including one of our competitors. \nFurther, negotiations for potential acquisitions or other transactions may result in the diversion of our management\u2019s time and significant out-of-pocket costs. We may expend significant cash or incur substantial debt to finance such acquisitions, and such indebtedness may restrict our business or require the use of available cash to make interest and principal payments. In addition, we may finance or otherwise complete acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, which may result in dilution to our stockholders, or if such convertible debt securities are not converted, significant cash outlays. If we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions or other strategic transactions successfully or fail to successfully address any of these risks, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be harmed.\nIn addition, any businesses we acquire may not perform as well as we expect. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies, including managing internal controls and any privacy or data security risks associated with such acquisitions, may harm our operating results and expansion prospects. For example, Careem has historically shared certain user data with certain government authorities, which conflicts with our global policies regarding data use, sharing, and ownership. We have maintained our data use, sharing, and ownership practices for both our business and Careem\u2019s business, and doing so may cause our relationships with government authorities in certain jurisdictions to suffer, and may result in such government authorities assessing significant fines or penalties against us or shutting down our or Careem\u2019s app on either a temporary or indefinite basis. The process of integrating an acquired company, business, or technology or acquired personnel into our company is subject to various risks and challenges, including:\n\u2022\ndiverting management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration;\n\u2022\ndisrupting our ongoing business operations;\n\u2022\nplatform user acceptance of the acquired company\u2019s offerings;\n\u2022\nimplementing or remediating the controls, procedures, and policies of the acquired company;\n\u2022\nintegrating the acquired business onto our systems and ensuring the acquired business meets our financial reporting requirements and timelines;\n\u2022\nretaining and integrating acquired employees, including aligning incentives between acquired employees and existing employees, managing cultural differences between acquired businesses and our business, as well as managing costs associated with eliminating redundancies or transferring employees on acceptable terms with minimal business disruption;\n\u2022\nmaintaining important business relationships and contracts of the acquired business;\n\u2022\nintegrating the brand identity of an acquired company with our own;\n\u2022\nintegrating companies that have significant operations or that develop products where we do not have prior experience;\n\u2022\nliability for pre-acquisition activities of the acquired company;\n\u2022\nlitigation or other claims or liabilities arising in connection with the acquisition or the acquired company; and\n\u2022\nimpairment charges associated with goodwill, long-lived assets, investments, and other acquired intangible assets.\nWe have in the past and may in the future implement integration structures that do not fully integrate an acquired company\u2019s operating functions. For example, with respect to the integration of Careem and Drizly, each company\u2019s brand, product app(s) and \n34\npayments apps continue to operate in parallel with Uber\u2019s apps and each company\u2019s engineering, human resources, and operations teams will continue to operate independently and report to such company\u2019s own Chief Executive Officer. Such structures may delay the efficiencies that we expect to gain from the acquisition and our brand and reputation could be impacted by any damage or reputational harm to the acquired company\u2019s brand.\nIn addition, our acquisition of Careem has increased our risks under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (\u201cFCPA\u201d) and other similar laws outside the United States. Our existing and planned safeguards, including training and compliance programs to discourage corrupt practices by such parties, may not prove effective, and such parties may engage in conduct for which we could be held responsible.\nWe may not receive a favorable return on investment for prior or future business combinations, and we cannot predict whether these transactions will be accretive to the value of our common stock. It is also possible that acquisitions, combinations, divestitures, joint ventures, or other strategic transactions we announce could be viewed negatively by the press, investors, platform users, or regulators, any or all of which may adversely affect our reputation and our business. Any of these factors may adversely affect our ability to consummate a transaction, our financial condition, and our operating results.\nLegal and Regulatory Risks Related to Our Business\nWe may continue to be blocked from or limited in providing or operating our products and offerings in certain jurisdictions, and may be required to modify our business model in those jurisdictions as a result.\nIn certain jurisdictions, including expansion markets such as Argentina, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, and Spain, our ridesharing business model has been blocked, capped, or suspended, or we have been required to change our business model, due primarily to laws and significant regulatory restrictions in such jurisdictions. In some cases, we have applied for and obtained licenses or permits to operate and must continue to comply with the license or permit requirements or risk revocation. In addition, we may not be able to maintain or renew any such license or permit. For example, TfL scrutinizes our business in London on an on-going basis and we are subject to license reviews at renewal. In November 2019, TfL declined to issue us a license, finding that we were not \u201cfit and proper,\u201d including with respect to confidence in our change and release management processes. We successfully appealed and in September 2020, Westminster Magistrates Court granted us an 18 month operating license on largely the same conditions as our previous license, finding us a fit and proper person. Two new conditions (which we volunteered) include providing to TfL consolidated monthly reporting in relation to regulatory obligations and maintaining our current processes. Any inability to operate in markets such as London, as well as publicity concerning adverse judicial or licensing decisions, would adversely affect our business, revenue, and operating results. We cannot predict whether future regulatory decisions or legislation in other jurisdictions may embolden or encourage other authorities to take similar actions even where we are operating according to the terms of an existing license or permit. Additionally, since April 2019, Mexico City\u2019s Secretar\u00eda de Movilidad passed several amendments to existing ridesharing regulations implementing certain operational requirements, including a prohibition on the use of cash to pay for ridesharing services and, effective as of November 2019, a comprehensive TNC data sharing requirement and a requirement that Drivers in Mexico City obtain additional licenses and annual vehicle inspections to provide ridesharing services. Except for the vehicle inspection, we have an injunction against such operational requirements which, if implemented without modification, could have a negative impact on our business and our failure to comply with such regulations may result in a potential revocation of our license to operate in Mexico City.\nTraditional taxicab and car service operators in various jurisdictions continue to lobby legislators and regulators to block our Mobility products or to require us to comply with regulatory, insurance, record-keeping, licensing, and other requirements to which taxicab and car services are subject. For example, in January 2019, we suspended our Mobility products in Barcelona after the regional government enacted regulations mandating minimum wait times before riders could be picked up by ridesharing drivers; in March 2021, we returned to Barcelona via taxis only. In December 2018, New York City\u2019s Taxi and Limousine Commission implemented a per-mile and per-minute minimum trip payment formula, designed to establish a minimum pay standard, for drivers providing for-hire services in New York City, such as those provided by Drivers on our platform. These minimum rates took effect in February 2019. Since implementation, these regulations have had an adverse impact on our financial performance in New York City and may continue to do so in the future. In August 2018, the New York City Council voted to approve various measures to further regulate our business, including driver earning rules, licensing requirements, and a one-year freeze on new for-hire vehicle licenses for ridesharing services like those enabled via our platform, while the city studies whether a permanent freeze would help reduce congestion. In August 2019, New York City\u2019s Taxi and Limousine Commission voted to extend such freeze on for-hire vehicle licenses and also voted to enact a new \u201ccruising cap,\u201d intended to reduce the number of for-hire vehicles operating without passengers on platforms like ours in the central business district of New York City. Although such \u201ccruising cap\u201d was struck down by a New York state judge in December 2019, the freeze on for-hire vehicle licenses remains. Additionally, in November 2019, a ballot measure to impose a surcharge on ridesharing trips in San Francisco was passed by voters in San Francisco and such surcharge took effect on January 1, 2020. Also in January 2020, a new tax went into effect in Chicago that imposes a surcharge of up to $3 per ridesharing trip taken in Chicago. In addition, in October 2020, the Seattle City Council passed a minimum pay standard for drivers providing services on our platform that went into effect on January 1, 2021, and other jurisdictions have in the past considered or may consider regulations which would implement minimum wage requirements or permit drivers to negotiate for minimum wages while providing services on our platform. Similar legislative or regulatory initiatives are being considered or have been enacted in countries outside the United States. If other \n35\njurisdictions impose similar regulations, our business growth could be adversely affected.\nIn certain jurisdictions, we are subject to national, state, local, or municipal laws and regulations that are ambiguous in their application or enforcement or that we believe are invalid or inapplicable. In such jurisdictions, we may be subject to regulatory fines and proceedings and, in certain cases, may be required to cease operations altogether if we continue to operate our business as currently conducted, unless and until such laws and regulations are reformed to clarify that our business operations are fully compliant. For example, in September 2020, the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal issued a ruling against a group of drivers who used the Uber app, concluding that by driving for hire without a Hire Car Permit, they violated the local Road Traffic Ordinance. We are considering further legal challenges and possible policy solutions. However, these developments may adversely affect our ability to offer ridesharing services and negatively impact our financial performance in Hong Kong. As another example, in January 2020, we ceased offering our Mobility products in Colombia after a Colombian court ruled that we violated local competition laws. In response, we appealed the decision, made certain changes to our Mobility products in Colombia and re-launched Mobility in Colombia in February 2020, and in June 2020, the Appeals Court of Bogota revoked its order to block Mobility products in Colombia. Furthermore, in certain of these jurisdictions, we continue to provide our products and offerings while we assess the applicability of these laws and regulations to our products and offerings or while we seek regulatory or policy changes to address concerns with respect to our ability to comply with these laws and regulations. Our decision to continue operating in these instances has come under investigation or has otherwise been subject to scrutiny by government authorities. Our continuation of this practice and other past practices may result in fines or other penalties against us and Drivers imposed by local regulators, potentially increasing the risk that our licenses or permits that are necessary to operate in such jurisdictions will not be renewed. Such fines and penalties have in the past been, and may in the future continue to be, imposed solely on Drivers, which may cause Drivers to stop providing services on our platform. In many instances, we make the business decision as a gesture of goodwill to pay the fines on behalf of Drivers or to pay Drivers\u2019 defense costs, which, in the aggregate, can be in the millions of dollars. Furthermore, such business practices may also result in negative press coverage, which may discourage Drivers and consumers from using our platform and could adversely affect our revenue. In addition, we face regulatory obstacles, including those lobbied for by our competitors or from local governments globally, that have favored and may continue to favor local or incumbent competitors, including obstacles for potential Drivers seeking to obtain required licenses or vehicle certifications. In addition, an increasing number of municipalities have proposed delivery network fee caps with respect to our Delivery offering and caps on surge pricing with respect to our Mobility offering. We have incurred, and expect that we will continue to incur, significant costs in defending our right to operate in accordance with our business model in many jurisdictions. To the extent that efforts to block or limit our operations are successful, or we or Drivers are required to comply with regulatory and other requirements applicable to taxicab and car services, our revenue and growth would be adversely affected.\nOur business is subject to numerous legal and regulatory risks that could have an adverse impact on our business and future prospects.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, our platform is available in approximately 10,500 cities across approximately 72 countries. We are subject to differing, and sometimes conflicting, laws and regulations in the various jurisdictions in which we provide our offerings. A large number of proposals are before various national, regional, and local legislative bodies and regulatory entities, both within the United States and in foreign jurisdictions, regarding issues related to our business model. Certain proposals, if adopted, could significantly and materially harm our business, financial condition, and operating results by restricting or limiting how we operate our business, increasing our operating costs, and decreasing our number of platform users. We cannot predict whether or when such proposals may be adopted.\nFurther, existing or new laws and regulations could expose us to substantial liability, including significant expenses necessary to comply with such laws and regulations, and could dampen the growth and usage of our platform. For example, as we expand our offerings in new areas, such as non-emergency medical transportation, we may be subject to additional healthcare-related federal and state laws and regulations. Additionally, because our offerings are frequently first-to-market in the jurisdictions in which we operate, several local jurisdictions have passed, and we expect additional jurisdictions to pass, laws and regulations that limit or block our ability to offer our products to Drivers and consumers in those jurisdictions, thereby impeding overall use of our platform. We are actively challenging some of these laws and regulations and are lobbying other jurisdictions to oppose similar restrictions on our business, especially our ridesharing services. Further, because a substantial portion of our business involves vehicles that run on fossil fuels, laws, regulations, or governmental actions seeking to curb air pollution or emissions may impact our business. For example, in response to London\u2019s efforts to cut emissions and improve air quality in the city (including the institution of a toxicity charge for polluting vehicles in the city center congestion zone and the introduction of an \u201cUltra Low Emissions Zone\u201d that went into effect in April 2019), we have added a clean-air fee of 15 pence per mile to each trip on our platform in London, and plan to help Drivers on our platform fully transition to electric vehicles by 2025. Moreover, in May 2021, California adopted a regulation requiring 90% of vehicle miles traveled by rideshare fleets in California to have been in EVs by 2030, with interim targets beginning in 2023. Additionally, proposed ridesharing regulations in Egypt and other jurisdictions may require us to share certain personal data with government authorities to operate our app, which we may not be willing to provide. Our failure to share such data in accordance with these regulations may result in government authorities assessing significant fines or penalties against us or shutting down our or Careem\u2019s app in Egypt on either a temporary or indefinite basis.\nAdditionally, effective January 1, 2021, the United Kingdom exited from the European Union (\u201cEU\u201d), an event commonly \n36\nreferred to as Brexit. The UK represented approximately 8.3% of our global Mobility Gross Bookings in 2021.\nIn addition, we are currently involved in litigation in a number of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We initiated some of these legal challenges to contest the application of certain laws and regulations to our business. Others have been brought by taxicab owners, local regulators, local law enforcement, and platform users, including Drivers and consumers. These include individual, multiple plaintiff, and putative class and class action claims for alleged violation of laws related to, among other things, transportation, competition, advertising, consumer protection, fee calculations, personal injuries, privacy, intellectual property, product liability, discrimination, safety, and employment. For example, in May 2019, a class action was filed against us and certain of our subsidiaries in the Supreme Court of Victoria, Australia on behalf of participants in the taxi, hire-car, limousine, and charter vehicle industry who were licensed to operate in particular regions of Australia during certain periods between April 2014 and August 2017. The class action alleges that we operated unlawfully in such regions during such periods. These legislative and regulatory proceedings, allegations, and lawsuits are expensive and time consuming to defend, and, if resolved adversely to us, could result in financial damages or penalties, including criminal penalties, incarceration, and sanctions for individuals employed by us or parties with whom we contract, which could harm our ability to operate our business as planned in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our business, revenue, and operating results.\nIn addition, while we divested certain assets of our dockless e-bikes and e-scooters business to Lime in May 2020, consumers continue to have access to dockless e-bikes and e-scooters through our app. We expect dockless e-bikes and e-scooters to subject us to additional risks distinct from those relating to our other Mobility, Delivery and Freight offerings. For example, consumers using dockless e-bikes or e-scooters face a more severe level of injury in the event of a collision than that faced while riding in a vehicle, given the less sophisticated, and in some cases absent, passive protection systems on dockless e-bikes and e-scooters. The occurrence of real or perceived quality problems or material defects in current or future dockless e-bikes or e-scooters available via our app could result in negative publicity, market withdrawals, regulatory proceedings, enforcement actions, or lawsuits filed against us, particularly if consumers are injured.\nChanges in, or failure to comply with, competition laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results.\nCompetition authorities closely scrutinize us under U.S. and foreign antitrust and competition laws. An increasing number of governments are enforcing competition laws and are doing so with increased scrutiny, including governments in large markets such as the EU, the United States, Brazil, and India, particularly surrounding issues of predatory pricing, price-fixing, and abuse of market power. Many of these jurisdictions also allow competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct. For example, complaints have been filed in several jurisdictions, including in the United States and India, alleging that our prices are too high (surge pricing) or too low (discounts or predatory pricing), or both. If one jurisdiction imposes or proposes to impose new requirements or restrictions on our business, other jurisdictions may follow. Further, any new requirements or restrictions, or proposed requirements or restrictions, could result in adverse publicity or fines, whether or not valid or subject to appeal.\nIn addition, governmental agencies and regulators may, among other things, prohibit future acquisitions, divestitures, or combinations we plan to make, impose significant fines or penalties, require divestiture of certain of our assets, or impose other restrictions that limit or require us to modify our operations, including limitations on our contractual relationships with platform users or restrictions on our pricing models. Such rulings may alter the way in which we do business and, therefore, may continue to increase our costs or liabilities or reduce demand for our platform, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results.\nWe expect that the U.S. antitrust enforcement agencies (e.g., the DOJ and the FTC) will continue to closely scrutinize merger activity, with a particular focus on the technology sector, and there can be no assurance that proposed, completed or future mergers, acquisitions and divestitures will not be the subject of an investigation or enforcement action by the DOJ or the FTC. Changes in antitrust laws globally, or in their interpretation, administration or enforcement, may limit our future acquisitions, divestitures, operations and growth.\nOur business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight relating to the provision of payment and financial services.\nMost jurisdictions in which we operate have laws that govern payment and financial services activities. Regulators in certain jurisdictions may determine that certain aspects of our business are subject to these laws and could require us to obtain licenses to continue to operate in such jurisdictions. For example, our subsidiary in the Netherlands, Uber Payments B.V., is registered and authorized by its competent authority, De Nederlandsche Bank, as an electronic money institution. This authorization permits Uber Payments B.V. to provide payment services (including acquiring and executing payment transactions and money remittances, as referred to in the Revised Payment Services Directive (2015/2366/EU)) and to issue electronic money in the Netherlands. In addition, Uber Payments B.V. has notified De Nederlandsche Bank that it will provide such services on a cross-border passport basis into other countries within the EEA. We continue to critically evaluate our options for seeking additional licenses and approvals in several other jurisdictions to optimize our payment solutions and support the future growth of our business. We could be denied such licenses, have existing licenses revoked, or be required to make significant changes to our business operations before being granted such licenses. If we are denied payment or other financial licenses or such licenses are revoked, we could be forced to cease or limit business \n37\noperations in certain jurisdictions, including in the EEA, and even if we are able to obtain such licenses, we could be subject to fines or other enforcement action, or stripped of such licenses, if we are found to violate the requirements of such licenses. In some countries, it is not clear whether we are required to be licensed as a payment services provider. Were local regulators to determine that such arrangements require us to be so licensed, such regulators may block payments to Drivers, merchants, shippers or carriers. Such regulatory actions, or the need to obtain regulatory approvals, could impose significant costs and involve substantial delay in payments we make in certain local markets, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results.\nStarting in December 2020, payments made by platform users with payment accounts in the EEA for services provided through our platform may be subject to Strong Customer Authentication (\u201cSCA\u201d) regulatory requirements. In many cases, SCA will require a platform user to engage in additional steps to authenticate each payment transaction. These additional authentication requirements in EEA or similar requirements, such as tokenization, in other countries may make our platform user experience substantially less convenient, and such loss of convenience could meaningfully reduce the frequency with which platform users use our platform or could cause some platform users to stop using our platform entirely, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. Further, as a result of implementing SCA, many payment transactions on our platform may fail to be authenticated due to platform users not completing all necessary authentication steps. Thus, in some cases, we may not receive payment from consumers in advance of paying Drivers for services received by those users. A substantial increase in the frequency with which we make Driver payments without having received corresponding payments from consumers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.\nIn addition, laws related to money transmission and online payments are evolving, and changes in such laws could affect our ability to provide payment processing on our platform in the same form and on the same terms as we have historically, or at all. For example, changes to our business in Europe, combined with changes to the EU Payment Services Directive, caused aspects of our payment operations in the EEA to fall within the scope of European payments regulation. As a result, one of our subsidiaries, Uber Payments B.V., is directly subject to financial services regulations (including those relating to anti-money laundering, terrorist financing, and sanctioned or prohibited persons) in the Netherlands and in other countries in the EEA where it conducts business. Effective July 1, 2020, we transitioned all our payment operations to the Uber Payments B.V. regulated entity in the EEA countries in which we are required to do so by the European payments regulations.\nIn addition, as we evolve our business or make changes to our business structure, we may be subject to additional laws or requirements related to money transmission, online payments, and financial regulation. These laws govern, among other things, money transmission, prepaid access instruments, electronic funds transfers, anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, banking, systemic integrity risk assessments, security of payment processes, and import and export restrictions. Our business operations, including our payments to Drivers and merchants, may not always comply with these financial laws and regulations. Historical or future non-compliance with these laws or regulations could result in significant criminal and civil lawsuits, penalties, forfeiture of significant assets, or other enforcement actions. Costs associated with fines and enforcement actions, as well as reputational harm, changes in compliance requirements, or limits on our ability to expand our product offerings, could harm our business.\nFurther, our payment system is susceptible to illegal and improper uses, including money laundering, terrorist financing, fraudulent sales of goods or services, and payments to sanctioned parties. We have invested and will need to continue to invest substantial resources to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and sanctions laws, and in the EEA to conduct appropriate risk assessments and implement appropriate controls as a regulated financial service provider. Government authorities may seek to bring legal action against us if our payment system is used for improper or illegal purposes or if our enterprise risk management or controls in the EEA are not adequately assessed, updated, or implemented, and any such action could result in financial or reputational harm to our business.\nWe currently are subject to a number of inquiries, investigations, and requests for information from the DOJ, state Attorney General (\u201cAG\u201d) offices and other U.S. and foreign government agencies, the adverse outcomes of which could harm our business.\nWe are the subject of DOJ criminal and civil inquiries and investigations, as well as civil enforcement inquiries and investigations by other government agencies, including state AG offices in the United States and abroad. Those inquiries and investigations cover a broad range of matters, including our business practices, such as fees, pricing, and related disclosures, as well as data deletion and document retention policies related to the 2016 Breach, which involved the breach of certain archived consumer data hosted on a cloud-based service that outside actors accessed and downloaded. We have in the past and may in the future, settle claims related to such matters. For example, in September 2018, after investigations and various lawsuits relating to the 2016 Breach, we settled with the Attorneys General of all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia through stipulated judgments and payment in an aggregate amount of $148 million related to our failure to report the incident for approximately one year. In April 2018, we entered into a consent decree that lasts through 2038 covering the 2014 Breach and the 2016 Breach with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the \u201cFTC\u201d), which the FTC Commissioners approved in October 2018. In November and December 2018, U.K., Dutch and French regulators imposed fines totaling approximately $1.6 million related to the 2016 Breach. The 2016 Breach has led to, and may continue to lead to, additional costly and time-consuming regulatory investigations and litigation from other government entities, as well as potentially material fines and penalties imposed by other U.S. and international regulators. As another example, the California Public Utilities Commission (the \u201cCPUC\u201d) issued a proposed $59 million fine against us for not producing certain information, including personal information related to incidents disclosed in our 2019 US Safety Report. We negotiated the total payment to $9.15 \n38\nmillion ($150,000 as a fine and $9 million to fund safety initiatives), which was approved by the CPUC in December 2021. Investigations and enforcement actions from such entities, as well as continued negative publicity and an erosion of current and prospective platform users\u2019 trust, could severely disrupt our business.\nWe are also subject to inquiries and investigations by government agencies related to certain transactions we have entered into in the United States and other countries.\nThese government inquiries and investigations are time-consuming and require a great deal of financial resources and attention from us and our senior management. If any of these matters are resolved adversely to us, we may be subject to additional fines, penalties, and other sanctions, and could be forced to change our business practices substantially in the relevant jurisdictions. Any such determinations could also result in significant adverse publicity or additional reputational harm, and could result in or complicate other inquiries, investigations, or lawsuits from other regulators in future merger control or conduct investigations. Any of these developments could result in material financial damages, operational restrictions, and harm our business.\nWe face risks related to our collection, use, transfer, disclosure, and other processing of data, which could result in investigations, inquiries, litigation, fines, legislative and regulatory action, and negative press about our privacy and data protection practices.\nThe nature of our business exposes us to claims, including civil lawsuits in the United States such as those related to the 2014 Breach and the 2016 Breach. These and any future privacy or security incidents could result in violation of applicable U.S. and international privacy, data protection, and other laws. Such violations subject us to individual or consumer class action litigation as well as governmental investigations and proceedings by federal, state, and local regulatory entities in the United States and internationally, resulting in exposure to material civil or criminal liability. Our data security and privacy practices have been the subject of inquiries from government agencies and regulators, not all of which are finally resolved. In April 2018, we entered into an FTC consent decree pursuant to which we agreed, among other things, to implement a comprehensive privacy program, undergo biennial third-party assessments, and not misrepresent how we protect consumer information through 2038. In October 2018, the FTC approved the final settlement, which exposes us to penalties for, amongst other activities, future failure to report security incidents. In November and December 2018, U.K., Dutch and French supervisory authorities imposed fines totaling approximately $1.6 million. We have also entered into settlement agreements with numerous state enforcement agencies. In January 2016, we entered into a settlement with the Office of the New York State Attorney General under which we agreed to enhance our data security practices. In September 2018, we entered into stipulated judgments with the state attorneys general of all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia relating to the 2016 Breach, which involved payment of $148 million and assurances that we would enhance our data security and privacy practices. Failure to comply with these and other orders could result in substantial fines, enforcement actions, injunctive relief, and other penalties that may be costly or that may impact our business. We may also assume liabilities for breaches experienced by the companies we acquire as we expand our operations. For example, in April 2018, Careem publicly disclosed and notified relevant regulatory authorities that it had been subject to a data security breach that allowed access to certain personal information of riders and drivers on its platform as of January 14, 2018. If Careem becomes subject to liability as a result of this or other data security breaches or if we fail to remediate this or any other data security breach that Careem or we experience, we may face harm to our brand, business disruption, and significant liabilities. Our insurance programs may not cover all potential claims to which we are exposed and may not be adequate to indemnify us for the full extent of our potential liabilities.\nThis risk is enhanced in certain jurisdictions with stringent privacy laws and, as we expand our products, offerings, and operations domestically and internationally, we have, and may continue to become subject to amended or additional laws that impose substantial additional obligations related to data privacy and security. The EU adopted the GDPR in 2016, and it became effective in May 2018. The GDPR applies extraterritorially and imposes stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal data. Such requirements include higher consent standards to process personal data, robust disclosures regarding the use of personal data, strengthened individual data rights, data breach requirements, limitations on data retention, strengthened requirements for special categories of personal data and pseudonymised (i.e., key-coded) data, and additional obligations for contracting with service providers that may process personal data. The GDPR further provides that EU member states may institute additional laws and regulations impacting the processing of personal data, including (i) special categories of personal data (e.g., racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, and religious or philosophical beliefs) and (ii) profiling of individuals and automated individual decision-making. Such additional laws and regulations could limit our ability to use and share personal or other data, thereby increasing our costs and harming our business and financial condition. Non-compliance with the GDPR (including any non-compliance by any acquired business) is subject to significant penalties, including fines of up to the greater of \u20ac20 million or 4% of total worldwide revenue, and injunctions against the processing of personal data. Other jurisdictions outside the EU are similarly introducing or enhancing privacy and data security laws, rules, and regulations, which will increase our compliance costs and the risks associated with non-compliance. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (\u201cCCPA\u201d), which provides new privacy rights for consumers and new operational requirements for businesses, went into effect in January 2020. The CCPA includes a statutory damages framework and private rights of action against businesses that fail to comply with certain CCPA terms or implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. Other U.S. states have adopted, and likely will continue to adopt, similar laws that provide new consumer privacy rights and business operational requirements. Brazil provides another example, having passed the General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Prote\u00e7\u00e3o de Dados Pessoais, or LGPD) in 2018, which is now in effect. These laws may be subject to amendments and regulations that may change over time, or result in additional follow-on laws such as the California Privacy Rights Act (\u201cCPRA\u201d) \n39\npassed in California in November 2020.\nAdditionally, we are subject to laws, rules, and regulations regarding cross-border transfers of personal data, including laws relating to transfer of personal data outside the EEA. We rely on transfer mechanisms permitted under these laws, including the EU Standard Contract Clauses. Such mechanisms have received heightened regulatory and judicial scrutiny and are undergoing modifications, and a 2020 decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union casts doubt on the adequacy of all of the formerly-approved mechanisms for transferring personal data from countries in the EEA to certain other countries such as the United States. If we cannot rely on existing mechanisms for transferring personal data from the EEA, the United Kingdom, or other jurisdictions, we may be unable to transfer personal data of Drivers, consumers, or employees in those regions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, we may be required to disclose personal data pursuant to demands from government agencies, including from state and city regulators as a requirement for obtaining or maintaining a license or otherwise, from law enforcement agencies, and from intelligence agencies. This disclosure may result in a failure or perceived failure by us to comply with privacy and data protection policies, notices, laws, rules, and regulations, could result in proceedings or actions against us in the same or other jurisdictions, and could have an adverse impact on our reputation and brand. In addition, Careem has historically shared certain user data with certain government authorities, which conflicts with our global policies regarding data use, sharing, and ownership. We expect to maintain our data use, sharing, and ownership practices for both our business and Careem\u2019s business, and doing so may cause our relationship with government authorities in certain jurisdictions to suffer, and may result in such government authorities assessing significant fines or penalties against us or shutting down our or Careem\u2019s app on either a temporary or indefinite basis. Further, if any jurisdiction in which we operate changes its laws, rules, or regulations relating to data residency or local computation such that we are unable to comply in a timely manner or at all, we may risk losing our rights to operate in such jurisdictions. This could adversely affect the manner in which we provide our products and offerings and thus materially affect our operations and financial results.\nSuch data protection laws, rules, and regulations are complex and their interpretation is rapidly evolving, making implementation and enforcement, and thus compliance requirements, ambiguous, uncertain, and potentially inconsistent. Compliance with such laws may require changes to our data collection, use, transfer, disclosure, and other processing and certain other related business practices and may thereby increase compliance costs. Additionally, any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with privacy and data protection policies, notices, laws, rules, orders and regulations could result in proceedings or actions against us by individuals, consumer rights groups, governmental entities or agencies, or others. We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if found liable, significant damages. Further, these proceedings and any subsequent adverse outcomes may subject us to significant penalties and negative publicity. If any of these events were to occur, our business and financial results could be significantly disrupted and adversely affected.\nAdverse litigation judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings in which we may be involved could expose us to monetary damages or limit our ability to operate our business.\nWe have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future become, involved in private actions, collective actions, investigations, and various other legal proceedings by Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, carriers, employees, commercial partners, competitors or, government agencies, among others. We are subject to litigation relating to various matters including Driver classification, Drivers\u2019 tips and taxes, the Americans with Disabilities Act, antitrust, intellectual property infringement, privacy, unfair competition, workplace culture, safety practices, and employment and human resources practices. The results of any such litigation, investigations, and legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and expensive. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, costly, and harmful to our reputation, and could require significant amounts of management time and corporate resources. If any of these legal proceedings were to be determined adversely to us, or we were to enter into a settlement arrangement, we could be exposed to monetary damages or be forced to change the way in which we operate our business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.\nIn addition, we regularly include arbitration provisions in our terms of service with end-users. These provisions are intended to streamline the litigation process for all parties involved, as arbitration can in some cases be faster and less costly than litigating disputes in state or federal court. However, arbitration may become more costly for us, or the volume of arbitrations may increase and become burdensome. Further, the use of arbitration provisions may subject us to certain risks to our reputation and brand, as these provisions have been the subject of increasing public scrutiny. To minimize these risks, we have in the past and may in the future voluntarily limit our use of arbitration provisions, or we may be required to do so, in any legal or regulatory proceeding, either of which could increase our litigation costs and exposure in respect of such proceedings. For example, effective May 15, 2018, we ended mandatory arbitration of sexual misconduct claims by platform users and employees.\nFurther, with the potential for conflicting rules regarding the scope and enforceability of arbitration on a state-by-state basis, as well as conflicting rules between state and federal law, some or all of our arbitration provisions could be subject to challenge or may need to be revised to exempt certain categories of protection. If our arbitration agreements were found to be unenforceable, in whole or in part, or specific claims were required to be exempted from arbitration, we could experience an increase in our litigation costs and the time involved in resolving such disputes, and we could face increased exposure to potentially costly lawsuits, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.\n40\nWe have operations in countries known to experience high levels of corruption and were previously subject to, and may in the future be subject to, inquiries, investigations, and requests for information with respect to our compliance with a number of anti-corruption laws to which we are subject.\nWe have operations in, and have business relationships with, entities in countries known to experience high levels of corruption. We are subject to the FCPA and other similar laws outside the United States that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments, their officials, and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. U.S. and non-U.S. regulators alike continue to focus on the enforcement of these laws, and we may be subject to additional compliance requirements to identify criminal activity and payments to sanctioned parties. Our activities in certain countries with high levels of corruption enhance the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers or carriers, employees, consultants, or business partners in violation of various anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, even though the actions of these parties are often outside our control. Our acquisition of Careem may further enhance this risk because users of Careem\u2019s platform and Careem\u2019s employees, consultants, and business partners may not be familiar with, and may not have been previously subject to, these anti-corruption laws. In addition, our existing and future safeguards, including training and compliance programs to discourage these practices by such parties, may not prove effective, and such parties may engage in conduct for which we could be held responsible. Additional compliance requirements may compel us to revise or expand our compliance program, including the procedures we use to verify the identity of platform users and monitor international and domestic transactions.\nDrivers may become subject to increased licensing requirements, and we may be required to obtain additional licenses or cap the number of Drivers using our platform.\nMany Drivers currently are not required to obtain a commercial taxi or livery license in their respective jurisdictions. However, numerous jurisdictions in which we operate have conducted investigations or taken action to enforce existing licensing rules, including markets within Latin America and the Asia-Pacific region, and many others, including countries in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, have adopted or proposed new laws or regulations that require Drivers to be licensed with local authorities or require us or our subsidiaries to be licensed as a transportation company. Local regulations requiring the licensing of us or Drivers may adversely affect our ability to scale our business and operations. In addition, it is possible that various jurisdictions could impose caps on the number of licensed Drivers or vehicles with whom we may partner or impose limitations on the maximum number of hours a Driver may work, similar to recent regulations that were adopted in Spain and New York City, which have temporarily frozen new vehicle licenses for Drivers using platforms like ours. If we or Drivers become subject to such caps, limitations, or licensing requirements, our business and growth prospects would be adversely impacted.\nWe may be subject to liability for the means we use to attract and onboard Drivers.\nWe operate in an industry in which the competition for Drivers is intense. In this highly competitive environment, the means we use to onboard and attract Drivers may be challenged by competitors, government regulators, or individual plaintiffs. For example, putative class actions have been filed by individual plaintiffs against us for alleged violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, alleging, among other things, that plaintiffs received text messages from us regarding our Driver program without their consent or after indicating to us they no longer wished to receive such text messages. In addition, in early 2017, we settled an investigation by the FTC into statements we made regarding potential Driver earnings and third-party vehicle leasing and financing programs. In connection with this matter, we agreed, among other things, to pay $20 million to the FTC for Driver redress. These lawsuits are expensive and time consuming to defend, and, if resolved adversely to us, could result in material financial damages and penalties, costly adjustments to our business practices, and negative publicity. In addition, we could incur substantial expense and possible loss of revenue if competitors file additional lawsuits or other claims challenging these practices.\nOur business depends heavily on insurance coverage for Drivers and on other types of insurance for additional risks related to our business. If insurance carriers change the terms of such insurance in a manner not favorable to Drivers or to us, if we are required to purchase additional insurance for other aspects of our business, or if we fail to comply with regulations governing insurance coverage, our business could be harmed.\nWe use a combination of third-party insurance and self-insurance mechanisms, including a wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary. Insurance related to our Mobility products may include third-party automobile, automobile comprehensive and collision, physical damage, and uninsured and underinsured motorist coverage. We require Drivers to carry automobile insurance in most countries, and in many cases we also maintain insurance on behalf of Drivers. We rely on a limited number of ridesharing insurance providers, particularly internationally, and should such providers discontinue or increase the cost of coverage, we cannot guarantee that we would be able to secure replacement coverage on reasonable terms or at all. In addition to insurance related to our products, we maintain other automobile insurance coverage for owned vehicles and employee activity, as well as insurance coverage for non-automotive corporate risks including general liability, workers\u2019 compensation, property, cyber liability, and director and officers\u2019 liability. If our insurance carriers change the terms of our policies in a manner unfavorable to us or Drivers, our insurance costs could increase. The cost of insurance that we maintain on behalf of Drivers is higher in the United States and Canada than in other geographies. Further, if the insurance coverage we maintain is not adequate to cover losses that occur, we could be liable for significant additional costs.\nIn addition, we and our captive insurance subsidiary are party to certain reinsurance and indemnification arrangements that \n41\ntransfer a significant portion of the risk from the insurance provider to us or our captive insurance subsidiary, which could require us to pay out material amounts that may be in excess of our insurance reserves, resulting in harm to our financial condition. Our insurance reserves account for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for risks retained by us through our captive insurance subsidiary and other risk retention mechanisms. Such amounts are based on actuarial estimates, historical claim information, and industry data. While management believes that these reserve amounts are adequate, the ultimate liability could be in excess of our reserves. We also have requirements to post collateral for current and future claim settlement obligations with certain of our insurance carriers, which may have a significant impact on our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents available for general business purposes.\nWe may be subject to claims of significant liability based on traffic accidents, injuries, or other incidents that are claimed to have been caused by Drivers who use our platform, even when those Drivers are not actively using our platform or when an individual impersonates a Driver. As we expand to include more offerings on our platform, our insurance needs will likely extend to those additional offerings, including Freight. As a result, our automobile liability and general liability insurance policies and insurance maintained by Drivers may not cover all potential claims related to traffic accidents, injuries, or other incidents that are claimed to have been caused by Drivers who use our platform, and may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that we could face. Even if these claims do not result in liability, we could incur significant costs in investigating and defending against them. If insurers become insolvent, they may not be able to pay otherwise valid claims in a timely manner or at all. If we are subject to claims of liability relating to the acts of Drivers or others using our platform, we may be subject to negative publicity and incur additional expenses, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.\nIn addition, we are subject to local laws, rules, and regulations relating to insurance coverage which could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others. Legislation has been passed in many U.S. jurisdictions that codifies these insurance requirements with respect to ridesharing. Additional legislation has been proposed in other jurisdictions that seeks to codify or change insurance requirements with respect to ridesharing. Further, service providers and business customers of Freight and Uber for Business may require higher levels of coverage as a condition to entering into certain key contracts with us. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with local laws, rules, and regulations or contractual obligations relating to insurance coverage could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others. These lawsuits, proceedings, or actions may subject us to significant penalties and negative publicity, require us to increase our insurance coverage, require us to amend our insurance policy disclosure, increase our costs, and disrupt our business.\nWe may be subject to pricing regulations, as well as related litigation or regulatory inquiries.\nOur revenue is dependent on the pricing models we use to calculate consumer fares and Driver earnings. Our pricing models, including dynamic pricing, have been, and will likely continue to be, challenged, banned, limited in emergencies, and capped in certain jurisdictions. For example, we have agreed to not calculate consumer fares in excess of the maximum government-mandated fares in all major Indian cities where legal proceedings have limited the use of surge pricing. Further, in 2018, Honolulu, Hawaii became the first U.S. city to pass legislation to cap surge pricing if increased rates exceed the maximum fare set by the city. Additional regulation of our pricing models could increase our operating costs and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, our pricing model has been the subject of litigation and regulatory inquiries related to, among other things, the calculation of and statements regarding consumer fares and Driver earnings (including rates, fees, surcharges, and tolls), as well as the use of surge pricing during emergencies and natural disasters. In addition, an increasing number of municipalities have proposed delivery network fee caps with respect to our Delivery offering and caps on surge pricing with respect to our Mobility offering. As a result, we may be forced to change our pricing models in certain jurisdictions, which could harm our revenue or result in a sub-optimal tax structure.\nIf we are unable to protect our intellectual property, or if third parties are successful in claiming that we are misappropriating the intellectual property of others, we may incur significant expense and our business may be adversely affected.\nOur intellectual property includes the content of our website, mobile applications, registered domain names, software code, firmware, hardware and hardware designs, registered and unregistered trademarks, trademark applications, copyrights, trade secrets, inventions (whether or not patentable), patents, and patent applications. We believe that our intellectual property is essential to our business and affords us a competitive advantage in the markets in which we operate. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, our brand and reputation may be harmed, Drivers, consumers, merchants, shippers, and carriers could devalue our products and offerings, and our ability to compete effectively may be impaired.\nTo protect our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret laws, contractual provisions, end-user policies, and disclosure restrictions. Upon discovery of potential infringement of our intellectual property, we assess and when necessary, take action to protect our rights as appropriate. We also enter into confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and seek to control access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information in a commercially prudent manner. The efforts we have taken and may take to protect our intellectual property may not be sufficient or effective. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we currently or in the future will operate. In addition, it may be possible for other parties to copy or reverse-engineer our products and offerings or obtain and use the content of our website without authorization. Further, we may be unable to prevent competitors or other third parties from acquiring or using domain names or trademarks that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our domain names, trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary rights. Moreover, our trade secrets may be compromised by third \n42\nparties or our employees, which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage derived from the compromised trade secrets. Further, we may be unable to detect infringement of our intellectual property rights, and even if we detect such violations and decide to enforce our intellectual property rights, we may not be successful, and may incur significant expenses, in such efforts. In addition, any such enforcement efforts may be time-consuming and may divert management\u2019s attention. Further, such enforcement efforts may result in a ruling that our intellectual property rights are unenforceable or invalid. Any failure to protect or any loss of our intellectual property may have an adverse effect on our ability to compete and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results.\nCompanies in the Internet and technology industries, and other patent and trademark holders, including \u201cnon-practicing entities,\u201d seeking to profit from royalties in connection with grants of licenses or seeking to obtain injunctions, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have and may in the future continue to receive notices that claim we have misappropriated, misused, or infringed upon other parties\u2019 intellectual property rights.\nFurthermore, from time to time we may introduce or acquire new products, including in areas in which we historically have not operated, which could increase our exposure to patent and other intellectual property claims. In addition, we, and companies we acquired or in which we have an interest, have been sued, and may in the future be sued, for allegations of intellectual property infringement or threats of trade secret misappropriation. If a company we acquire or in which we have an interest loses rights to valuable intellectual property or is found to infringe third party intellectual property rights in such lawsuits, the value of our investment may materially decline.\nAny intellectual property claim against us, regardless of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to settle or litigate, could divert our management\u2019s attention and other resources, and could hurt goodwill associated with our brand. These claims may also subject us to significant liability for damages and may result in us having to stop using technology, content, branding, or business methods found to be in violation of another party\u2019s rights. Further, certain adverse outcomes of such proceedings could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively in existing or future businesses.\nWe may be required or may opt to seek a license for the right to use intellectual property held by others, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if a license is available, we may be required to pay significant royalties or license fees, which may increase our operating expenses. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, content, branding, or business methods, which could require significant effort and expense and make us less competitive. If we cannot license or develop alternative technology, content, branding, or business methods for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we may be unable to compete effectively or we may be prevented from operating our business in certain jurisdictions. Any of these results could harm our operating results. \nOur reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles.\nThe accounting for our business is complicated, particularly in the area of revenue recognition, and is subject to change based on the evolution of our business model, interpretations of relevant accounting principles, enforcement of existing or new regulations, and changes in SEC or other agency policies, rules, regulations, and interpretations, of accounting regulations. Changes to our business model and accounting methods could result in changes to our financial statements, including changes in revenue and expenses in any period, or in certain categories of revenue and expenses moving to different periods, may result in materially different financial results, and may require that we change how we process, analyze, and report financial information and our financial reporting controls.\nIf we are deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, applicable restrictions could have an adverse effect on our business.\nThe Investment Company Act contains substantive legal requirements that regulate the manner in which \u201cinvestment companies\u201d are permitted to conduct their business activities. We believe that we have conducted our business in a manner that does not result in being characterized as an \u201cinvestment company\u201d under the Investment Company Act because we are primarily engaged in a non-investment company business. Although a significant portion of our assets constitute investments in non-controlled entities (including in China), referred to elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as minority-owned affiliates, we believe that we are not an investment company as defined by the Investment Company Act. While we intend to conduct our operations such that we will not be deemed an investment company, such a determination would require us to initiate burdensome compliance requirements and comply with restrictions imposed by the Investment Company Act that would limit our activities, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, which would have an adverse effect on our financial condition. To avoid such a determination, we may be required to conduct our business in a manner that does not subject us to the requirements of the Investment Company Act, which could have an adverse effect on our business. For example, we may be required to sell certain of our assets and pay significant taxes upon the sale or transfer of such assets.\nRisks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock\nThe market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile or may decline steeply or suddenly regardless of our operating performance, and we may not be able to meet investor or analyst expectations. You may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid and may lose all or part of your investment.\n43\nThe market price of our common stock may fluctuate or decline significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:\n\u2022\nactual or anticipated fluctuations in MAPCs, Trips, Adjusted EBITDA, Gross Bookings, revenue, or other operating and financial results;\n\u2022\nannouncements by us or estimates by third parties of actual or anticipated changes in the number of Drivers and consumers on our platform;\n\u2022\nvariations between our actual operating results and the expectations of our management, securities analysts, investors, the financial community;\n\u2022\nchanges in accounting principles or changes in interpretations of existing principles, which could affect financial results;\n\u2022\nactions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;\n\u2022\nannouncements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments;\n\u2022\nnegative media coverage or publicity;\n\u2022\nchanges in operating performance and stock market valuations of technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular, including our competitors;\n\u2022\nprice and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole;\n\u2022\nlawsuits threatened, filed, or decided against us;\n\u2022\ndevelopments in legislation or regulatory actions, including interim or final rulings by judicial or regulatory bodies (including any competition authorities blocking, delaying, or subjecting our pending acquisitions to significant limitations or restrictions on our ability to operate in one or more markets, or requiring us to divest our or any target company\u2019s assets or businesses in one or more markets);\n\u2022\nchanges in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles;\n\u2022\nany major change in our board of directors or management;\n\u2022\nany safety incidents or public reports of safety incidents that occur on our platform or in our industry;\n\u2022\nstatements, commentary, or opinions by public officials that our product offerings are or may be unlawful, regardless of any interim or final rulings by judicial or regulatory bodies; and\n\u2022\nother events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, public health concerns or epidemics, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters, or responses to these events.\nIn addition, price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets have affected and continue to affect many technology companies\u2019 stock prices. Often, their stock prices have fluctuated in ways unrelated or disproportionate to the companies\u2019 operating performance. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. For example, beginning in September 2019, several putative class actions were filed in California state and federal courts against us, our directors, certain of our officers, and the underwriters named in our IPO registration statement alleging violations of securities laws in connection with our IPO. Securities litigation could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and seriously harm our business. In addition, the occurrence of any of the factors listed above, among others, may cause our stock price to decline significantly, and there can be no assurance that our stock price would recover. As such, you may not be able to sell your shares at or above the price you paid, and you may lose some or all of your investment.\nDelaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our common stock.\nOur amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could depress the trading price of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay, or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions include the following:\n\u2022\nour board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill vacancies created by the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors;\n\u2022\nadvance notice requirements for stockholder proposals, which may reduce the number of stockholder proposals available for stockholder consideration;\n\u2022\nlimitations on stockholder ability to convene special stockholder meetings, which could make it difficult for our \n44\nstockholders to adopt desired governance changes;\n\u2022\nprohibition on cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; and\n\u2022\nour board of directors is able to issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock, which makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us.\nAny provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. In addition, under our existing debt instruments, we, and certain of our subsidiaries, are subject to certain limitations on our business and operations, including limitations on certain consolidations, mergers, and sales of assets. For information regarding these and other provisions, see the risk factor titled \u201c-We have incurred a significant amount of debt and may in the future incur additional indebtedness. Our payment obligations under such indebtedness may limit the funds available to us, and the terms of our debt agreements may restrict our flexibility in operating our business.\u201d \nSales, directly or indirectly, of shares of our common stock by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline.\nSales, directly or indirectly, of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the public perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We may issue our shares of common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for our common stock from time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investments or otherwise. For example, on December\u00a01, 2020, we completed the acquisition of Postmates for aggregate consideration of approximately 70\u00a0million shares of our common stock and equity awards covering approximately 13\u00a0million shares of our common stock. This and any other such issuance, including the issuance of additional shares of our common stock upon exercise of such equity awards, could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.\nWe do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future.\nWe have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, certain of our existing debt instruments include restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our common stock if the market price of our common stock increases.\nOur amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America are the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders\u2019 ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.\nOur amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law:\n\u2022\nany derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf;\n\u2022\nany action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty;\n\u2022\nany action asserting a claim against us or our directors, officers, or employees arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws;\n\u2022\nany action regarding our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws;\n\u2022\nany action as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and\n\u2022\nany action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine.\nThis provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.\nOur amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, subject to and contingent upon a final adjudication in the State of Delaware of the enforceability of such exclusive forum provision. Although the Delaware Supreme Court has held that such exclusive forum provisions are facially valid, courts in other jurisdictions may find such provisions to be unenforceable.\nThese exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder\u2019s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, \n45\nand other employees. If any other court of competent jurisdiction were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm our business.\nGeneral Risk Factors\nAs a result of being a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock.\nWe are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (\u201cSection 404\u201d), to furnish an annual report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial annually. We currently are required to disclose changes in internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting on a quarterly basis.\nThe process of compiling the system and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404 is costly and challenging, and we may not be able to complete evaluation, testing, and any required remediation in a timely fashion. As our business continues to grow in size and complexity, we are improving our processes and infrastructure to help ensure we can prepare financial reporting and disclosures within the timeline required for a public company. During the evaluation and testing process of our internal controls, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective.\nWe cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, particularly due to high growth offerings (such as with Delivery and Freight), which may cause challenges in consistent performance and timely designing new controls. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or operating results. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain these and other effective control systems, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets.", "item7": ">ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT\u2019S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS\nThe following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included\u00a0in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K\n. \nWe have elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the consolidated financial statements presented. Refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 1, 2021, for reference to discussion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, the earliest of the three fiscal years presented.\nIn addition to our historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. You should review the sections titled \u201cSpecial Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements\u201d for a discussion of forward-looking statements and in Part I, Item 1A, \u201cRisk Factors\u201d, for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nOverview\nWe are a technology platform that uses a massive network, leading technology, operational excellence, and product expertise to power movement from point A to point B. We develop and operate proprietary technology applications supporting a variety of offerings on our platform. We connect consumers with providers of ride services and merchants as well as delivery service providers for meal preparation, grocery and other delivery services. Uber also connects consumers with public transportation networks. We use this same network, technology, operational excellence, and product expertise to connect shippers with carriers in the freight industry. We are also developing technologies that provide new solutions to solve everyday problems.\n48\nCOVID-19\nIn March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of coronavirus (\u201cCOVID-19\u201d) a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has rapidly changed market and economic conditions globally, impacting Drivers, Merchants, consumers and business partners, as well as our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Various governmental restrictions, including the declaration of a federal National Emergency, multiple cities\u2019 and states\u2019 declarations of states of emergency, school and business closings, quarantines, restrictions on travel, limitations on social or public gatherings, and other measures have, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our business and operations, including, for example, by reducing the global demand for Mobility rides. Furthermore, we are experiencing and expect to continue to experience Driver supply constraints, and such supply constraints have been and may continue to be impacted by concerns regarding the COVID-19 pandemic.\nCOVID-19 Response Initiatives\nWe continue to prioritize the health and safety of our consumers, Drivers and Merchants, our employees and the communities we serve and continue to believe we will play an important role in the economic recovery of cities around the globe. We are focused on navigating the challenges presented by COVID-19 through preserving our liquidity and managing our cash flow by taking preemptive action to enhance our ability to meet our short-term liquidity needs. The pandemic has reduced the demand for our Mobility offering globally, while accelerating the growth of our Delivery offerings. We have responded to the COVID-19 pandemic by launching new, or expanding existing, services or features on an expedited basis, particularly those related to delivery of food and other goods.\nTo comply with social distancing guidelines of national, state and local governments, we have temporarily suspended our shared rides Mobility offering in most markets, and implemented \u201cleave at door\u201d delivery options for Delivery offerings. Additionally, we have asked that all employees who are able to do so, to work remotely.\nAs vaccination rates increase in the United States, we are observing that consumer demand for Mobility is recovering faster than driver availability, and consumer demand for Delivery continues to exceed Courier availability. During the first half of 2021, we announced that we are increasing investments in driver incentives to improve driver availability in the near-term.\nWhile we continue to assess the impact from the COVID-19 outbreak, we are unable to accurately predict the full impact of COVID-19 on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, any future waves or resurgences of the virus, variants of the virus, the administration, adoption and efficacy of vaccines in the United States and internationally, additional actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, the further impact on the business of Drivers, Merchants, consumers, and business partners, and other factors identified in Part I, Item 1A. \u201cRisk Factors\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nDriver Classification Developments\nThe classification of Drivers is currently being challenged in courts, by legislators and by government agencies in the United States and abroad. We are involved in numerous legal proceedings globally, including putative class and collective class action lawsuits, demands for arbitration, charges and claims before administrative agencies, and investigations or audits by labor, social security, and tax authorities that claim that Drivers should be treated as our employees (or as workers or quasi-employees where those statuses exist), rather than as independent contractors. Of particular note are proceedings in California, where on May 5, 2020, the California Attorney General, in conjunction with the city attorneys for San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego, filed a complaint in San Francisco Superior Court (the \u201cCourt\u201d) against Uber and Lyft, alleging that drivers are misclassified, and sought an injunction and monetary damages related to the alleged competitive advantage caused by the alleged misclassification of drivers.\nOn August 10, 2020, the Court issued a preliminary injunction order prohibiting us from classifying Drivers as independent contractors and from violating various wage and hour laws. Following a stay of the injunction and our unsuccessful appeal of the injunction to a Court of Appeal, we were ordered to comply with the preliminary injunction. In November 2020, California voters approved Proposition 22, a state ballot initiative that provides a framework for drivers that use platforms like ours for independent work. Proposition 22 went into effect in December 2020. Although our stipulation to dissolve the California Attorney General\u2019s preliminary injunction was granted in April 2021, that litigation remains pending, and we also may face liability relating to periods before the effective date of Proposition 22.\nIn January 2021, a petition was filed with the California Supreme Court by several drivers and a labor union alleging that Proposition 22 is unconstitutional, which was denied. The same drivers and labor union have since filed a similar challenge in California Superior Court, and in August 2021, the court ruled that Proposition 22 is unconstitutional. On September 21, 2021, the State of California filed an appeal of that decision with the California Court of Appeal, and the Protect App-Based Drivers and Services has also filed an appeal.\nTo comply with Proposition 22, we have incurred and expect to incur additional expenses, including expenses associated with a guaranteed minimum earnings floor for Drivers, insurance for injury protection and subsidies for health care. We do not expect these changes will have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.\nAlso of note, on October 28, 2015, a claim by 25 Drivers, including Mr. Y. Aslam and Mr. J. Farrar, was brought in the UK Employment Tribunal against us asserting that they should be classified as \u201cworkers\u201d (a separate category between independent \n49\ncontractors and employees) in the UK rather than independent contractors. The tribunal ruled on October 28, 2016 that the Drivers were workers whenever our app was switched on and they were ready and able to take trips, based on an assessment of the app in July 2016. The Court of Appeal rejected our appeal in a majority decision on December 19, 2018. We appealed to the Supreme Court and a hearing at the Supreme Court took place in July 2020.\nOn February 19, 2021, the Supreme Court of the UK upheld the tribunal ruling. Subsequently, we initiated a historical claims settlement process for UK drivers. Damages may include back pay including holiday pay and minimum wage. Additional claimants have also filed and each claimant will be required to bring their own separate action to an employment tribunal to determine whether they met the \u201cworker\u201d classification and if so, how much each claimant will be awarded.\nOn March 16, 2021, we announced that more than 70,000 drivers in the UK will be treated as workers, earning at least the National Living Wage when driving with Uber. They will also be paid for holiday time and all those eligible will be automatically enrolled into a pension plan. We have also completed a settlement process with drivers in the UK to proactively resolve historical claims relating to their classification under UK law.\nOn June 23, 2021, we received a compliance notice from the UK pension regulator to facilitate our auto-enrollment implementation. The pension regulator has confirmed that Uber will be required to pay historic company contributions, but that we are not required to pay the driver component of historic pension contributions unless we fail to comply in which case the amount equivalent to those contributions would be payable as a penalty. We have completed the enrollment of eligible drivers in the UK into a pension plan.\nOur portal for drivers to register for a settlement of historical holiday pay and national minimum wage liabilities closed on July 22, 2021 and we have extended offers to all drivers eligible for settlement who are not already represented by an attorney and have made payments to the drivers who accepted our offers. We are currently in mediation with the drivers who are represented by one of three law firms who represent large cohorts of drivers. Compensation hearings will take place in 2022 for claimants who have not settled their historic claims, where the tribunal will assess our position on the correct approach to working time.\nIn September 2021, a Netherlands court ruled that Mobility drivers are employees within the meaning of the taxi collective bargaining agreement.\nIf, as a result of legislation or judicial decisions, we are required to classify Drivers as employees, workers or quasi-employees where those statuses exist, we would incur significant additional expenses for compensating Drivers, including expenses associated with the application of wage and hour laws (including minimum wage, overtime, and meal and rest period requirements), employee benefits, social security contributions, taxes (direct and indirect), and potential penalties. Additionally, we may not have adequate Driver supply as Drivers may opt out of our platform given the loss of flexibility under an employment model, and we may not be able to hire a majority of the Drivers currently using our platform. Any of these events could negatively impact our business, result of operations, financial position, and cash flows.\nFor a discussion of risk factors related to how misclassification challenges may impact our business, result of operations, financial position and operating condition and cash flows, see the risk factor titled \u201c-Our business would be adversely affected if Drivers were classified as employees, workers or quasi-employees\u201d included in Part I, Item 1A, \u201cRisk Factors\u201d, and Note 15 \u2013 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nIn addition, if we are required to classify Drivers as employees, this may impact our current financial statement presentation including revenue, cost of revenue, incentives and promotions as further described in Note 1 \u2013 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d and the section titled \u201cCritical Accounting Estimates\u201d in Part II, Item 7, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\n50\nFinancial and Operational Highlights\nYear Ended December 31,\nConstant Currency \n(1)\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n2020 to 2021 % Change\nMonthly Active Platform Consumers (\u201cMAPCs\u201d) \n(2), (3)\n93\n118\n27\u00a0\n%\nTrips \n(2)\n5,025\n6,368\n27\u00a0\n%\nGross Bookings \n(2)\n$\n57,897\u00a0\n$\n90,415\u00a0\n56\u00a0\n%\n53\u00a0\n%\nRevenue\n$\n11,139\u00a0\n$\n17,455\u00a0\n57\u00a0\n%\n54\u00a0\n%\nNet loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. \n(4)\n$\n(6,768)\n$\n(496)\n93\u00a0\n%\nMobility Adjusted EBITDA\n$\n1,169\u00a0\n$\n1,596\u00a0\n37\u00a0\n%\nDelivery Adjusted EBITDA\n$\n(873)\n$\n(348)\n60\u00a0\n%\nAdjusted EBITDA \n(1), (2)\n$\n(2,528)\n$\n(774)\n69\u00a0\n%\n(1)\n See the section titled \u201cReconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures\u201d for more information and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.\n(2)\n See the section titled \u201cCertain Key Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures\u201d below for more information.\n(3) \nMAPCs presented for annual periods are MAPCs for the fourth quarter of the year.\n(4) \nNet loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. includes stock-based compensation expense of $827 million and $1.2 billion during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively.\nHighlights for 2021\nOverall Gross Bookings increased by $32.5 billion in 2021, up 56%, or 53% on a constant currency basis, compared to 2020. Delivery Gross Bookings grew 66% from 2020, on a constant currency basis, due to an increase in food delivery orders and higher basket sizes as a result of stay-at-home order demand related to COVID-19, as well as continued expansion across U.S. and international markets. Additionally, we saw an increase in Delivery revenue resulting from an increase in certain Courier payments and incentives that are recorded in cost of revenue, where we are primarily responsible for delivery services and pay Couriers for services provided. Mobility Gross Bookings grew 36%, on a constant currency basis, from 2020, due to increases in Trip volumes as the business recovers from the impacts of COVID-19.\nRevenue was $17.5 billion, or up 57% year-over-year, reflecting the overall growth in our Delivery business and an increase in Freight revenue attributable to the acquisition of Transplace in the fourth quarter of 2021 as well as growth in the number of shippers and carriers on the network combined with an increase in volumes with our top shippers.\nNet loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. was $496 million, a 93% improvement year-over-year, driven by \na \n$1.6 billion pre-tax gain on the sale of our ATG Business to Aurora, a\n \n$1.6 billion\n pre-tax net benefit relating to Uber\u2019s equity investments,\n as well as reductions in our fixed cost structure and increased variable cost efficiencies. Net loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. also included $1.2 billion of stock-based compensation expense.\nAdjusted EBITDA loss was $774 million, improving $1.8 billion from 2020 with Mobility Adjusted EBITDA profit of $1.6 billion. Additionally, Delivery Adjusted EBITDA loss of $348 million, improved $525 million and Delivery Adjusted EBITDA margin as a percentage of Delivery Gross Bookings improved to (0.7)% from (2.9)%, compared to 2020.\nWe ended the year with $4.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents.\nOther Developments for 2021\nAcquisitions\nRemaining Interests in Cornershop\nIn August 2021, we completed the acquisition of the remaining 45% ownership interest in Cornershop Cayman (\u201cCornershop\u201d), or 47%, on a fully-diluted basis, in an all-stock transaction.\nDrizly\nOn October\u00a012, 2021, we completed the acquisition of 100% ownership interest in The Drizly Group, Inc. (\u201cDrizly\u201d), an on-demand alcohol marketplace in North America, allowing us to expand alcohol offerings in our Delivery business.\n51\nTransplace\nOn November\u00a012, 2021, we completed the acquisition of 100% ownership interest in Tupelo Parent, Inc. (\u201cTransplace\u201d), a leading transportation management and third-party logistics provider in North America. The acquisition of Transplace is expected to allow us to expand our Uber Freight business through Transplace\u2019s expertise in transportation management.\nFor additional information on acquisitions, see Note 18 \u2013 Business Combinations included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nDivestitures\nATG Business to Aurora\nOn January 19, 2021, we completed the previously announced sale of Apparate USA LLC (\u201cApparate\u201d or the \u201cATG Business\u201d), a subsidiary focused on the development and commercialization of autonomous vehicle technology, to Aurora Innovation, Inc. (\u201cAurora\u201d). As a result, our controlling interest and the non-controlling interests in the ATG Business were settled, and ownership of the ATG Business transferred to Aurora. For additional information, see Note 19 \u2013 Divestitures included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nOther Developments\nMLU B.V.\n \nand Uber Russia/CIS Operations\nOn August 30, 2021, we entered into an agreement (the \u201cFramework Agreement\u201d) with Yandex N.V. (\u201cYandex\u201d) to restructure our joint ventures, MLU B.V. and Yandex Self Driving Group B.V. (\u201cSDG\u201d). Pursuant to the Framework Agreement, we completed the sale of our entire equity interest in SDG and 4.5% of our equity interest in MLU B.V. to Yandex during the third quarter of 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2021 and pursuant to the Framework Agreement, MLU B.V. completed the spin-off of its delivery businesses: Yandex.Eats, Yandex.Lavka and Yandex.Delivery (collectively, \u201cDemerged Businesses\u201d). Immediately following the demerger, Yandex acquired all of our equity interest in the Demerged Businesses. For additional information, see Note 4 - Equity Method Investments included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nLegacy Auto Insurance Transfer\nOn September 27, 2021, Aleka Insurance, Inc., our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, entered into a Loss Portfolio Transfer Reinsurance Agreement (the \u201cLPTA\u201d) with \nJames River Group companies (\u201cJames River\u201d)\n, effective July 1, 2021. Pursuant to the LPTA, our captive insurance subsidiary reinsured certain automobile liability insurance risks relating to activity on our platform between 2013 and 2019 in exchange for payment by James River to our captive insurance subsidiary of a premium. For additional information, see Note 1 \u2013 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nComponents of Results of Operations\nRevenue\nWe generate substantially all of our revenue from fees paid by Drivers and Merchants for use of our platform. We have concluded that we are an agent in these arrangements as we arrange for other parties to provide the service to the end-user. Under this model, revenue is net of Driver and Merchant earnings and Driver incentives. We act as an agent in these transactions by connecting consumers to Drivers and Merchants to facilitate a Trip, meal or grocery delivery service.\nFor additional discussion related to our revenue, see the section titled \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates - Revenue Recognition,\u201d \u201cNote 1 \u2013 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,\u201d and \u201cNote 2 \u2013 Revenue\u201d to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nCost of Revenue, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization\nCost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, primarily consists of certain insurance costs related to our Mobility and Delivery offerings, credit card processing fees, bank fees, data center and networking expenses, mobile device and service costs, costs incurred for certain Delivery transactions where we are primarily responsible for delivery services and pay Couriers for services provided, costs incurred with carriers for Uber Freight transportation services, amounts related to fare chargebacks and other credit card losses.\nWe expect that cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, will fluctuate on an absolute dollar basis for the foreseeable future in line with Trip volume changes on the platform. As Trips increase or decrease, we expect related changes for insurance costs, credit card processing fees, hosting and co-located data center expenses, maps license fees, and other cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization.\n52\nOperations and Support\nOperations and support expenses primarily consist of compensation expenses, including stock-based compensation, for employees that support operations in cities, including the general managers, Driver operations, platform user support representatives and community managers. Also included is the cost of customer support, Driver background checks and the allocation of certain corporate costs.\nAs our business recovers from the impacts of COVID-19 and Trip volume increases, we would expect operations and support expenses to increase on an absolute dollar basis for the foreseeable future, but decrease as a percentage of revenue as we become more efficient in supporting platform users.\nSales and Marketing\nSales and marketing expenses primarily consist of compensation costs, including stock-based compensation to sales and marketing employees, advertising costs, product marketing costs and discounts, loyalty programs, promotions, refunds, and credits provided to end-users who are not customers, and the allocation of certain corporate costs. We expense advertising and other promotional expenditures as incurred.\nAs our business recovers from the impacts of COVID-19, we would anticipate sales and marketing expenses to increase on an absolute dollar basis for the foreseeable future but vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue due to timing of marketing campaigns.\nResearch and Development\nResearch and development expenses primarily consist of compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, for employees in engineering, design and product development. Expenses includes ATG and Other Technology Programs development expenses prior to the divestiture of our ATG business in January 2021, as well as expenses associated with ongoing improvements to, and maintenance of, existing products and services, and allocation of certain corporate costs. We expense substantially all research and development expenses as incurred.\nWe expect research and development expenses to increase and vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue as we continue to invest in research and development activities relating to ongoing improvements to and maintenance of our platform offerings and other research and development programs, offset by a decrease in investments in our ATG and Other Technology Programs subsequent to the sale of our ATG Business.\nGeneral and Administrative\nGeneral and administrative expenses primarily consist of compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, for executive management and administrative employees, including finance and accounting, human resources, policy and communications, legal, and certain impairment charges, as well as allocation of certain corporate costs, occupancy, and general corporate insurance costs. General and administrative expenses also include certain legal settlements.\nAs our business recovers from the impacts of COVID-19 and Trip volume increases, we expect that general and administrative expenses will increase on an absolute dollar basis for the foreseeable future, but decrease as a percentage of revenue as we achieve improved fixed cost leverage and efficiencies in our internal support functions.\nDepreciation and Amortization\nDepreciation and amortization expenses primarily consist of depreciation on buildings, site improvements, computer and network equipment, software, leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures, and amortization of intangible assets. Depreciation includes expenses associated with buildings, site improvements, computer and network equipment, leased vehicles, and furniture, fixtures, as well as leasehold improvements. Amortization includes expenses associated with our capitalized internal-use software and acquired intangible assets.\nAs our business recovers from the impacts of COVID-19, we would anticipate depreciation and amortization expenses to increase as we continue to build out our network infrastructure and building locations.\nInterest Expense\nInterest expense consists primarily of interest expense associated with our outstanding debt, including accretion of debt discount. For additional detail related to our debt obligations, see \u201cNote 7 \u2013 Long-Term Debt and Revolving Credit Arrangements\u201d to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nOther Income (Expense), Net\nOther income (expense), net primarily includes the following items:\n53\n\u2022\nInterest income, which consists primarily of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents.\n\u2022\nForeign currency exchange gains (losses), net, which consist primarily of remeasurement of transactions and monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency at the end of the period.\n\u2022\nGain on business divestitures, net.\n\u2022\nGain from sale of investments, which consists primarily of gain from the sale of our entire equity interest in the Yandex Self Driving Group B.V. (\u201cSDG\u201d), and the derecognition of our entire equity interest in the Demerged Businesses.\n\u2022\nUnrealized gain (loss) on debt and equity securities, net, which consists primarily of gains (losses) from fair value adjustments relating to our marketable and non-marketable securities.\n\u2022\nImpairment of debt and equity securities, primarily related to an impairment charge recognized on our Didi investment.\n\u2022\nOther, net.\nProvision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes\nWe are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. These foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax rates than those in the United States. Additionally, certain of our foreign earnings may also be taxable in the United States. Accordingly, our effective tax rate will vary depending on the relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, changes in the valuation allowance on our U.S. and Netherlands' deferred tax assets, and changes in tax laws.\nEquity Method Investments\nEquity method investments primarily includes the results of our share of income or loss from our Yandex.Taxi joint venture.\nResults of Operations\nThe following table summarizes our consolidated statements of operations for each of the periods presented (in millions):\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020\n2021\nRevenue\n$\n11,139\u00a0\n$\n17,455\u00a0\nCosts and expenses\nCost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below\n5,154\u00a0\n9,351\u00a0\nOperations and support\n1,819\u00a0\n1,877\u00a0\nSales and marketing\n3,583\u00a0\n4,789\u00a0\nResearch and development\n2,205\u00a0\n2,054\u00a0\nGeneral and administrative\n2,666\u00a0\n2,316\u00a0\nDepreciation and amortization\n575\u00a0\n902\u00a0\nTotal costs and expenses\n16,002\u00a0\n21,289\u00a0\nLoss from operations\n(4,863)\n(3,834)\nInterest expense\n(458)\n(483)\nOther income (expense), net\n(1,625)\n3,292\u00a0\nLoss before income taxes and loss from equity method investments\n(6,946)\n(1,025)\nProvision for (benefit from) income taxes\n(192)\n(492)\nLoss from equity method investments\n(34)\n(37)\nNet loss including non-controlling interests\n(6,788)\n(570)\nLess: net loss attributable to non-controlling interests, net of tax\n(20)\n(74)\nNet loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc.\n$\n(6,768)\n$\n(496)\n54\nThe following table sets forth the components of our consolidated statements of operations for each of the periods presented as a percentage of revenue \n(1)\n:\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020\n2021\nRevenue\n100\u00a0\n%\n100\u00a0\n%\nCosts and expenses\nCost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below\n46\u00a0\n%\n54\u00a0\n%\nOperations and support\n16\u00a0\n%\n11\u00a0\n%\nSales and marketing\n32\u00a0\n%\n27\u00a0\n%\nResearch and development\n20\u00a0\n%\n12\u00a0\n%\nGeneral and administrative\n24\u00a0\n%\n13\u00a0\n%\nDepreciation and amortization\n5\u00a0\n%\n5\u00a0\n%\nTotal costs and expenses\n144\u00a0\n%\n122\u00a0\n%\nLoss from operations\n(44)\n%\n(22)\n%\nInterest expense\n(4)\n%\n(3)\n%\nOther income (expense), net\n(15)\n%\n19\u00a0\n%\nLoss before income taxes and loss from equity method investments\n(62)\n%\n(6)\n%\nProvision for (benefit from) income taxes\n(2)\n%\n(3)\n%\nLoss from equity method investments\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nNet loss including non-controlling interests\n(61)\n%\n(3)\n%\nLess: net loss attributable to non-controlling interests, net of tax\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nNet loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc.\n(61)\n%\n(3)\n%\n(1)\n Totals of percentage of revenues may not foot due to rounding.\nComparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2021\nRevenue\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nRevenue\n$\n11,139\u00a0\n$\n17,455\u00a0\n57\u00a0\n%\n2021\n \nCompared to 2020\nRevenue increased $6.3 billion, or 57%, primarily attributable to an increase in Gross Bookings of 56%, or 53% on a constant currency basis. The increase in Gross Bookings was primarily driven by an increase in Delivery Gross Bookings of 71%, or 66% on a constant currency basis, due to an increase in food delivery orders and higher basket sizes as a result of stay-at-home order demand related to COVID-19, as well as continued expansion across U.S. and international markets. The increase was also driven by Mobility Gross Bookings growth of 38%, or 36% on a constant currency basis, due to increases in Trip volumes as the business recovers from the impacts of COVID-19. Additionally, we saw an increase in Delivery revenue resulting from an increase in certain Courier payments and incentives that are recorded in cost of revenue, where we are primarily responsible for delivery services and pay Couriers for services provided.\nCost of Revenue, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nCost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization\n$\n5,154\u00a0\n$\n9,351\u00a0\n81\u00a0\n%\nPercentage of revenue\n46\u00a0\n%\n54\u00a0\n%\n2021 Compared to 2020\nCost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased $4.2 billion, or 81%, mainly due to a $2.1 billion increase in Courier payments and incentives in certain markets, a $660 million increase in insurance expense primarily due to an increase in miles driven in our Delivery business, and a $873 million increase in Freight carrier payments.\n55\nOperations and Support\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nOperations and support\n$\n1,819\u00a0\n$\n1,877\u00a0\n3\u00a0\n%\nPercentage of revenue\n16\u00a0\n%\n11\u00a0\n%\n2021 Compared to 2020\nOperations and support expenses increased $58 million, or 3%, primarily attributable to a $71 million increase in external contractor expenses and a $67 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by an $82 million decrease in employee headcount costs.\nSales and Marketing\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nSales and marketing\n$\n3,583\u00a0\n$\n4,789\u00a0\n34\u00a0\n%\nPercentage of revenue\n32\u00a0\n%\n27\u00a0\n%\n2021 Compared to 2020\nSales and marketing expenses increased $1.2 billion, or 34%, primarily attributable to a $681 million increase in consumer advertising expenses as well as an increase in consumer discounts, rider facing loyalty expense, promotions, credits and refunds of $384 million to $2.4 billion compared to $2.0 billion in the same period in 2020.\nResearch and Development\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nResearch and development\n$\n2,205\u00a0\n$\n2,054\u00a0\n(7)\n%\nPercentage of revenue\n20\u00a0\n%\n12\u00a0\n%\n2021 Compared to 2020\nResearch and development expenses decreased $151 million, or 7%, primarily attributable to a $211 million decrease in employee related costs and a $85 million decrease in restructuring and related charges, partially offset by a $137 million increase in stock-based compensation.\nGeneral and Administrative\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nGeneral and administrative\n$\n2,666\u00a0\n$\n2,316\u00a0\n(13)\n%\nPercentage of revenue\n24\u00a0\n%\n13\u00a0\n%\n2021 Compared to 2020\nGeneral and administrative expenses decreased $350 million, or 13%, primarily attributable to a $202 million decrease in employee headcount costs and a $193 million decrease in impairment charges related to our New Mobility reporting unit recorded during the first quarter of 2020 primarily related to COVID-19 impacts on certain markets, partially offset by a $102 million increase in stock-based compensation expense.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\nDepreciation and Amortization\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nDepreciation and amortization\n$\n575\u00a0\n$\n902\u00a0\n57\u00a0\n%\nPercentage of revenue\n5\u00a0\n%\n5\u00a0\n%\n2021 Compared to 2020\nDepreciation and amortization expenses increased $327 million, or 57%, primarily attributable to additional amortization \n56\nexpenses related to acquired intangible assets, primarily held by Postmates, Transplace, Drizly, and Cornershop, and an increase in building, site improvements, and leased server depreciation, partially offset by a decrease in amortization expense related to Careem fully amortized intangible assets.\nInterest Expense\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nInterest expense\n$\n(458)\n$\n(483)\n5\u00a0\n%\nPercentage of revenue\n(4)\n%\n(3)\n%\n2021 Compared to 2020\nInterest expense increased by $25 million, or 5%, primarily due to additional interest expense resulting from the issuance of our $1.5 billion 2029 Senior Notes in August 2021.\nOther Income (Expense), Net\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nInterest income\n$\n55\u00a0\n$\n37\u00a0\n(33)\n%\nForeign currency exchange gains (losses), net\n(128)\n(67)\n48\u00a0\n%\nGain on business divestitures, net\n204\u00a0\n1,684\u00a0\n**\nGain from sale of investments\n\u2014\u00a0\n413\u00a0\n**\nUnrealized gain (loss) on debt and equity securities, net\n(125)\n1,142\u00a0\n**\nImpairment of debt and equity securities\n(1,690)\n\u2014\u00a0\n**\nOther, net\n59\u00a0\n83\u00a0\n41\u00a0\n%\nOther income (expense), net\n$\n(1,625)\n$\n3,292\u00a0\n**\nPercentage of revenue\n(15)\n%\n19\u00a0\n%\n**    Percentage not meaningful.\n2021 Compared to 2020\nInterest income decreased by $18 million or 33% primarily due to declining balances and yields in our money market fund investments, bank deposits, and available-for-sale securities.\nForeign currency exchange gains (losses), net decreased by $61 million due to both realized and unrealized gains (losses) on our treasury funding and accrued legal contingencies.\nGain on business divestitures, net increased by $1.5 billion due to primarily due to a $1.6 billion gain on the sale of our ATG Business to Aurora recognized in the first quarter of 2021. For additional information, see Note 19 \u2013 Divestitures included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nGain from sale of investments increased by $413 million primarily due to the sale to Yandex of our (i) 4.5% equity interest in MLU B.V., (ii) our entire equity interest in Yandex Self Driving Group B.V. and (iii) all of our equity interest in the Demerged Businesses. For additional information, see Note 4 - Equity Method Investments included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nUnrealized gain (loss) on debt and equity securities, net increased by $1.3 billion primarily due to a $1.6\u00a0billion net unrealized gain on our Grab investment, a $1.6 billion unrealized gain on our Aurora Investments and a $991 million unrealized gain on our Zomato investment, partially offset by a $3.0 billion unrealized loss on our Didi investment. For additional information, see Note 3 \u2013 Investments and Fair Value Measurement included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nImpairment of debt and equity securities decreased by $1.7 billion due to nonoccurence of an impairment charge of $1.7 billion, primarily related to our investment in Didi recognized during the first quarter of 2020.\n57\nProvision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nProvision for (benefit from) income taxes\n$\n(192)\n$\n(492)\n(156)\n%\nEffective tax rate\n2.8\u00a0\n%\n48.0\u00a0\n%\n2021 Compared to 2020\nProvision for (benefit from) income taxes increased by $300\u00a0million primarily due to the deferred China and U.S. tax impact related to our investment in Didi and the deferred U.S. tax impact related to our investments in Aurora, Grab, and Zomato.\nLoss from Equity Method Investments\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nLoss from equity method investments\n$\n(34)\n$\n(37)\n9\u00a0\n%\nPercentage of revenue\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n2021 Compared to 2020\nLoss from equity method investments increased by an immaterial amount.\nSupplemental Disclosure Related to Restructuring and Related Charges\nDuring the second quarter of 2020, we initiated and completed certain restructuring activities in order to reduce our overall cost structure in response to the economic challenges and uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business. We also exited the JUMP business and incurred costs related to site closures, asset impairments and write-offs. As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized $362 million in total restructuring and related charges in the consolidated statement of operations. Total restructuring and related charges included $248 million of cash settled charges, primarily for severance and other termination benefits. The remaining costs related to these restructuring activities are expected to be immaterial.\nThese activities were designed to generate an aggregate cost savings of at least $1.0 billion annually when compared to our original fourth quarter 2020 planned cost structure, with the largest component of savings resulting from reductions in workforce. We do not believe these cost-saving measures will impair our ability to conduct any of our key business functions. As of December 31, 2021, we achieved these aggregate cost savings when compared to our original fourth quarter 2020 planned cost structure. Refer to Note 20 \u2013 Restructuring and Related Charges in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nSegment Results of Operations\nWe operate our business as three operating and reportable segments: Mobility, Delivery, and Freight. For additional information about our segments, see Note 14 \u2013 Segment Information and Geographic Information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nRevenue\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nMobility\n$\n6,089\u00a0\n$\n6,953\u00a0\n14\u00a0\n%\nDelivery\n3,904\u00a0\n8,362\u00a0\n114\u00a0\n%\nFreight\n1,011\u00a0\n2,132\u00a0\n111\u00a0\n%\nAll Other \n(1)\n135\u00a0\n8\u00a0\n(94)\n%\nTotal revenue\n$\n11,139\u00a0\n$\n17,455\u00a0\n57\u00a0\n%\n(1)\n Includes historical results of ATG and Other Technology Programs and New Mobility. Refer to Note 14 \u2013 Segment Information and Geographic Information and Note 19 \u2013 Divestitures for further information.\nSegment Adjusted EBITDA\nSegment Adjusted EBITDA is defined as revenue less the following expenses: cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, operations and support, sales and marketing, and general and administrative and research and development expenses associated with our segments. Segment adjusted EBITDA also excludes non-cash items, certain transactions that are not indicative of ongoing segment operating performance and/or items that management does not believe are reflective of our ongoing core operations. \n58\nFor additional information, see Note 14 \u2013 Segment Information and Geographic Information to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nYear Ended December 31,\n2020 to 2021 % Change\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\nMobility\n$\n1,169\u00a0\n$\n1,596\u00a0\n37\u00a0\n%\nDelivery\n(873)\n(348)\n60\u00a0\n%\nFreight\n(227)\n(130)\n43\u00a0\n%\nAll Other \n(1)\n(461)\n(11)\n98\u00a0\n%\nCorporate G&A and Platform R&D \n(2), (3)\n(2,136)\n(1,881)\n12\u00a0\n%\nAdjusted EBITDA \n(4)\n$\n(2,528)\n$\n(774)\n69\u00a0\n%\n(1\n)\n Includes historical results of ATG and Other Technology Programs and New Mobility. Refer to Note 14 \u2013 Segment Information and Geographic Information and Note 19 \u2013 Divestitures for further information regarding the sale of our ATG Business.\n(2\n)\n \nExcluding stock-based compensation expense.\n(3) \nIncludes costs that are not directly attributable to our reportable segments. Corporate G&A also includes certain shared costs such as finance, accounting, tax, human resources, information technology and legal costs. Platform R&D also includes mapping and payment technologies and support and development of the internal technology infrastructure. Our allocation methodology is periodically evaluated and may change.\n(4)\n See the section titled \u201cReconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures\u201d for more information and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.\nMobility Segment\nFor the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, Mobility revenue increased $864 million, or 14% and Mobility adjusted EBITDA profit increased $427 million, or 37%.\nMobility revenue increased primarily attributable to an increase in Mobility Gross Bookings due to increases in Trip volumes as the business recovers from the impacts of COVID-19. Mobility Take Rate was 19.0%, down from 22.9% compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due to an increase in Mobility Driver incentives, as Mobility Driver additions have been outpaced by higher demand recovery in the U.S. and other markets.\nMobility adjusted EBITDA profit increased primarily attributable to an increase in Mobility revenue, partially offset by variable costs attributable to the overall growth of the business.\nDelivery Segment\nFor the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, Delivery revenue increased $4.5 billion, or 114% and Delivery adjusted EBITDA loss improved $525 million, or 60%.\nDelivery revenue increased primarily attributable to an increase in Delivery Gross Bookings of 66%, on a constant currency basis, driven by an increase in food delivery orders and higher basket sizes as a result of stay-at-home demand related to COVID-19, combined with continued expansion across U.S. and international markets. Take Rate improved to 16.2% from 12.9% compared to the same period in 2020 driven by a decrease in incentive spend combined with an overall improvement in basket sizes. Additionally, we saw an increase in Delivery revenue and Take Rate resulting from an increase in certain Courier payments and incentives that are recorded in cost of revenue, where we are primarily responsible for delivery services and pay Couriers for services provided.\nDelivery adjusted EBITDA loss improved, primarily attributable to an increase in Delivery revenue, partially offset by a $2.6 billion increase in cost of revenue as well as a $710 million increase in consumer promotions, brand marketing, and employee headcount costs.\nFreight Segment\nFor the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, Freight revenue increased $1.1 billion, or 111% and Freight adjusted EBITDA loss improved $97 million, or 43%.\nFreight revenue increased primarily \nattributable to the acquisition of Transplace in the fourth quarter of 2021. Additionally, the increase in Freight revenue is also driven by the \ngrowth in the number of shippers and carriers on the network combined with an increase in volumes with our top shippers.\nFreight adjusted EBITDA loss improved, primarily attributable to a $135 million improvement in gross profit as a result of increased load margins, partially offset by an increase in employee headcount costs.\n59\nAll Other \nFor the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, All Other revenue decreased $127 million, or 94% and All Other adjusted EBITDA loss improved $450 million, or 98%.\nAll Other revenue and All Other adjusted EBITDA loss improved primarily due \nto the favorable impact of the sale of our ATG Business in the first quarter of 2021 and the JUMP Divestiture in the second quarter of 2020.\nCertain Key Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures\nAdjusted \nEBITDA and revenue growth rates in constant currency are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information about how we use these non-GAAP financial measures in our business, the limitations of these measures, and reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, see the section titled \u201cReconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures.\u201d\nMonthly Active Platform Consumers.\n MAPCs is the number of unique consumers who completed a Mobility or New Mobility ride or received a Delivery order on our platform at least once in a given month, averaged over each month in the quarter. While a unique consumer can use multiple product offerings on our platform in a given month, that unique consumer is counted as only one MAPC. We use MAPCs to assess the adoption of our platform and frequency of transactions, which are key factors in our penetration of the countries in which we operate.\nTrips. \nWe define Trips as the number of completed consumer Mobility or New Mobility rides and Delivery orders in a given period. For example, an UberPOOL ride with three paying consumers represents three unique Trips, whereas an UberX ride with three passengers represents one Trip. We believe that Trips are a useful metric to measure the scale and usage of our platform.\n60\nGross Bookings. \nWe define Gross Bookings as the total dollar value, including any applicable taxes, tolls, and fees, of: Mobility and New Mobility rides; Delivery orders (in each case without any adjustment for consumer discounts and refunds); Driver and Merchant earnings; Driver incentives; and Freight revenue. Gross Bookings do not include tips earned by Drivers. Gross Bookings are an indication of the scale of our current platform, which ultimately impacts revenue. \n(In millions)\n\u00a0Q1 2020\nQ2 2020\nQ3 2020\nQ4 2020\nQ1 2021\nQ2 2021\nQ3 2021\nQ4 2021\nMobility\n$\n10,874\u00a0\n$\n3,046\u00a0\n$\n5,905\u00a0\n$\n6,789\u00a0\n$\n6,773\u00a0\n$\n8,640\u00a0\n$\n9,883\u00a0\n$\n11,340\u00a0\nDelivery\n4,683\u00a0\n6,961\u00a0\n8,550\u00a0\n10,050\u00a0\n12,461\u00a0\n12,912\u00a0\n12,828\u00a0\n13,444\u00a0\nFreight\n198\u00a0\n212\u00a0\n290\u00a0\n313\u00a0\n302\u00a0\n348\u00a0\n402\u00a0\n1,082\u00a0\nAll Other\n21\u00a0\n5\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nTake Rate\n is defined as revenue as a percentage of Gross Bookings.\nAdjusted EBITDA.\n See the section titled \u201cReconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures\u201d for our definition and a reconciliation of net loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc. to Adjusted EBITDA.\nYear Ended December 31,\n(In millions, except percentages)\n2020\n2021\n2020 to 2021 % Change\nAdjusted EBITDA\n$\n(2,528)\n$\n(774)\n69\u00a0\n%\n2021 Compared to 2020\nAdjusted EBITDA loss improved $1.8 billion, or 69%, primarily attributable to a $525 million improvement in Delivery Adjusted EBITDA loss, a $427 million increase in Mobility Adjusted EBITDA, a $255 million decrease in Corporate G&A and Platform R&D costs as well as the favorable impact of $450 million in our other business offerings driven by the sale of our ATG Business in the first quarter of 2021 and the JUMP Divestiture that occurred in the second quarter of 2020.\nReconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures\nWe collect and analyze operating and financial data to evaluate the health of our business and assess our performance. In addition to revenue, net income (loss), income (loss) from operations, and other results under GAAP, we use Adjusted EBITDA and revenue growth rates in constant currency, which are described below, to evaluate our business. We have included these\u00a0non-GAAP\u00a0financial measures because they are key measures used by our management to evaluate our operating performance. Accordingly, we believe that these\u00a0non-GAAP\u00a0financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team and board of directors. Our calculation of these\u00a0non-GAAP\u00a0financial measures may differ from similarly-titled\u00a0non-GAAP\u00a0measures, if any, reported by our peer companies. These\u00a0non-GAAP\u00a0financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitutes for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.\nAdjusted EBITDA\nWe define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), excluding (i) income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, (ii) net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests, net of tax, (iii)\u00a0provision for (benefit from) income taxes, (iv) income (loss) from equity method investments, (v) interest expense, (vi) other income (expense), net, (vii) depreciation and amortization, (viii) stock-based compensation expense, (ix) certain legal, tax, and regulatory reserve changes and settlements, (x) goodwill and asset \n61\nimpairments/loss on sale of assets, (xi) acquisition, financing and divestitures related expenses, (xii) restructuring and related charges and (xiii) other items not indicative of our ongoing operating performance, including COVID-19 response initiatives related payments for financial assistance to Drivers personally impacted by COVID-19, the cost of personal protective equipment distributed to Drivers, Driver reimbursement for their cost of purchasing personal protective equipment, the costs related to free rides and food deliveries to healthcare workers, seniors, and others in need as well as charitable donations.\nWe have included Adjusted EBITDA in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because it is a key measure used by our management team to evaluate our operating performance, generate future operating plans, and make strategic decisions, including those relating to operating expenses. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team and board of directors. In addition, it provides a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business, as it removes the effect of certain non-cash expenses and certain variable charges. To help our board, management and investors assess the impact of COVID-19 on our results of operations, we are excluding the impacts of COVID-19 response initiatives related payments for financial assistance to Drivers personally impacted by COVID-19, the cost of personal protective equipment distributed to Drivers, Driver reimbursement for their cost of purchasing personal protective equipment, the costs related to free rides and food deliveries to healthcare workers, seniors, and others in need as well as charitable donations from Adjusted EBITDA. Our board and management find the exclusion of the impact of these COVID-19 response initiatives from Adjusted EBITDA to be useful because it allows us and our investors to assess the impact of these response initiatives on our results of operations.\nCOVID-19 Response Initiatives\nTo support those whose earning opportunities have been depressed as a result of COVID-19, as well as communities hit hard by the pandemic, we have announced and implemented several initiatives, including, in particular, payments for financial assistance to Drivers personally impacted by COVID-19, the cost of personal protective equipment distributed to Drivers, Driver reimbursement for their cost of purchasing personal protective equipment, the costs related to free rides and food deliveries to healthcare workers, seniors, and others in need as well as charitable donations. The payments for financial assistance to Drivers personally impacted by COVID-19 and Driver reimbursement for their cost of purchasing personal protective equipment are recorded as a reduction to revenue. The cost of personal protective equipment distributed to Drivers, the costs related to free rides and food deliveries to healthcare workers, seniors, and others in need as well as charitable donations are recorded as an expense in our costs and expenses.\nLimitations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation\nAdjusted EBITDA has limitations as a financial measure, should be considered as supplemental in nature, and is not meant as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. These limitations include the following:\n\u2022\nAdjusted EBITDA excludes certain recurring, non-cash charges, such as depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets, and although these are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect all cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements;\n\u2022\nAdjusted EBITDA excludes certain restructuring and related charges, part of which may be settled in cash;\n\u2022\nAdjusted EBITDA excludes stock-based compensation expense, which has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy;\n\u2022\nAdjusted EBITDA excludes other items not indicative of our ongoing operating performance, including COVID-19 response initiatives related payments for financial assistance to Drivers personally impacted by COVID-19, the cost of personal protective equipment distributed to Drivers, Driver reimbursement for their cost of purchasing personal protective equipment, the costs related to free rides and food deliveries to healthcare workers, seniors, and others in need as well as charitable donations;\n\u2022\nAdjusted EBITDA does not reflect period to period changes in taxes, income tax expense or the cash necessary to pay income taxes;\n\u2022\nAdjusted EBITDA does not reflect the components of other income (expense), net, which primarily includes: interest income; foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net; gain (loss) on business divestitures, net; and unrealized gain (loss) on debt and equity securities, net; and impairment of debt and equity securities; and\n\u2022\nAdjusted EBITDA excludes certain legal, tax, and regulatory reserve changes and settlements that may reduce cash available to us.\n62\n\u00a0\nThe following table presents a reconciliation of net loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc., the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated:\nYear Ended December 31,\n(In millions)\n2020\n2021\nAdjusted EBITDA reconciliation:\nNet loss attributable to Uber Technologies, Inc.\n$\n(6,768)\n$\n(496)\nAdd (deduct):\nNet loss attributable to non-controlling interests, net of tax\n(20)\n(74)\nProvision for (benefit from) income taxes\n(192)\n(492)\nLoss from equity method investments\n34\u00a0\n37\u00a0\nInterest expense\n458\u00a0\n483\u00a0\nOther (income) expense, net\n1,625\u00a0\n(3,292)\nDepreciation and amortization\n575\u00a0\n902\u00a0\nStock-based compensation expense\n827\u00a0\n1,168\u00a0\nLegal, tax, and regulatory reserve changes and settlements\n(35)\n526\u00a0\nGoodwill and asset impairments/loss on sale of assets\n317\u00a0\n157\u00a0\nAcquisition, financing and divestitures related expenses\n86\u00a0\n102\u00a0\nAccelerated lease costs related to cease-use of ROU assets\n102\u00a0\n5\u00a0\nCOVID-19 response initiatives\n106\u00a0\n54\u00a0\nGain on lease arrangement, net\n(5)\n\u2014\u00a0\nRestructuring and related charges, net\n362\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nLegacy auto insurance transfer \n(1)\n\u2014\u00a0\n103\u00a0\nMass arbitration fees\n\u2014\u00a0\n43\u00a0\nAdjusted EBITDA\n$\n(2,528)\n$\n(774)\n(1\n)\n For further information, refer to Note 1 \u2013 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nConstant Currency\nWe compare the percent change in\u00a0our\u00a0current period\u00a0results\u00a0from\u00a0the corresponding prior period\u00a0using constant currency disclosure. We present constant currency growth rate information to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying\u00a0revenue performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations.\u00a0We calculate constant currency by translating our current period financial results using the corresponding prior period\u2019s monthly exchange rates for our transacted currencies other than the U.S. dollar. \nLiquidity and Capital Resources\nYear Ended December 31,\n(In millions)\n2020\n2021\nNet cash used in operating activities\n$\n(2,745)\n$\n(445)\nNet cash used in investing activities\n(2,869)\n(1,201)\nNet cash provided by financing activities\n1,379\u00a0\n1,780\u00a0\nOperating Activities\nNet cash used in operating activities was $445 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily consisting of $570 million of net loss, adjusted for certain non-cash items, which primarily included $1.7 billion in gain on business divestitures, $1.2 billion of stock-based compensation expense, $1.1 billion of unrealized gain on debt and equity securities, $413 million of gain from sale of investments, depreciation and amortization expense of $902 million, as well as a $477 million decrease in cash consumed by working capital. The decrease in cash consumed by working capital and other operating activities was primarily driven by an increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities, an increase in our insurance reserves, partially offset by higher accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and lower operating lease liabilities. Net cash used in operating activities also reflects a $1.0 billion cash inflow related to a legacy auto insurance transfer. For additional information on the legacy auto insurance transfer, see Note 1 \u2013 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\n63\nNet cash used in operating activities was $2.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020 , primarily consisting of $6.8 billion of net loss, adjusted for certain non-cash items, which primarily included $1.7 billion in impairment of non-marketable equity securities, $827 million of stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense of $575 million, $404 million in impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets and other assets, as well as a $393 million decrease in cash consumed by working capital. The decrease in cash consumed by working capital and other operating activities was primarily driven by a decrease in our operating lease right-of-use assets, prepaid expenses and other assets and increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities, partially offset by lower accounts payable and operating lease liabilities.\nInvesting Activities\nNet cash used in investing activities was $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily consisting of $2.3 billion in acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired, $1.1 billion in purchases of marketable securities, $982 million in purchases of non-marketable equity securities, $297 million in purchases of notes receivable, and $298 million in purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities of $2.3 billion, proceeds from the sale of equity method investments of $1.0 billion and proceeds from sale of non-marketable equity securities of $500 million.\nNet cash used in investing activities was $2.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily consisting of $2.1 billion in purchases of marketable securities, $1.5 billion in acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired and $616 million in purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities of $1.4 billion.\nFinancing Activities\nNet cash provided by financing activities was $1.8 billion\u00a0for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily consisting of $1.5 billion of proceeds from issuance of notes, net of issuance cost, $675 million of proceeds from the issuance and sale of subsidiary preferred stock units, partially offset by $307 million of principal repayment on the non-interest bearing unsecured convertible notes related to the acquisition of Careem (\u201cCareem Notes\u201d) and $226 million principal payments on finance leases.\nNet cash provided by financing activities was $1.4 billion\u00a0for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily consisting of $2.6 billion of proceeds from issuance of notes, net of issuance costs and $247 million of proceeds from issuance of subsidiary preferred stock units, partially offset by $891 million of principal repayment on Careem Notes and $527 million of principal repayment on term loan and notes.\nOther Information\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, $2.2 billion of our $4.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. Cash held outside the United States may be repatriated, subject to certain limitations, and would be available to be used to fund our domestic operations. Repatriation of funds may result in immaterial tax liabilities. We believe that our existing cash balance in the United States is sufficient to fund our working capital needs in the United States. We are in compliance with our debt and line of credit covenants as of December\u00a031, 2021, including by meeting our reporting obligations. We also believe that our sources of funding and our available line of credit will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, collateral requirements, potential acquisitions, potential prepayments of contested indirect tax assessments (\u201cpay-to-play\u201d), and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. We intend to continue to evaluate and may, in certain circumstances, take preemptive action to preserve liquidity during the COVID-19 pandemic. As the circumstances around the COVID-19 pandemic remain uncertain, we continue to actively monitor the pandemic's impact to us worldwide including our financial position, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows.\nPurchase Commitments\nWe have non-cancelable commitments for network and cloud services, background checks, and other items in the ordinary course of business. These amounts are determined based on the non-cancelable quantities or termination amounts to which we are contractually obligated. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we had $394 million in non-cancelable commitments, with varying expiration terms through December\u00a015, 2026.\nCritical Accounting Estimates\nWe believe that the following accounting policies involve a high degree of judgment and complexity and are critical to understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of our operations. An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires judgment on a significant accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures in our audited consolidated financial statements. We have based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Although we believe that the estimates we use are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results reported in future periods could differ from those estimates.\n64\nWe believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For additional information, see the disclosure included in Note 1 \u2013 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nRevenue Recognition\nWe derive our revenue principally from service fees paid by Drivers and Merchants for the use of our platform in connection with our Mobility products and Delivery offering provided by Drivers and Merchants to end-users. Our sole performance obligation in the transaction is to connect Drivers and Merchants with end-users to facilitate the completion of a successful ridesharing trip or delivery. Because end-users access our platform for free, except in certain markets, and we have no performance obligation to end-users, end-users are not our customers.\nJudgment is required in evaluating the presentation of revenue on a gross versus net basis based on whether we control the service provided to the end-user and are the principal in the transaction (gross), or we arrange for other parties to provide the service to the end-user and are the agent in the transaction (net). We have concluded that we are the agent in most markets as we arrange for Drivers and Merchants to provide the service to the end user in Mobility and Delivery transactions. The assessment of whether we are considered the principal or the agent in a transaction could impact the accounting for certain payments and incentives provided to Drivers and end-users and change the timing and amount of revenue recognized.\nIn certain markets, consumers have the option to pay Drivers cash for trips, and we generally collect our service fee from Drivers for these trips by offsetting against any other amounts due to Drivers, including Driver incentives. We have concluded collectability of such amounts is not probable until collected. As such, uncollected service fees for cash trips are not recognized as revenue in our consolidated financial statements until collected.\nDriver Incentives\nWe offer various incentive programs to Drivers. Judgment is required to determine the appropriate classification of these incentives. Incentives provided to customers are recorded as a reduction of revenue if we do not receive a distinct service in exchange or cannot reasonably estimate the fair value of the service received. Incentives offered in exchange for specific services, such as referral services are recorded as sales and marketing expenses.\nEnd-User Discounts and Promotions\nWe offer discounts and promotions to end-users (that are not customers) to encourage use of our platform. Judgment is required to determine the appropriate classification of these incentives. End-user discounts and promotions are recorded to sales and marketing expenses with the exception of market-wide promotions which are recorded as a reduction of revenue.\nBusiness Combinations\nWe allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired advertiser, fleet, merchant, and end-user contracts, acquired technology, and trade names, based on expected future growth rates and margins, attrition rates, future changes in technology and royalty for similar brand licenses, useful lives, and discount rates.\nManagement's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Allocation of purchase consideration to identifiable assets and liabilities affects our amortization expense, as acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the useful life, whereas any indefinite lived intangible assets, including goodwill, are not amortized. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.\nEmbedded Derivatives\nDuring 2015, we had issued convertible notes that contain embedded features subject to derivative accounting. These embedded features are composed of conversion options that have the economic characteristics of a contingent early redemption feature settled in shares of our stock rather than cash, because the total number of shares of our common stock delivered to settle these embedded features will have a fixed value. These conversion options are bifurcated from the underlying instrument and accounted for and valued separately from the host instrument. Embedded derivatives are recognized as derivative liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated fair value and recognize changes in their estimated fair value in other income (expense), net in our consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the period of change.\nWe value these embedded derivatives as the difference between the estimated value of these convertible notes with and without the Qualified Initial Public Offering (\u201cQIPO\u201d) conversion option (\u201cQIPO Conversion Option\u201d). The fair value of these convertible \n65\nnotes with and without the QIPO Conversion Option is estimated utilizing a discounted cash flow model to discount the expected payoffs at various potential QIPO dates to the valuation date. The key inputs to the valuation model include the probability of a QIPO occurring at various points in time and the discount yield, which was derived by imputing the fair value as equal to the face value on the issuance date of these convertible notes. The discount rate is updated during each period to reflect the yield of a comparable instrument issued as of the valuation date. \nUpon closing of the IPO in May 2019, holders of these convertible notes elected to convert all outstanding notes into shares of common stock. For additional information, refer to Note 11 - Stockholders' Equity included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nInvestments\u2014Non-Marketable Equity and Debt Securities\nWe hold investments in privately held companies in the form of equity securities and debt securities without readily determinable fair values and in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence. Investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values are initially recorded at cost and are subsequently adjusted to fair value for impairments and price changes from observable transactions in the same or a similar security from the same issuer. Investments in material available-for-sale debt securities are recorded initially at fair value and subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date with the changes in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. We may elect the fair value option for financial instruments and account for investments in debt and equity securities at fair value with changes reported in net income (loss) from continuing operations.\nInvestments in privately held equity and debt securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in inactive markets. This valuation requires judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity and are classified as Level\u00a03 in the fair value hierarchy. In determining the estimated fair value of our investments in privately held companies, we utilize the most recent data available including observed transactions such as equity financing transactions of the investees and sales of the existing shares of the investees\u2019 securities. In addition, the determination of whether an observed transaction is similar to the equity and debt securities held by us requires significant management judgment based on the rights and preferences of the securities.\nWe assess our investment portfolio of privately held equity and debt securities quarterly for impairment. The impairment analysis for investments in equity securities includes a qualitative analysis of factors including the investee\u2019s financial performance, industry and market conditions, and other relevant factors. If an equity investment is considered to be impaired we will establish a new carrying value for the investment and recognize an impairment loss through our consolidated statement of operations. Investments in debt securities are evaluated for impairment quarterly based on whether its fair value has declined below its amortized cost. In circumstances where we intend to sell, or are more likely than not required to sell the security before it recovers its amortized cost basis, the difference between the fair value and amortized cost is recognized as a loss in the consolidated financial statement of operations, with a corresponding write-down of the security\u2019s amortized cost. In circumstances where neither condition exists, we then evaluate whether a decline is due to credit-related factors. The factors considered in determining whether a credit loss exists can include the extent to which fair value is less than the amortized cost basis, changes in the credit quality of the underlying loan obligors, credit ratings actions, as well as other factors. To determine the portion of a decline in fair value that is credit-related, we compare the present value of the expected cash flows of the security discounted at the security\u2019s effective interest rate to the amortized cost basis of the security. A credit-related impairment is limited to the difference between fair value and amortized cost, and recognized as an allowance for credit loss on the consolidated balance sheet with a corresponding adjustment to net income (loss). Any remaining decline in fair value that is non-credit related is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. Improvements in expected cash flows due to improvements in credit are recognized through reversal of the credit loss and corresponding reduction in the allowance for credit loss.\nEquity Method Investments\nWe account for investments in the common stock or in-substance common stock of entities that provide us with the ability to exercise significant influence, but not a controlling financial interest, using the equity method. Investments accounted for under the equity method are initially recorded at cost. Subsequently, we recognize through the consolidated statements of operations, and as an adjustment to the investment balance, our proportionate share of the investee entities\u2019 net income or loss, and the amortization of basis differences. In accounting for these investments, we record our share of the entities\u2019 net income or loss one quarter in arrears. Equity method investments for which the fair value option is elected are measured at fair value on a recurring basis with changes in fair value reflected in earnings.\nWe review our equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investment may not be fully recoverable. Qualitative and quantitative factors considered as indicators of a potential impairment include financial results and operating trends of the investees, implied values in transactions of the investee\u2019s securities, severity and length of decline in value, and our intention for holding the investment, among other factors. If an impairment is determined to be other-than-temporary, the fair value of the impaired investment would have to be determined and an impairment charge recorded for the difference between the fair value and the carrying value of the investment. The fair value determination, particularly for investments in privately held companies, requires significant judgment to determine appropriate estimates and \n66\nassumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could affect the calculation of the fair value of the investments and the determination of the impairment charges.\nGoodwill Impairment Assessment\nWe review goodwill for impairment annually (in the fourth quarter) and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. We make certain judgments and assumptions to determine our reporting units and in allocating shared assets and liabilities to determine the carrying values for each of our reporting units. Determination of reporting units is based on a judgmental evaluation of the level at which our segment managers review financial results, evaluate performance, and allocate resources.\nJudgment in the assessment of qualitative factors of impairment include, among other factors: financial performance; legal, regulatory, contractual, political, business, and other factors; entity specific factors; industry and market considerations, macroeconomic conditions, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting unit. To the extent we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is then performed.\nPerforming a quantitative goodwill impairment test includes the determination of the fair value of a reporting unit and involves significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include, among others, revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, and the determination of appropriate market comparables.\nLoss Contingencies\nWe are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, indirect tax examinations, or government inquiries and investigations that may arise in the ordinary course of business. Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated, we disclose the possible loss in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.\nWe review the developments in our contingencies that could affect the amount of the provisions that have been previously recorded, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed. We make adjustments to our provisions and changes to our disclosures accordingly to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and updated information. Significant judgment is required to determine both the probability and the estimated amount of loss. These estimates have been based on our assessment of the facts and circumstances at each balance sheet date and are subject to change based on new information and future events.\nThe outcomes of litigation, indirect tax examinations and investigations are inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these matters were resolved against us for amounts in excess of management\u2019s expectations, our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, including in a particular reporting period in which any such outcome becomes probable and estimable, could be materially adversely affected.\nIncome Taxes\nWe are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. The establishment of deferred tax assets from intra-entity transfers of intangible assets requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions to determine the fair value of such intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing intangible assets may include, but are not necessarily limited to, internal revenue and expense forecasts, the estimated life of the intangible assets, comparable transaction values, and/or discount rates. The discount rates used to discount expected future cash flows to present value are derived from a weighted-average cost of capital analysis and are adjusted to reflect the inherent risks related to the cash flow. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable and appropriate, they are based, in part, on historical experience, internal and external comparable data and are inherently uncertain. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that could affect either the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.\nWe account for uncertainty in tax positions by recognizing a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions when it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination. Evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes are inherently uncertain and require making judgments, assumptions, and estimates. While we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences may impact the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made.\nThe provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves as well as the related net interest and penalties. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.\n67\nInsurance Reserves\nWe use a combination of third-party insurance and self-insurance mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, to provide for the potential liabilities for certain risks, including auto liability, uninsured and underinsured motorist, auto physical damage, general liability, and workers\u2019 compensation. The insurance reserves is an estimate of our potential liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, which represents the estimate of the ultimate unpaid obligation for risks retained by us and includes an amount for case reserves related to reported claims and an amount for losses incurred but not reported as of the balance sheet date. The estimate of the ultimate unpaid obligation utilizes generally accepted actuarial methods applied to historical claim and loss experience. In addition, we use assumptions based on actuarial judgment related to claim and loss development patterns and expected loss costs, which consider frequency trends, severity trends, and relevant industry data. These reserves are continually reviewed and adjusted as experience develops and new information becomes known. Adjustments, if any, relating to accidents that occurred in prior years are reflected in the current year results of operations.\nAll estimates of ultimate losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses, and of resulting reserves, are subject to inherent variability caused by the nature of the insurance claim settlement process. Such variability is increased for us due to limited historical experience and the nature of the coverage provided. Actual results depend upon the outcome of future contingent events and can be affected by many factors, such as claim settlement processes and changes in the economic, legal, and social environments. As a result, the net amounts that will ultimately be paid to settle the liability, and when these amounts will be paid, may vary in the near term from the estimated amounts.\nWhile management believes that the insurance reserve amount is adequate, the ultimate liability may be in excess of, or less than, the amount provided.\nStock-Based Compensation\nWe have granted stock-based awards consisting primarily of stock options, restricted common stock, RSUs, warrants, and SARs to employees, members of our board of directors and non-employees. The substantial majority of our stock-based awards have been made to employees. The majority of our outstanding RSUs, as well as certain options, SARs, and shares of restricted common stock, contain a service-based vesting condition. A small portion of the awards contains service-based vesting condition as well as performance-based vesting condition and/or market-based vesting condition. The service-based vesting condition for the majority of these awards is satisfied over four years. The performance-based vesting condition is satisfied upon meeting predetermined targets of certain financial and operation metrics. The market-based vesting condition is satisfied upon reaching predetermined targets of fully diluted equity values. \nWe account for stock-based employee compensation under the fair value recognition and measurement provisions, in accordance with applicable accounting standards, which requires compensation expense for the grant-date fair value of stock-based awards to be recognized over the requisite service period. We account for forfeitures when they occur.\nWe have elected to use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options, warrants, and SARs on the grant date. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires certain subjective inputs and assumptions, including the fair value of our common stock, the expected term, risk-free interest rates, expected stock price volatility, and expected dividend yield of our common stock.\nThese assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, other than the fair value of our common stock, are estimated as follows:\n\u2022\nExpected term\n. We estimate the expected term based on the simplified method for employees and on the contractual term for non-employees.\n\u2022\nRisk-free interest rate\n. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.\n\u2022\nExpected volatility\n. We estimate the volatility of our common stock on the date of grant based on the weighted-average historical stock price volatility of our own common shares within the same length of period as the expected term. Where, in some cases, our common share trading history is shorter than the expected term, we consider comparable publicly-traded companies in our industry group.\n\u2022\nExpected dividend yield\n. Expected dividend yield is zero percent, as we have not paid and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock.\nWe continue to use judgment in evaluating the expected volatility and expected term utilized in our stock-based compensation expense calculation on a prospective basis. As we continue to accumulate additional data related to our common stock, we may refine our estimates of expected volatility and expected term, which could materially impact our future stock-based compensation expense.\nRecent Accounting Pronouncements \nSee Note 1 \u2013 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, \u201cFinancial Statements and Supplementary Data,\u201d of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\n68", "item7a": ">ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK\nWe are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate risk, investment risk, and foreign currency risk as follows:\nInterest Rate Risk\nOur exposures to market risk for changes in interest rates relate primarily to our 2025 Refinanced Term Loan and 2027 Refinanced Term Loan Facilities. The 2025 and 2027 Refinanced Term Loan Facilities represent floating rate notes and are carried at amortized cost. Therefore, fluctuations in interest rates will impact our consolidated financial statements. A rising interest rate environment will increase the amount of interest paid on these loans. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial results.\nThe fair value of our fixed rate notes will generally fluctuate with movements of interest rates, increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have decreased the fair value of our notes by $317 million as of December\u00a031, 2021.\nInvestment Risk \nOur investment policy objective aims to preserve capital and meet liquidity requirements without significantly increasing risk. We had cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash and cash equivalents totaling $7.4 billion and $7.8 billion as of December\u00a031, 2020 and December\u00a031, 2021, respectively. We did not have any marketable debt securities classified as short-term investments as of December\u00a031, 2021. Our cash and cash equivalents consist of money market funds and cash deposits. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Investments in fixed rate securities carry a degree of interest rate risk. Changes in rates would primarily impact interest income due to the relatively short-term nature of our investments. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial results.\nWe are exposed to certain risk related to the carrying amounts of investments in other companies, including our minority-owned, privately-held affiliates and recently public companies, compared to their fair value. We hold privately held investments in illiquid private company stock which are inherently difficult to value given the lack of publicly available information. We also hold equity securities with readily determinable fair values which are subject to equity price risk. These investments in privately-held affiliates and recently public companies may increase the volatility in our net income/(loss) in future periods due to changes in the fair value of these investments. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. As of December\u00a031, 2021, the carrying value of our investments was $12.6 billion, including equity method investments.\nForeign Currency Risk\nWe transact business globally in multiple currencies. Our international revenue, as well as costs and expenses denominated in foreign currencies, expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. We are exposed to foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates may negatively affect our future revenue and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars. Our foreign currency risk is partially mitigated as our revenue recognized in currencies other than the U.S. dollar is diversified across geographic regions and we incur expenses in the same currencies in such regions.\nWe have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income/(loss) as a result of transaction gains or (losses) related to remeasurement of our asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. Foreign currency rates may also impact the value of our equity method investment in our Yandex.Taxi joint venture. At this time, we do not, but we may in the future, enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk.\n69", "companyName": "UBER TEC", "cusip": "90353T100"}