{"item1": ">Item 1. Business\nOverview\nOur Business\nHosting Operation\nWe design, build, and operate Next-Gen datacenters which are designed to provide massive computing power and support high-compute applications.  Initially, these datacenters will primarily host servers securing the Bitcoin network but can also host hardware for other applications such as artificial intelligence, machine learning and other blockchain networks in the future. We have a colocation business model where our customers place hardware they own into our facilities and we provide full operational and maintenance services for a monthly recurring fee. We \n4\ntypically enter into long term contracts with our customers.\nWe purchased property in North Dakota on which we constructed our first co-hosting facility. We entered into an Amended and Restated Energy Services Agreement for the purpose of supplying 100 megawatts (\"MW\") of electricity to be used by our co-hosting customers at this facility. We also entered into agreements with five customers (JointHash Holding Limited (a subsidiary of GMR), Spring Mud (a subsidiary of GMR), Bitmain Technologies Limited, F2Pool Mining, Inc. and Hashing LLC, ) which are expected to utilize the total available energy under the Amended and Restated Energy Services Agreement at our first facility and 85MW of energy at our second facility, once it is built and able to provide such energy. The company pays for energy from part of the revenue from customers.\nWorking with expert advisors in the fields of power, crypto mining operations, procurement, and construction, we have designed a plan for a prefabricated facility and organization within the facility that can be delivered and installed quickly and maximize performance and efficiency of the facility and our customers\u2019 crypto mining equipment. Construction of our first co-hosting facility began in September 2021. On February 2, 2022, we brought our first facility online. It is now fully operational.\nOn November 24, 2021, we entered into a letter of intent to develop a second datacenter facility. On April 13, 2022, the Company entered into a 99-year ground lease in Garden City, TX, with the intent to build our second datacenter facility on this site.  On April 25, 2022 the Company began construction on this site. This facility is collocated with a wind farm and upon completion is expected to provide 200 MW of power to hosting customers. The facility is expected to begin operating in calendar Q4 of 2022 and the 200 MW capacity is fully contracted with our customers.\nOn January 6, 2022, we and Antpool, an affiliate of Bitmain Technologies Holding Company, entered into a Limited Liability Company Agreement of 1.21 Gigawatts, LLC (\"1.21 Gigawatts\"), pursuant to which we and Antpool contributed $8,000 and $2,000, respectively, and will initially own 80% and 20%, respectively, of 1.21 Gigawatts. 1.21 Gigawatts will develop, acquire, construct, finance, operate, maintain and own one or more Next-Gen datacenters with up to 1.5 gigawatts (\"GW\") of capacity for hosting blockchain infrastructure. We are the managing member of 1.21 Gigawatts and are primarily responsible for all site development, construction and the eventual operations of the datacenters. However, certain activities of 1.21 Gigawatts and its subsidiaries require the vote of 90% of the then outstanding units of each such entity. As long as Antpool owns 10% or more of the total issued and outstanding units of 1.21 Gigawatts, Antpool may appoint an individual with industry expertise to serve as an advisor to 1.21 Gigawatts. 1.21 Gigawatts will pay fees to such advisor as reasonably determined by us as managing member. Transfers by members of units of 1.21 Gigawatts are prohibited without approval of 90% of units then outstanding, which consent may be granted or withheld for any reason, and transfers of such units to non-affiliates, after obtaining consent, are subject to a right of first refusal of the other members to purchase some or all of such units. Additionally, Antpool has the right at any time to convert all or any portion of its 1.21 Gigawatts units into a number of shares of our common stock. The number of shares that Antpool may convert is equal to the capital contributions of 1.21 Gigawatts made by Antpool divided by $7.50, which will result in an increase in our ownership percentage of 1.21 Gigawatts.  \nAs our co-hosting operations expand, we believe our business structure will become conducive to a REIT structure, comparable to Digital Realty Trust (NYSE: DLR) and Equinix, Inc. (NASDAQ: EQIX), each of which is a traditional datacenter operator, and Innovative Industrial Properties, Inc. (NYSE: IIPR), a specialty REIT that similarly services a new growth industry. We have begun to investigate the possibility, costs and benefits of converting to a REIT structure.  \nMining Operation\nOur initial mission was to quickly scale a large mining operation focused on Bitcoin and Ethereum (Ether). With a specialized algorithm and expertise provided by strategic partners and mining pool managers, we were able to mine the most profitable cryptoassets in the market and adjust in real-time. As a result of changes to Chinese regulations of cryptoasset mining, ultimately leading to the shut down on mining facilities in locations across  China, we were compelled to explore other co-hosting locations outside of China. By July 2021, we had entered into a co-hosting \n5\nagreement with Coinmint LLC, had our initial order of mining equipment delivered and installed at Coinmint's co-hosting facility, and began our mining operations. We also determined that constructing our own co-hosting facilities would enable us to generate a stable cash flow stream through long-term hosting agreements, lower the cost of power for our own mining operations, and eliminate risks to us of relying on a third-party host. \nDuring the development of our co-hosting operations, we determined that it would be beneficial to our stockholders to focus more of our resources on building our co-hosting operations than on expanding our mining operations. Accordingly, in December 2021, we began selling our crypto mining equipment. On March 9, 2022 we ceased all crypto mining operations and completed the sale of all crypto mining equipment in service. We have no plans to return to crypto mining operations in the future.\nCompany History\nApplied Blockchain, Inc. was incorporated in Nevada in May 2001 and conducted business under several names until July 2009, when we filed a Form 15 with the SEC to suspend the registration of our common stock and our obligations to file annual, quarterly and other periodic reports with the SEC in order to conserve financial and other resources for the continuing development and commercialization of our business.  Our common stock continued to trade on the OTC Pink Market. In 2021, we changed our name to Applied Blockchain, Inc. and began our current next-gen data center business. On February 2, 2022, we brought our first North Dakota facility online. It is now fully operational. In April 2022, we completed our initial public offering and our common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Global Select Market.\nOur Competitive Strengths\nPremier strategic partnerships with leading industry participants.\n \nIn March 2021, we executed a strategy planning and portfolio advisory services agreement (\u201cServices Agreement\u201d) with GMR Limited, a British Virgin Island limited liability company (\u201cGMR\u201d), Xsquared Holding Limited, a British Virgin Island limited liability company (\u201cSparkPool\u201d) and Valuefinder, a British Virgin Islands limited liability company (\u201cValuefinder\u201d) and, together with GMR and SparkPool, (the \u201cService Provider(s)\u201d). Jason Zhang, one of our board members, is the sole equity holder and manager of Valuefinder and a related party. Pursuant to the Services Agreement, the Service Providers agreed to provide cryptoasset mining management and analysis and to assist us in securing difficult to obtain equipment and we agreed to issue 7,440,148 shares of our common stock to GMR or its designees, 7,440,148 shares of our common stock to SparkPool or its designees and 3,156,426 shares of our common stock to Valuefinder or its designees. Each Service Provider has provided such services to us which services commenced in June 2021. Each of these Service Providers assisted in the creation of our crypto mining operations, which we then terminated on March 9, 2022. Each of them also advised us in connection with the design and buildout of our co-hosting operations. GMR and SparkPool have since become customers of our co-hosting operations. As of June 2022, SparkPool ceased all operations and is no longer in a position to provide services under the Services Agreement. On June 2, 2022, SparkPool forfeited 4,965,432 shares of our common stock back to us.\nWe believe that our partnerships with GMR, Bitmain and certain other partners have provided, and continue to provide, us with a significant competitive advantage. GMR has also been a proponent of our hosting strategy, having signed a contract for approximately 50% of our 100 MW capacity as part of our hosting operation under development. Bitmain, provides leads for potential hosting customers. SparkPool, GMR, and Bitmain are each strategic equity investors in our company. Each of them also advised us in connection with the design and buildout of our co-hosting operations. GMR, SparkPool and Bitmain have since become customers of our co-hosting operations.\nAccess to low-cost power with long-term services agreement.\n \nOne of the main benefits of our Amended and Restated Electric Service Agreement is the low cost of power for mining. Even prior to the crypto mining restrictions in China, power capacity available for Bitcoin mining was scarce, especially at scalable sites with over 100 MW of potential capacity. This scarcity of mining power allows us to realize attractive hosting rates in the current market, in particular given our ability to provide long-term (3-5 year) hosting contracts. \n6\nBenefits of Next-Gen datacenters compared to traditional datacenters. \nNext-Gen datacenters are optimized for large computing power and require more power than traditional datacenters that are optimized for data retention and retrieval. Next-Gen datacenters and traditional datacenters also have very different layouts, internet connection requirements and cooling designs to accommodate different power demands and customer requirements. Traditional datacenters cannot be easily converted to Next-Gen datacenter facilities like ours because of these differences. Geographically, traditional datacenters are at a disadvantage because they require fiber bases, low-latency connections and connection redundancies that are usually found in high-cost areas with high-density populations.\nHosting provides predictable, recurring revenue and cash flow as compared to more volatile mining operations. \n \nAs compared to our previous mining operations, co-hosting revenues are less subject to volatility related to the underlying cryptoasset markets. Through our Amended and Restated Electric Service Agreement with a utility in the upper Midwest, we have a contractual ceiling for our energy costs. The Electric Service Agreement has also enabled us to launch our hosting business with long-term customer contracts. Cambridge Bitcoin Electricity Consumption Index reported that as of February 1, 2021 more than 6 GW of Bitcoin was mined in China (or $4.3 billion of power cost, assuming $0.08 per kWh average hosting cost). China has since banned cryptoasset mining related activity. We expect much of the demand for hosting locations previously met in China will move to the United States due to its reliable power options. We intend for the steady cash flows generated by our hosting operations to be reinvested into the hosting business.\nStrong management team and board of advisors with deep experience in crypto mining and hosting operations.\n \nWe have recently expanded our leadership team by attracting top talent in the hosting space. Recent hires from both publicly traded and private companies have allowed us to build a team capable of designing and constructing hosting facilities. In addition, our board of advisors includes experts in the crypto space, including the co-founders of SparkPool and GMR.\nOur Growth Strategies\nLeverage partners to grow hosting operations while minimizing risk.\n \nOur strategic partners GMR and Bitmain have entered into hosting contracts with us that will utilize the available capacity from our currently operating 100 MW hosting site, which enabled us to pre-fill our initial site before breaking ground. Beyond their own use of our hosting capabilities, our partners have strong relationships across the cryptocurrency ecosystem, and we believe that we will be able to leverage their networks to identify leads for our expansion of hosting operations. We believe we have sufficient demand to fill our planned hosting expansion. \nSecure scalable power sites in areas favorable for crypto mining.\n \nWe have developed a pipeline of potential power sources. Our first hosting site in the Midwest is fully operational and we have begun construction on our second facility in Garden City, TX. We also expect to begin construction in North Dakota on our third facility, resulting in a total combined capacity of roughly 500 MW. Through our build-out of our first Midwest facility and the prior experience our leadership team brings to our initiatives, we believe that we have developed a repeatable power strategy to significantly scale our operations. In addition, we are currently focused on and will continue to target states that have favorable laws and regulations for the crypto mining industry, which we believe further minimizes the associated with risks the scaling of our operations.\nVertically integrate power assets.\n \nWith recent additions to our management team, we are increasingly looking at various types of power assets to support the growth of our  hosting operations. This also includes power generation assets, which longer-term could be used to reduce our cost of power. Our management team has experience not only in evaluating and acquiring power assets, but also in the conversion of power assets to crypto mining/hosting operations and the construction of datacenters with the specific purpose of mining cryptocurrency assets.\nExpand into other high computing processing applications and businesses. \n \nWhile we no longer mine cryptoassets and have no plans to return to crypto mining operations, we see potential value in the ecosystems developing around cryptoassets. We deem the following factors important in making a decision to enter into a particular line of business: advice from securities and regulatory legal counsel about the regulatory framework applicable to such line of business, including the Howey test for whether or not a particular \n7\nasset could be a security and consequences thereof, as applicable at the time, economic conditions, costs and benefits resulting from investing in a new line of business rather than our current co-hosting business, other costs of establishing such new or additional line of business, investor appetite, and other factors that may arise from time to time which could impact the costs and benefits to us and our stockholders.\nStrategic Relationships\nEach Service Provider has provided services to us pursuant to the Services Agreement which services commenced in June 2021. Each of these Service Providers assisted in the creation of our crypto mining operations, which we then terminated on March 9, 2022. Each of them also advised us in connection with the design and buildout of our co-hosting operations. GMR and SparkPool have since become customers of our co-hosting operations. In July 2021, the Company issued 7,440,148 shares of our common stock to each GMR and SparkPool, and 3,156,426 shares of our common stock to Jason Zhang, Valuefinder\u2019s designee. In July 2021, we added a strategic partner, Bitmain Technologies Limited (\u201cBitmain\u201d), a producer of products for blockchain and artificial intelligence (AI) applications. Bitmain has assisted us in the identification and analysis of other strategic business initiatives. As of June 2022, SparkPool ceased all operations and is no longer in a position to provide services under the Services Agreement. On June 2, 2022, SparkPool forfeited 4,965,432 shares of our common stock back to us.\nFuture Business Expansion\nCurrently, plans for our future business expansion entail building and operating several more facilities. The Company has the opportunity to expand the existing 100 MW Jamestown, North Dakota facility. The facility in Garden City, Texas currently under construction is expected to be 200 MW, and the future facility on the North Dakota site we acquired in August 2022 is expected to be 180 MW. In addition to the aforementioned facilities, we are actively evaluating a pipeline of potential sites throughout the US. \nSite Selection Criteria\nOur site selection criteria considers geographic diversity, attractive return on investment, and environmental impact.\nGeographic Diversity:\n  Geographic diversity minimizes the risk to us of any event in a particular region that may impact our facilities. We expect to choose locations in environments that are policy and regulation friendly, and find sites with less expensive stable energy.\nAttractive Return on Investment:\n  We expect to achieve attractive return on investments in low-cost renewable assets with strict underwriting standards to achieve targeted returns. Moreover, we aim to have a balanced mix of high-volume, blue-chip customers and higher margin, smaller scale customers with one anchor customer at each facility that has signed a 3\u2009\u2013\u20095 year long-term contract at each site and filling the rest of the facility with customers with 18\u2009\u2013\u200936 month terms.\nEnvironmental Impact:\n  We are doing our part to be as environmentally conscious as possible when choosing sites for development by targeting renewable energy assets to minimize our carbon footprint. Further, because Next-Gen datacenters like ours represent a unique power load, we believe our demand for renewable energy and entry into agreements with renewable energy providers will increase and accelerate the buildout of renewable energy infrastructures.\nCustomers\nWe have material customer concentration in our co-hosting business as of May 31, 2022. We have entered into contracts with JointHash Holding Limited (a subsidiary of GMR), Spring Mud, LLC (a subsidiary of GMR) Bitmain Technologies Limited, F2Pool Mining, Inc. and Hashing LLC (a subsidiary of GMR) to utilize our first co-hosting facility.  Together these customers will account for 100% of our co-hosting facility revenue until our second facility is constructed and operational. These customers have agreed to use an additional 85 MW of power at our second facility, once it is constructed and operational. We are currently exploring options with respect to property on which our second facility will be built as well as energy services arrangements to provide power to the second facility.\n8\nAdditionally, on July 12, 2022, the Company entered into a five-year hosting contract with Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. (\"Marathon\") for 200 MW of mining capacity. As a result of this arrangement, the Company will supply Marathon with 90 MW of hosting capacity at its facility in Texas and at least 110 MW of hosting capacity at its second facility in North Dakota. As part of this agreement, the Company has also provided Marathon with the option to increase hosting capacity utilizing up to an additional 70 MW in North Dakota, which would increase the total amount of hosting across all of the Company's facilities to 270 megawatts if the option is exercised.\nPursuant to our co-hosting contracts with all of the five above customers we agree to provide energized space, for which our customers pay us hosting fees.  Operation fees and maintenance fees are to be determined by the parties in each contract and on each purchase order. \nThe agreements with certain customers are effective until terminated. In addition to providing for termination for breaches or defaults (subject to certain cure periods) and by mutual agreement of the relevant parties, these customers may terminate their agreements with respect to all or part of their equipment subject to the relevant agreement with payment of a termination fee calculated by reference to the equipment as to which the agreement is being terminated and its forecasted energy usage.\nThe terms of the agreements with other customers is 60 months from the date on which no less than a negotiated number of megawatts of power are available at our first facility. The term may be extended for an additional 24 months without change to the fee structure by agreement of both parties. Unilateral termination rights are only available upon defaults or breaches of the agreement (subject to cure periods), bankruptcy or similar situations and certain assignment.\nOur site level strategy consists of having one key anchor tenant that has signed a 3\u2009\u2013\u20095 year long-term contract at the site and filling the rest of the facility with customers with 18\u2009\u2013\u200936 month terms.\nGovernment Regulations\nOur customers\u2019 businesses are subject to extensive laws, rules, regulations, policies and legal and regulatory guidance, including those governing securities, commodities, cryptoasset custody, exchange and transfer, data governance, data protection, cybersecurity and tax. Many of these legal and regulatory regimes were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet, mobile technologies, cryptoassets and related technologies. As a result, they do not contemplate or address unique issues associated with the crypto economy, are subject to significant uncertainty, and vary widely across U.S. federal, state and local and international jurisdictions. These legal and regulatory regimes, including the laws, rules and regulations thereunder, evolve frequently and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another. Moreover, the complexity and evolving nature of our business and the significant uncertainty surrounding the regulation of the crypto economy requires us to exercise our judgement as to whether certain laws, rules and regulations apply to us or our customers, and it is possible that governmental bodies and regulators may disagree with our or our customers\u2019 conclusions. To the extent we or our customers have not complied with such laws, rules and regulations, we could be subject to significant fines and other regulatory consequences, which could adversely affect our business, prospects or operations. As cryptoassets have grown in popularity and in market size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress and certain U.S. agencies (e.g., the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the SEC, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and the Federal Bureau of Investigation) have begun to examine the operations of cryptoasset networks, cryptoasset users and cryptoasset exchange markets. On September 24, 2021, China imposed a ban on all crypto transactions and mining. Other governments around the world are also reviewing their rules and regulations concerning the cryptoasset industry, including the United States.\nIn 2018, the SEC Director of Corporate Finance William Hinman announced that the Commission would not treat Ether or Bitcoin as securities. The legal test for determining whether or not any given cryptoasset is a security (the Howey test) is a highly complex, fact-driven analysis the outcome of which is difficult to predict. The SEC took the position that initial coin offerings (\u201cICOs\u201d) are issuances of securities, a position that was upheld by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of NY in the 2020 case SEC v. Telegram Group Inc. & TON Issuer Inc. \n9\nThe SEC\u2019s position on most other cryptoassets, other than Bitcoin, Ether and ICOs, is that it is up to market participants to determine whether or not a particular cryptoasset is a \u201csecurity.\u201d The SEC generally does not provide advance guidance or confirmation on the status of any particular cryptoasset as a security. Furthermore, the SEC\u2019s views in this area have evolved over time and it is difficult to predict the direction or timing of any evolution. It is also possible that a change in the governing administration or the appointment of new SEC commissioners could substantially impact the views of the SEC and its staff. Public statements by senior officials at the SEC indicate that the SEC does not intend to take the position that Bitcoin or Ether are securities (in their current form). With respect to all other cryptoassets, there is currently no certainty under the applicable legal test that such assets are not securities, notwithstanding the conclusions we may draw based on our risk-based assessment regarding the likelihood that a particular cryptoasset could be deemed a \u201csecurity\u201d under applicable laws. Similarly, though the SEC\u2019s Strategic Hub for Innovation and Financial Technology published a framework for analyzing whether any given cryptoasset is a security in April 2019, this framework is also not a rule, regulation or statement of the SEC and is not binding on the SEC.\nOngoing and future regulatory actions could effectively prevent our customers\u2019 crypto mining operations and our ongoing or planned co-hosting operations, limiting or preventing future revenue generation by us or rendering our operations obsolete. Such actions could severely impact our ability to continue to operate and our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations.\nEnvironmental Regulations\nWe have observed increasing media attention directed at the environmental concerns associated with cryptocurrency mining, particularly its energy-intensive nature. While we do not believe any U.S.-based regulators have taken a position adverse to our business, in March 2021, the governmental authorities for the Chinese province of Inner Mongolia, which represented roughly 8% of the world\u2019s total mining power, banned bitcoin mining in the province due to the industry\u2019s intense electrical power demands and its negative environmental impacts (both in terms of the waste produced by mining the rare Earth metals used to manufacture miners and the production of electrical power used in bitcoin mining). We have, and continue to, monitor domestic and international regulations, including regulations relating to environmental impacts of our business.\nOur currently operating co-hosting facility is located in North Dakota. North Dakota is one of the States leading the United States in wind power generation. We signed an energy services agreement with a utility in North Dakota to power this facility. The power comes off a grid and we cannot control whether that energy is generated by wind or other methods. Currently, we do not have access to such information.  In addition, our second facility, which is currently being constructed in Texas, will be fully supplied with power that is generated from wind. We have, and will continue to, consider opportunities for limiting the impact of our business on the environment.\nEmployees and Human Capital\nAs of May 31, 2022, we had 55 employees, all of whom were full time. We also had 6 independent contractors who focus full time on our business and 24 independent contractors who worked on a part time basis on our business. We have relied and plan on continuing to rely on independent organizations, advisors and consultants to perform certain services for us. Such services may not always be available to us on a timely basis, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our future performance will depend in part on our ability to successfully integrate newly hired employees and to engage and retain consultants, as well as our ability to develop an effective working relationship with our employees and consultants.\n10", "item1a": ">Item 1A. Risk Factors\nWe are at an early stage of development of our hosting business, currently have limited sources of revenue, and may not become profitable in the future.\nAlthough we began generating revenue from hosting operations when our first co-hosting facility came online on February 2, 2022, we are subject to the risks and uncertainties of a new business, including the risk that we may never develop, complete development or market any of our proposed services. \nDuring the building of our co-hosting operations, we determined that it would be beneficial to our stockholders to focus more of our resources on building our co- hosting operations than on expanding our mining operations. Accordingly, in December 2021, we began selling our crypto mining equipment. On March 9, 2022, we ceased all crypto mining operations and completed the sale of  all crypto mining equipment in service. We have no plans to return to crypto mining operations  in the future. \nAccordingly, we have only a limited history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made. Hosting revenues includes only fees from access to space and electricity and not maintenance or other services provided by us. Direct costs of sales from hosting includes operations, maintenance and power related costs. However, any increased hosting revenue or decreased costs, for instance, as a result of pricing power, economies of scale and additional services provided, or any decrease in demand for our hosting services, for example as a result of increased regulation on cryptoasset mining of our hosting customers or a significant decrease in cryptoasset prices, will significantly change the terms on which we are able to enter into additional agreements necessary to expand our business and thus impact the results of our hosting revenues and direct hosting costs. \nWe intend to reduce the impact of  such variability on our hosting revenue and hosting costs by entering into long term contracts with the goal of having one blue chip anchor tenant that has signed a 3-5 year long-term contract at each site and filling the rest of the facility with customers with 18-36 month terms. \nThe actual results may vary significantly from the plans set forth above and we make no representations with respect thereto. If we are unable to successfully implement our development plan or to increase our generation of revenue, we will not become profitable, and we may be unable to continue our operations. Furthermore, our proposed operations are subject to all business risks associated with new enterprises. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with the expansion of a business, operation in a competitive industry, and the continued development of advertising, promotions and a corresponding customer base. There can be no assurances that we will operate profitably.\nOur success depends on external factors in the cryptomining industry. \nAll of our current customers are crypto miners. The cryptomining industry is subject to various risks which could adversely affect our current customers\u2019 ability to continue to operate their businesses, including, but not limited to:\n\u2022\nongoing and future government or regulatory actions that could effectively prevent our customers\u2019 mining operations, with little to no access to policymakers and lobbying organizations in many jurisdictions; \n\u2022\na high degree of uncertainty about cryptoassets\u2019 status as a \u201csecurity,\u201d a \u201ccommodity\u201d or a \u201cfinancial instrument\u201d in any relevant jurisdiction which may be subject our customers to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, and other penalties;\n\u2022\nbanks or financial institutions may close the accounts of businesses engaging in cryptoasset- related activities as a result of compliance risk, cost, government regulation or public pressure;\n\u2022\nuse of cryptoassets in the retail and commercial marketplace is limited;\n11\n\u2022\nextreme volatility in the market price of cryptoassets that may harm our customers financial resources, ability to meet their contractual obligations to us or cause them to reduce or cease mining operations\n\u2022\nuse of a ledger-based platform may not necessarily benefit from viable trading markets or the rigors of listing requirements for securities creating higher potential risk for fraud or the manipulation of the ledger due to a control event;\n\u2022\nconcentrated ownership, large sales of cryptoassets, or distributions or redemptions by vehicles invested in cryptoassets could have an adverse effect on the demand or, and market price of, such cryptoasset;\n\u2022\nour customers could face difficulty adapting to emergent digital ledgers, blockchains, or alternatives thereto, rapidly changing technology or methods of, rules of, or access to, platforms; \n\u2022\nthe number of cryptoassets awarded for solving a block in a blockchain could decrease which may adversely affect our customers\u2019 incentive to expend processing power to solve blocks and/or continue mining and our customers may not have access to resources to invest in increasing processing power when necessary in order to in order to maintain the continuing revenue production of their mining operations;\n\u2022\nour customers may face third parties' intellectual property claims or claims relating to the holding and transfer of cryptoassets and their source code, which, regardless of the merit of any such action, could reduce confidence in some or all cryptoasset networks\u2019 long-term viability or the ability of end-users to hold and transfer cryptoassets;\n\u2022\ncontributors to the open-source structure of the cryptoasset network protocols are generally not directly compensated for their contributions in maintaining and developing the protocol and may lack incentive to properly monitor and upgrade the protocols;\n\u2022\na disruption of the Internet on which our customers\u2019 business of mining cryptoassets is dependent;\n\u2022\ndecentralized nature of the governance of cryptoasset systems, generally by voluntary consensus and open competition with no clear leadership structure or authority, may lead to ineffective decision making that slows development or prevents a network from overcoming emergent obstacles; and\n\u2022\nsecurity breaches, hacking, or other malicious activities or loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used to store our customers\u2019 cryptoassets could adversely affect their ability to access or sell their cryptoassets or effectively utilize impacted platforms.\nEven if we are able to diversify our customer base, negative impacts to the cryptomining industry may negatively affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects.\nIf we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed.\nWe are a development stage company with a small management team and are subject to the strains of ongoing development and growth, which will place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. Although we may not grow as we expect, if we fail to manage our growth  effectively or  to develop and expand our managerial, operational and financial resources and systems, our business and financial results could be materially harmed.\nWe may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. Further, we cannot provide any assurance that we will successfully identify emerging trends and growth opportunities in this business sector and we may lose out on opportunities. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations.\nWe have an evolving business model which is subject to various uncertainties.\n12\nAs cryptoassets and blockchain technologies become more widely available, we expect the services and products associated with them to evolve. Future regulations may require our co-hosting customers to change their businesses in order to comply fully with federal and state laws regulating cryptoasset (including Ethereum and Bitcoin) mining. In order to stay current with the industry, our business model may need to evolve as well. From time to time, we may modify aspects of our business model relating to our strategy. We cannot offer any assurance that these or any other modifications will be successful or will not result in harm to our business.\nWe may be unable to raise additional capital needed to grow our business.\nWe expect to need to raise substantial additional capital to expand our operations, pursue our growth strategies and to respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements. We may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which could impair our growth and adversely affect our existing operations. \nIf we raise additional equity financing, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests, and the per share value of our common stock could decline. Furthermore, if we engage in additional debt financing, the holders of debt likely would have priority over the holders of common stock on order of payment preference. We may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends to our shareholders, or take other actions. We may also be required to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios that could otherwise not be in the interests of our stockholders.\nAny disruption of service experienced by certain of our third-party service providers, or our ineffective management of relationships with third-party service providers could harm our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and prospects.\nWe rely on several third-party service providers for services that are essential to our business model, the most important of which are our suppliers of power, electrical equipment, building materials, and construction services.  If these third parties  experience difficulty providing the services we require, or if they experience disruptions or financial distress or cease operations temporarily or permanently, it could make it difficult for us to execute our operations. If we are unsuccessful in identifying or finding highly qualified third-party service providers, or if we fail to negotiate cost-effective relationships with them or if we are ineffective in managing and maintaining these relationships, it could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and prospects.\nCertain natural disasters or other external events could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects \nWe may experience disruptions due to mechanical failure, power outage, human error, physical or electronic security breaches, war, terrorism, fire, earthquake, pandemics, hurricane, flood and other natural disasters, sabotage and vandalism. Our systems may be susceptible to damage, interference, or interruption from modifications or upgrades, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, computer denial of service attacks, phishing schemes, or other attempts to harm or access our systems. Such disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and prospects.\nVarious actual and potential conflicts of interest may be detrimental to stockholders.\nCertain conflicts of interest may exist, or be perceived to exist, between certain of our directors or officers and us. Mr. Cummins and certain of our directors have other business interests to which they also must devote time, resources and attention. These other interests may conflict with such officer\u2019s or director\u2019s interest in us, including conflicting with interests in allocating resources, time and attention to our business and impacting decisions made on our behalf with respect to such entities, their affiliates or competitors.\nOur Service Providers (other than SparkPool which discontinued its operations as of June 2022) and Bitmain, operate businesses related to crypto mining. Specifically, GMR and Bitmain actively mine cryptoassets. Valuefinder consults with and advise other cryptoasset-related companies. Our Service Providers\u2019 and Bitmain\u2019s interest in their \n13\nown business and that of entities they advise may conflict with our interests and may impact the advice provided to us or our competitors such that our business, operations and financial results may be negatively impacted.\nWe do not have specific procedures in place with respect to potential conflicts of interest, however, in determining to engage with potential competitors and entities with whom our officers or directors may have relationships, we considered the risks and risk mitigation factors, including requiring that transactions with entities that are related to our officers and directors be approved or ratified by our Audit Committee. Recognizing that Mr. Cummins holds over 23% of our common stock, and our Service Providers, other than Xsquared which no longer operates, hold between 3.2% and 7.5% of our common stock, all of them have a financial interest in the success of our operations. Additionally, none of our Service Providers or Bitmain operate in the co-hosting business. \nWe have also have more than a majority of independent directors on our Board in order to ensure that there are limitations on the risks of conflicts of interest impacting Board level decisions. Because we are not engaging in the crypto mining business at this time and focusing on expanding our co-hosting business, the effects of any such risks of conflicts of interest are limited in scope. We expect that as our co-hosting business continues to grow, the risks of conflicts of interest will become more limited over time. We cannot, however, guarantee that the conflicts of interest described above, or other future conflicts of interest, will not manifest in advice or decisions that negatively impact our financial results and our operations.\nThe loss of any of our management team, our inability to execute an effective succession plan, or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, could adversely affect our business.\nOur success and future growth will depend to a significant degree on the skills and services of our management team. We will need to continue to grow our management team in order to alleviate pressure on our existing team and in order to continue to develop our business. If our management team, including any new hires that we may make, fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. Furthermore, if we fail to execute an effective contingency or succession plan with the loss of any member of our management team, the loss of such management personnel may significantly disrupt our business.\nThe loss of key members of our management team could inhibit our growth prospects. Our future success also depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate key management and operating personnel. As we continue to develop and expand our operations, we may require personnel with different skills and experiences, and who have a sound understanding of our business and the cryptoasset industry. The market for highly qualified personnel in this industry is very competitive and we may be unable to attract such personnel. If we are unable to attract such personnel, our business could be harmed.\nWe may depend upon outside advisors who may not be available on reasonable terms as needed.\nTo supplement the business experience of our officers and directors, we may be required to employ technical experts, appraisers, attorneys, or other consultants or advisors. Our management, with our board of directors (\u201cBoard\u201d) approval in certain cases, without any input from stockholders will make the selection of any such advisors. Furthermore, it is anticipated that such persons may be engaged on an \u201cas needed\u201d basis without a continuing fiduciary or other obligation to us. In the event we consider it necessary to hire outside advisors, we may elect to hire persons who are affiliates, if they are able to provide the required services.\nCOVID-19 or any pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the United States or elsewhere may adversely affect our business.\nThe COVID-19 virus has had unpredictable and unprecedented impacts in the United States and around the world. \nChina has prohibited the shipment of cryptoasset related products in and out of its borders, which could negatively impact our ability to receive mining equipment from China-based suppliers on behalf of our customers. Third-party manufacturers, suppliers, sub-contractors and customers have been and could continue to be disrupted by worker absenteeism, quarantines, restrictions on employees\u2019 ability to work, office and factory closures, disruptions to ports and other shipping infrastructure, border closures, or other travel or health-related restrictions. Depending on the \n14\nmagnitude of such effects on our supply chain, shipments of parts for our customers\u2019 existing miners may be delayed. As our customers\u2019 equipment requires repair or becomes obsolete and requires replacement, our and their ability to obtain adequate replacements or repair parts from their manufacturer may therefore be hampered. To the extent we are providing maintenance and repair services to our customers, our ability to provide such services may also be hampered by supply chain and labor disruptions. If not resolved quickly, supply chain disruptions could negatively impact our operations.\nThe implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations and overall financial performance remain uncertain. The economic effects of the pandemic and any recovery and resulting societal changes, including the impact of current labor shortages in the United States, are currently not predictable, and the future financial impacts could vary from current projections.\nIf our co-hosting customers determine not to use our co-hosting facility, our co-hosting operations may suffer from significant losses.\nWe have material customer concentration in our co-hosting business. We have entered into contracts with five customers to utilize our first co-hosting facility in North Dakota. These five customers account for 100% of the revenue from our first co-hosting facility (100 MW). These customers have also contracted for 85MW of power at our second co-hosting facility once it is completed and operational. In addition, in July 2022, the Company entered into a five-year hosting contract with Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. for 200 MW of mining capacity. As a result of this arrangement, the Company will supply Marathon with 90 MW of hosting capacity at its facility being built  in Texas and at least 110 MW of hosting capacity at its second facility to be built in North Dakota. There are inherent risks whenever a large percentage of total revenues are concentrated with a limited number of customers. \nAdditionally, as a result of the risks our crypto mining customers face, it is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand for our services that will be generated by these customers or the future demand for the products and services of these customers. Should some or all of our co-hosting customers suffer from harm or loss due to a set of circumstances, their businesses could be negatively impacted or prevented. Further, our contracts with these customers permit them to terminate our services at any time (subject to notice and certain other provisions).\nIf any of our customers experience declining mining operations for any reason or determine to stop utilizing our co-hosting facilities, we could be pressured to reduce the prices we charge for our services or we could lose a major customer. Any such development could have an adverse effect on our margins and financial position, and would negatively affect our revenues and results of operations.\nRisks Related to our Common Stock\nThe liquidity of our common stock is uncertain; the limited trading volume of the common stock may depress the price of such stock or cause it to fluctuate significantly.\nAlthough our common stock is listed on Nasdaq, there has been a limited public market for the common stock and there can be no assurance that a more active trading market will develop. As a result, shareholders may not be able to sell shares of common stock in short time periods, or possibly at all. The absence of an active trading market may cause the price per share of the common stock to fluctuate significantly.\nOur stock price has been volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future; this volatility may affect the price at which you could sell our common stock.\nThe trading price of our common stock has been volatile and may continue to be volatile in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on an investment in our securities:\n\u2022\nactual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;\n15\n\u2022\nchanges in the market\u2019s expectations about our operating results;\n\u2022\nrelative success of our competitors;\n\u2022\nour operating results failing to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in a particular period;\n\u2022\nchanges in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us and the market for our co-hosting facilities;\n\u2022\noperating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us;\n\u2022\nour ability to continue to expand our operations;\n\u2022\nchanges in laws and regulations affecting our business or our industry;\n\u2022\ncommencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us;\n\u2022\nchanges in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the borrowing of additional debt;\n\u2022\nthe volume of shares of common stock available for public sale \npursuant to an effective registration statement or exemption from registration requirements\n;\n\u2022\nany major change in our board of directors or management;\n\u2022\nsales of substantial amounts of our common stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and\n\u2022\ngeneral economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, international currency and crypto currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism.\nBroad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general, and Nasdaq in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our common stock, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our common stock also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future.\nWe do not expect to declare or pay dividends in the foreseeable future, which may limit the return our shareholders realize on their investment.\nWe do not expect to declare or pay dividends in the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will invest future earnings in the development and growth of our business. Therefore, holders of our common stock may not receive any return on their investment in our common stock unless and until the value of such common stock increases and they are able to sell such shares of common stock, and there is no assurance that any of the foregoing will occur.\nFailure to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock value.\nWe are a newly public company and are now required to comply with the SEC\u2019s rules implementing Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (\"SOX\"), which requires our management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We will not be required to make our first assessment of our internal control over financial reporting until the year following this annual report, (i.e., the fiscal year ending May 31, 2023). To comply with the \n16\nrequirements of being a public company, we will need to upgrade our systems, including information technology, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting, finance and legal staff.\nWe currently have material weaknesses in the design or operation of our internal controls, which could adversely affect our ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data. We have not yet designed and/or implemented user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties that would adequately restrict user and privileged access to the financially relevant systems and data to appropriate personnel. We also do not currently have an  internal control system that identifies critical processes and key controls. We are in the process of remediating such material weaknesses and there can be no assurance as to when or if we will fully remediate such material weaknesses.\nOur efforts to develop and maintain our internal controls may not be successful, and we may be unable to maintain effective controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future and comply with the certification and reporting obligations under Sections 302 and 404 of SOX. Any failure to maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in our implementation or improvement of our internal controls over financial reporting could result in material misstatements that are not prevented or detected on a timely basis, which could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information.\nYou may experience dilution of your ownership interest because of the future issuance of additional equity in our company.\nIn the future, we may issue additional shares of capital stock in our company, resulting in the dilution of current stockholders\u2019 relative ownership. Our board and stockholders have approved an employee incentive plan and a non-employee director incentive plan. We have reserved 15,166,666 shares of our common stock for future issuance under our plans. Such conversions and issuances would also result in dilution of current stockholders\u2019 relative ownership.\nOn January 6, 2022, we and Antpool entered into a Limited Liability Company Agreement of 1.21 Gigawatts, LLC pursuant to which we and Antpool will own 80% and 20%, respectively, of 1.21 Gigawatts. Antpool\u2019s interest in each such entity will be convertible by it at any time into a number of shares of our common stock equal to Antpool\u2019s capital contribution in connection with the acquisition of such interests divided by $1.25 (or $7.50 after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split). Antpool\u2019s potential ownership of our common stock is dependent on its capital contributions to 1.21 Gigawatts which in turn will depend on which projects are approved by us and Antpool and the costs associated therewith. Accordingly, we cannot predict the amount of Antpool\u2019s potential ownership of our common stock.\nOn January 14, 2022, we granted an aggregate of 1,791,666 restricted stock units (\u201cRSUs\u201d) to three consultants, consisting of 125,000 RSUs to Roland Davidson, who acts as our Executive Vice President of Engineering, 416,666 RSUs to Nick Phillips, our Executive Vice President of Hosting and Public Affairs, and 1,250,000 RSUs to Etienne Snyman, who acts as our Executive Vice President of Power.\nWe may also issue other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for equity in our company in connection with hiring or retaining employees or consultants, future acquisitions or future sales of our securities.\nProvisions in our Articles, our Bylaws, and Nevada law may discourage a takeover attempt even if a takeover might be beneficial to our stockholders.\nProvisions contained in our Articles and Bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to  acquire us if we have become a publicly traded company. Provisions of our Articles and Bylaws impose various procedural and other requirements, which could make it more difficult for stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. For example, our Articles authorize our Board to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of unissued series of preferred stock without any vote or action by our stockholders. Thus, our Board can authorize and issue shares of \n17\npreferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting or other rights of holders of our other series of capital stock. These rights may have the effect of delaying or deterring a change of control of our company. Additionally, our Bylaws establish limitations on the removal of directors and on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings.\nFor a more complete understanding of these provisions, please refer to the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Articles and Bylaws.\nThough we are not currently, in the future we may become subject to Nevada\u2019s control share law. A corporation is subject to Nevada\u2019s control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Nevada, and it does business in Nevada or through an affiliated corporation. The law focuses on the acquisition of a \u201ccontrolling interest\u201d which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares sufficient, but for the control share law, to enable the acquiring person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors: (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third; (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority; or (iii) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others.\nThe effect of the control share law is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with it, obtains only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law contemplates that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to strip voting rights from the control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed by the control share law.\nIf control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights is entitled to demand fair value for the redemption of such stockholder\u2019s shares. Nevada\u2019s control share law may have the effect of discouraging takeovers of the corporation.\nIn addition to the control share law, Nevada has a business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and \u201cinterested stockholders\u201d for two years after the \u201cinterested stockholder\u201d first becomes an \u201cinterested stockholder,\u201d unless our Board approves the combination in advance or thereafter by both the Board and 60% of the disinterested stockholders. For purposes of Nevada law, an \u201cinterested stockholder\u201d is any person who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of  the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term \u201cbusiness combination\u201d is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential acquirer to use the corporation\u2019s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests of the corporation and its other stockholders.\nThe effect of Nevada\u2019s business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of us from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our Board.\nWe may not be able to maintain the listing of our Common Stock on Nasdaq, which may adversely effect the flexibility of holders of Common Stock to resell their securities in the secondary market.\nOur Common Stock is presently listed on Nasdaq, which requires us to meet certain conditions to maintain our listing status. If the Company is unable to meet the continued listing criteria of Nasdaq and the Common Stock became delisted, trading of the Common Stock could thereafter be conducted in the over-the-counter markets in the OTC Pink, also known as \u201cpink sheets\u201d or, if available, on another OTC trading platform. \n18\nWe cannot assure you that we will meet the criteria for continued listing, in which case the Common Stock could become delisted. Any such delisting could harm our ability to raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may result in the loss of confidence in our financial stability by suppliers, customers and employees. Investors would likely find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate market quotations for, the Common Stock, as the liquidity that Nasdaq provides would no longer be available to investors. In addition, the failure of our Common Stock to continue to be listed on the Nasdaq could adversely impact the market price for the Common Stock and our other securities, and we could face a lengthy process to re-list the Common Stock, if we are able to re-list the Common Stock.\nIf securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade their recommendations regarding our common stock, its trading price and volume could decline.\nWe expect the trading market for our common stock to be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our business or our industry. As a new public company, we have only minimal research coverage by securities and industry analysts.  If we do not expand securities or industry analyst coverage, or  if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline and our common stock to be less liquid. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline.", "item7": ">Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\nYou should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read the sections titled \u201cRisk Factors\u201d and \u201cForward-Looking Statements\u201d for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. \nBusiness Overview\nWe design, build, and operate Next-Gen datacenters which are designed to provide massive computing power and support high-compute applications. Our first facility was constructed in North Dakota with 100 MW of capacity. We signed an energy services agreement with a utility to power this facility. We provide energized space for customers to host computing equipment. Initially, these datacenters will primarily host servers securing the Bitcoin network, but these facilities can also host hardware for other applications such as artificial intelligence, protein sequencing, drug discovery, machine learning and additional blockchain networks and applications. We are mid-construction on our second facility in Garden City, Texas, and are in the development stage of the Company's third facility, located in North Dakota. We have a colocation business model where our customers place hardware they own into our facilities and we provide full operational and maintenance services for a fixed fee. We typically enter into long-term fixed rate contracts with our customers.\nTrends and Uncertainties\n \nRegulatory Matters\n \nOur customers\u2019 businesses are subject to extensive laws, rules, regulations, policies and legal and regulatory guidance, including those governing securities, commodities, cryptoasset custody, exchange and transfer, data governance, data protection, cybersecurity and tax. Many of these legal and regulatory regimes were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet, mobile technologies, cryptoassets and related technologies. As a result, they do not contemplate or address unique issues associated with the crypto economy, are subject to significant uncertainty, and vary widely across U.S. federal, state and local and international jurisdictions. These legal and regulatory regimes, including the laws, rules and regulations thereunder, evolve frequently and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another. Moreover, the complexity and evolving nature of our business and the significant uncertainty surrounding the regulation of the crypto economy requires us to exercise our judgement as to whether certain laws, rules and regulations apply to us or our customers, and it is possible that governmental bodies and regulators may disagree with our or our customers\u2019 conclusions. \nTo the extent we or our customers have not complied with such laws, rules and regulations, we could be subject to significant fines and other regulatory consequences, which could adversely affect our business, prospects or operations. As cryptoassets have grown in popularity and in market size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress and certain U.S. agencies (e.g., the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the SEC, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and the Federal Bureau of Investigation) have begun to examine the operations of cryptoasset networks, cryptoasset users and cryptoasset exchange markets. Other countries around the world are likewise reviewing and, in some cases, increasing regulation of the cryptoasset industry. For instance, on September\u00a024, 2021, China imposed a ban on all crypto transactions and mining. \nOngoing and future regulatory actions could effectively prevent our customers\u2019 mining operations and our ongoing or planned co-hosting operations, limiting or preventing future revenue generation by us or rendering our operations and crypto mining equipment obsolete. Such actions could severely impact our ability to continue to operate and our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations. \n21\nHosting Operation Highlights\nOn January 6, 2022, we and Antpool Capital Asset Investment, L.P., an affiliate of Bitmain Technologies Holding Company, entered into a joint venture in the form of 1.21 Gigawatts, LLC, pursuant to which we and Antpool contributed $8 million and $2 million, respectively, and will initially own 80% and 20% of 1.21 Gigawatts, respectively. 1.21 Gigawatts will develop, acquire, construct, finance, operate, maintain and own one or more Next-Gen datacenters with initially up to 1.5GW of capacity for hosting blockchain infrastructure. We are the managing member of 1.21 Gigawatts and are responsible for all site development, construction and operations of the datacenters. However, certain activities of 1.21 Gigawatts and its subsidiaries, if any, require the vote of 90% of the then outstanding units of each such entity. As long as Antpool owns 10% or more of the total issued and outstanding units of 1.21 Gigawatts, Antpool may appoint an individual with industry expertise to serve as an advisor to 1.21 Gigawatts. 1.21 Gigawatts will pay fees to such advisor as reasonably determined by us as managing member. Transfers by members of units of 1.21 Gigawatts are prohibited without approval of 90% of units then outstanding, which consent may be granted or withheld for any reason and transfers of such units to non-affiliates, after obtaining consent, are subject to a right of first refusal of other members to purchase some or all of such units. Additionally, Antpool has the right at any time to convert all or any portion of its 1.21 Gigawatts units into a number of shares of our Common Stock equal to the capital contributions by Antpool in connection with the acquisition of such units divided by $7.50, which will result in an increase in our ownership percentage of 1.21 Gigawatts.\nOn February 2, 2022, we brought our first North Dakota facility online as to the initial 55 MW, and as of May 31, 2022, there was approximately 90 MW of power online at this facility. \nSale of Crypto Mining Equipment\n \nOn March\u00a09, 2022, we ceased all crypto mining operations and completed the sale of all crypto mining equipment in service.  Total proceeds from the sale of the equipment were $1.6\u00a0million. We recognized a loss of $2.9\u00a0million in the sale of the equipment during the quarter and year ended May\u00a031, 2022. We have no plans to return to crypto mining operations in the future as we grow our co-hosting operations. The results of our crypto mining operations have been accounted for as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended May 31, 2022. This decision may decrease liquidity and our available capital resources, which may adversely affect us.\nExpansion Opportunities\nOn November 24, 2021, we entered into a letter of intent to develop a facility in Texas using 200 MW of wind power.  On April 13, 2022, the Company entered into a 99-year ground lease in Garden City, TX, with the intent to build our second datacenter facility on this site.  On April 25, 2022 the Company began construction on this site. This facility is collocated with a wind farm and upon completion is expected to provide 200 MW of power to hosting customers. The facility is expected to begin operating in calendar Q4 of 2022 and the 200 MW capacity is fully contracted with our customers.\nAs our hosting operations expand, we believe our business structure will become conducive to a REIT structure, akin to Digital Realty Trust (NYSE: DLR) and Equinix, Inc. (NASDAQ: EQIX), each of which is a traditional datacenter operator and Innovative Industrial Properties, Inc. (NYSE: IIPR), a specialty REIT that similarly services a new growth industry. We have begun to investigate the possibility, costs and benefits of converting to a REIT structure.\nPublic Offering and Changes to Equity\nOn August 13, 2021, the Company filed a registration statement for the resale by certain selling stockholders of shares of Common Stock with the SEC (Reg. No. 333-258818) (the \u201cResale Registration Statement\u201d) and received a notice of effectiveness for such registration statement on April 12, 2022. On November 22, 2021, the Company filed a registration statement for the sale by the Company of shares of Common Stock with the SEC (Reg. No. 333-261278) (the \u201cIPO Registration Statement\u201d) and received a notice of effectiveness for such registration statement on April 12, 2022. On April 11, 2022, the Company filed a registration statement for the Common Stock \n22\nunder the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the SEC which became effective automatically on April 12, 2022.\nOn April 12, 2022, concurrent with receipt of the notice of effectiveness for the Resale Registration Statement, all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock were automatically converted (without payment of additional consideration) into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, consistent with the Series C and Series D Preferred Stock terms. All rights with respect to the Series C and Series D Preferred Stock terminated upon conversion.\nThe Company\u2019s board of directors approved a reverse split of shares of the Company\u2019s common stock on a one-for-six basis, which was effected on April 12, 2022 (the \u201cReverse Stock Split\u201d). All references to Common Stock, options to purchase common stock, restricted stock units, share data, per share data and related information contained in the condensed consolidated financial statements have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. No fractional shares of the Company\u2019s common stock were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional share resulting from the Reverse Stock Split was rounded down to the nearest whole share and the affected holder received cash in lieu of such fraction share. Any fractional share resulting from the Reverse Stock Split was rounded down to the nearest whole share.\nOn April 13, 2022, the Company announced its initial public offering of 8 million shares of its Common Stock at $5.00 per share. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on April 13, 2022, under the ticker symbol \u201cAPLD.\u201d\nOn April 18, 2022, the Company completed its initial public offering.  The net proceeds received by the Company from the offering (after deducting underwriting discounts and commission and estimated offering expenses) were approximately $36 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds to lease or purchase additional property on which to build additional co-hosting facilities, to construct those facilities, to enter into additional energy service agreements for each additional site and for funding its working capital and general corporate purposes.\nLoans \nOn March\u00a011, 2022, the Company and Applied Hosting, LLC (\u201cHosting\u201d), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a term loan agreement (the \u201cVBT Loan Agreement\u201d) by and among Hosting, as the borrower, Vantage Bank Texas, as lender (the \u201cVBT Lender\u201d) and the Company as guarantor. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, on March\u00a011, 2022, Hosting entered into a promissory note agreement (the \u201c VBT Note\u201d) and borrowed $7.50\u00a0million for a five  (5)) year term with an interest rate of five percent (5%) per annum (the \u201cVBT Term Loan\u201d). The proceeds of the VBT Term Loan were used for working capital needs for the operation of Phase\u00a0I of the hosting facility in Jamestown, North Dakota (the \"Property\").\nThe VBT Loan Agreement and VBT Note contain customary representations and warranties and events of default. In addition, the VBT Note contains certain affirmative and negative covenants and other terms and conditions for a facility of this type.\nAlso on March\u00a011, 2022, the Company entered into a continuing guaranty agreement (the \u201cVBT Guaranty Agreement\u201d) with the VBT Lender, pursuant to which the Company agreed to guaranty Hosting\u2019s indebtedness and obligations under the VBT Loan Agreement. The VBT Term Loan is secured by a mortgage on the Property pursuant to a Mortgage, Security Agreement and Fixture Financing Statement (the \u201cVBT Mortgage\u201d), dated March\u00a011, 2022, by and between Hosting and the VBT Lender, and a security interest in the all accounts receivable, rents and servicing agreements relating to the property and equipment as set forth in or required by the VBT Loan Agreement. \nOn July 25, 2022, Hosting entered into a Loan Agreement with Starion Bank (the \u201cStarion Lender\u201d) and the Company as Guarantor (the \u201cStarion Loan Agreement\u201d). The Starion Loan Agreement provides for a term loan (the \u201cStarion Loan\u201d) in the principal amount of $15.0 million with a maturity date of July 25, 2027. The Starion Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, representations and warranties and events of default.\n23\nAdvances on the Starion Loan shall not exceed the principal total of $15.0 million. The first advance on the Starion Loan was made at the time the Loan was entered into and was not to exceed 80% of the total principal amount of the Loan, or $12.0 million. The remaining 20% balance of this Loan shall be available for advance following Borrower's proof of 100% intended operating capacity of the Property.\nThe Starion Loan Agreement provides for an interest rate of 6.50% per annum. The proceeds of the Starion Loan will be used for (i) repayment of existing indebtedness under the VBT Loan Agreement and (ii) working capital needs and general corporate purposes.\nThe City of Jamestown, North Dakota and Stutsman County\u2019s Economic Development Fund provides a multimillion-dollar economic development program, available to assist with expanding or relocating businesses. As part of financial packages, the Jamestown Stutsman Development Corporation (JSDC) makes direct loans, equity investments, and interest buy-downs to businesses. Contingent upon such incentives, the Company expects the effective interest rate of the Loan to be less than 6.50% per annum after different state funds are applied to the Loan, pending final approval.\nThe Starion Loan is secured by a mortgage on the Property, and a security interest in the substantially all of the assets of Hosting as set forth in the Security Agreement dated as of July 25, 2022 by and between Hosting and the Starion Lender (the \u201cHosting Starion Security Agreement\u201d) and a security interest in the form of a collateral assignment of Company\u2019s rights and interests in a master hosting agreement related to the Property and records and data relating thereto as set forth in the Security Agreement dated as of July 25, 2022 by and among Hosting, the Company, as Grantor, and the Starion Lender (the \u201cCompany Starion Security Agreement\u201d). In addition, the Company unconditionally guaranteed Hosting\u2019s obligations to the Starion Lender, including under the Starion Loan, pursuant to an Unlimited Commercial Corporate Guaranty of the Company dated as of July 25, 2022.\nOn August 5, 2022, the VBT Term Loan was paid off in full and the VBT Term Loan Agreement and the associated VBT Mortgage were terminated.\nResults of Operations for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 (fiscal year 2022) compared to fiscal year ended May 31, 2021\n24\nFiscal Year Ended\nMay 31, 2022\nMay 31, 2021\nHosting revenue\n$\n8,549\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\nCost of revenues\n$\n9,506\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\nGross loss\n$\n(957)\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\nCosts and expenses:\nSelling, general and administrative\n$\n7,555\u00a0\n$\n332\u00a0\nStock-based compensation\n12,337\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nDepreciation and amortization\n49\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal costs and expenses\n$\n19,941\u00a0\n$\n332\u00a0\nOperating loss\n$\n(20,898)\n$\n(332)\nOther (expense) income:\nInterest expense\n$\n(112)\n$\n(236)\nGain on extinguishment of accounts payable\n406\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nLoss on extinguishment of debt\n(1,342)\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal other expense\n$\n(1,048)\n$\n(236)\nNet loss from continuing operations before income tax expenses\n(21,946)\n(568)\nIncome tax expenses\n(540)\n\u2014\u00a0\nNet loss from continuing operations\n$\n(22,486)\n$\n(568)\nNet loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes\n(1,044)\n\u2014\u00a0\nNet Loss including noncontrolling interests\n(23,530)\n(568)\nNet Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest\n10\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nNet loss attributable to Applied Blockchain\n(23,520)\n(568)\nAdjusted Amounts (a)\nAdjusted Operating Loss from Continuing Operations\n$(6,222)\n$(332)\nAdjusted Operating Margin from Continuing Operations\n(72.8)\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nAdjusted Net Loss from Continuing Operations\n$(7,810)\n$(568)\nOther Financial Data (a)\nEBITDA\n$(20,714)\n$(332)\nas a percentage of revenues\n(242.3)\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nAdjusted EBITDA\n$(6,038)\n$(332)\nas a percentage of revenues\n(70.6)\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n(a) Adjusted Amounts and Other Financial Data are non-GAAP performance measures. A reconciliation of reported amounts to adjusted amounts can be found in the \"Non-GAAP Measures and Reconciliation\" section of the MD&A.\nRevenues\nHosting revenues increased $8.5 million, or 100%, from the year ended May 31, 2021 to May 31, 2022. Hosting revenues for the quarter-ended May 31, 2021 were $0, compared to $7.5\u00a0million for the quarter-ended May 31, 2022 The increase in hosting revenues was driven by our completion of our first hosting facility in Jamestown, North Dakota, which was brought online in phases between the third and fourth fiscal quarters of fiscal year 2022.\nCost of Revenues\nCost of revenues increased $9.5 million, or 100%, from the year ended May 31, 2021 to May 31, 2022. The increase in cost of revenues was primarily driven by the initiation of our Co-hosting business in fiscal year 2022, which represent all of our continuing operations. Cost of revenues for the year ended May 31, 2022 consists of $986,000  of depreciation and amortization expense attributable to the property, plant and equipment at our Jamestown, ND \n25\nhosting facility, $8.1\u00a0million of energy costs used to generate our hosting revenues, and $414,000 of personnel expenses for employees directly working at the hosting facility.\nOperating Expenses\nSelling, general and administrative expense increased $7.2\u00a0million, or 2177%, from the year ended May 31, 2021 to May 31, 2022. This increase is driven by the initiation of our co-hosting business in fiscal year 2022, which represents our sole continuing operations. The two primary drivers of Selling, general and administrative expense are $2.3\u00a0million of employee salaries and benefits expense, and $2.4\u00a0million of professional service expenses incurred to support the growth of the business. \nStock-based compensation for service agreement increased $12.3\u00a0million, or 100%,  from the year ended May 31, 2021 to May 31, 2022. The expense was related to our service agreements with strategic partners, who provided advisory and consulting services in exchange for shares of common stock we issued to them. These services were fully rendered within the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. \nOther Expense\nInterest expense decreased by $124,000, or 52%, from the year ended May 31, 2021 to May 31, 2022. This decrease was driven by the change in our debt obligations. Interest expense for the year ended May 31, 2021 was incurred on related party notes, which bore interest at a annual rate of 16%. These notes were extinguished through a conversion to common stock which occurred on June 12, 2021. Interest expense in fiscal year 2022 relates to our  VBT Term Loan which we entered into on March 11, 2022.\nLoss on extinguishment of debt increased $1.3 million, or 100% from the year ended May 31, 2021 to May 31, 2022. This increase was driven by the extinguishment of our related party notes payable by conversion to common stock. The extinguishment loss reflects the difference in the carrying value of the notes and accrued interest and the fair value of the common stock issued in exchange for the debt.\nIncome tax expense increased by $540,000, or 100% from the year ended May 31, 2021 to May 31, 2022. This increase is a result of the commencement of our hosting operations in the third quarter of fiscal year 2022. \nLoss from Discontinued Operations\nBeginning in the quarter ended August 31, 2021 (the first quarter of fiscal year 2022), we began cryptoasset mining operations, using Nvidia GPU miners which we hosted at a facility operated by Coinmint. In fiscal year 2022, we made the strategic decision to discontinue our mining operations and focus on hosting operations in the future. As a result of this strategic shift, our mining operations were reclassified as discontinued operations.\nLoss from discontinued operations totaled $1.0\u00a0million for the year-ended May 31, 2022, and consists of  $3.0\u00a0million of mining revenues and a $1.2\u00a0million gain on the purchase and subsequent resale of miners, offset by $1.6\u00a0million of recurring mining costs and $393,000 in cryptocurrency impairment charges, and losses of $2.9\u00a0million  and $327,000 in the write-down of mining assets and assets purchased from Bitmain, respectively, as a result of presenting these assets as held-for sale within discontinued operations. As of May 31, 2022, the Company no longer generates revenues from mining operations.\n26\nNon-GAAP Measures\nFiscal Year Ended\nQuarter Ended\n$ in thousands\nMay 31, 2022\nMay 31, 2021\nMay 31, 2022\nMay 31, 2021\nAdjusted Operating Loss\nOperating loss from continuing operations (GAAP)\n$(20,898)\n$(332)\n$(4,266)\n$(332)\nAdd: Stock-based compensation for service agreement\n12,337\n\u2014\n\u2014\n\u2014\nAdd: Gain on extinguishment of accounts payable\n(406)\n\u2014\n\u2014\n\u2014\nAdd: Loss on extinguishment of debt\n1,342\n\u2014\n\u2014\n\u2014\nAdd: Non-recurring professional service costs\n1,310\n\u2014\n240\n\u2014\nAdd: Other non-recurring expenses\n93\n\u2014\n93\n\u2014\nAdjusted Operating Loss from continuing operations (Non-GAAP)\n$(6,222)\n$(332)\n$(3,933)\n$(332)\nAdjusted operating margin from continuing operations\n(72.8)\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n(52.3)\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nAdjusted Net Loss\nNet loss from continuing operations (GAAP)\n$(22,486)\n$(568)\n$(4,643)\n$(345)\nAdd: Stock-based compensation for service agreement\n12,337\n\u2014\n\u2014\n\u2014\nAdd: Gain on extinguishment of accounts payable\n(406)\n\u2014\n\u2014\n\u2014\nAdd: Loss on extinguishment of debt\n1,342\n\u2014\n\u2014\n\u2014\nAdd: Non-recurring professional service costs\n1,310\n\u2014\n240\n\u2014\nAdd: Other non-recurring expenses\n93\n\u2014\n93\n\u2014\nAdjusted Net Loss from continuing operations (Non-GAAP)\n$(7,810)\n$(568)\n$(4,310)\n$(345)\nEBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA\nNet loss from continuing operations (GAAP)\n$(22,486)\n$(568)\n$(4,643)\n$(345)\nAdd: Interest expense\n112\n236\n112\n13\nAdd: Income tax expense\n540\n\u2014\n266\n\u2014\nAdd: Depreciation and amortization\n1,120\n\u2014\n875\n\u2014\nEBITDA (non-GAAP)\n$(20,714)\n$(332)\n$(3,390)\n$(332)\nAdd: Stock-based compensation for service agreement\n12,337\n\u2014\n\u2014\n\u2014\nAdd: Gain on extinguishment of accounts payable\n(406)\n\u2014\n\u2014\n\u2014\nAdd: Loss on extinguishment of debt\n1,342\n\u2014\n\u2014\n\u2014\nAdd: Non-recurring professional service costs\n1,310\n\u2014\n240\n\u2014\nAdd: Other non-recurring expenses\n93\n\u2014\n93\n\u2014\nAdjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP)\n$(6,038)\n$(332)\n$(3,057)\n$(332)\nEBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA\n\u201cEBITDA\u201d is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization. \u201cAdjusted EBITDA\u201d is defined as EBITDA adjusted for stock-based compensation, gain on extinguishment of accounts payable, loss on extinguishment of debt, one-time professional service costs not directly related to the company\u2019s offering and therefore not deferred under the guidance in ASC 340 and SAB Topic 5A, and other one-time expenses. These costs have been adjusted as they are not indicative of business operations. Adjusted EBITDA is intended as a supplemental measure of Applied Blockchain\u2019s performance that is neither required by, nor presented in accordance with, GAAP. Applied Blockchain believes that the use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing its financial measures with those of comparable companies, which may present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. However, you should be aware that when evaluating EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, Applied Blockchain may incur future expenses similar to those excluded when calculating these measures. In addition, Applied Blockchain\u2019s presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that its future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Applied Blockchain\u2019s computation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to \n27\nother similarly titled measures computed by other companies, because all companies may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same fashion.\nBecause of these limitations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Applied Blockchain compensates for these limitations by relying primarily on its GAAP results and using EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA on a supplemental basis. You should review the reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA below and not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate Applied Blockchain\u2019s business.\nLiquidity and Capital Resources\n \nSources of Liquidity\n \nWe have generated cash from the sale of our equity securities, the sale of Ether generated from our discontinued mining operations, and the receipt of contractual deposits, revenue and pre-payments from hosting customers, and proceeds from loans. Since December 2020, when we began planning to acquire or build an operational business, we have raised aggregate gross proceeds of $51 million from issuances of our convertible preferred stock. On April 15, 2021, we received $16.5 million in gross proceeds from the issuance of our Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock and on July 30, 2021, we received $34.5 million in gross proceeds from the issuance of our Series D Preferred Stock. \nOn April 18, 2022, we received $40.0 million in gross proceeds from the issuance of 8 million shares of the Company\u2019s Common Stock in conjunction with the closing of our initial public offering. During the year ended May 31, 2021, we did not generate any revenue from crypto mining, co-hosting or otherwise. We have incurred net losses from operations. In June 2021, as a result of commencement of our crypto mining operations, we began to generate revenue. As of May 31, 2022  and May 31, 2021, we had cash of $46.3 million and $11.8 million respectively, and an accumulated deficit of $56.1\u00a0million and $21.6 million, respectively. On March 11, 2022, we entered into the VBT Loan Agreement for $7.5 million for a term of five years with an interest rate of 5% per annum. On August 5, 2022, the VBT Term Loan was paid off in full and the VBT Term Loan Agreement and the associated VBT Mortgage were terminated. \nOn July 25, 2022, Hosting entered into the Starion Loan Agreement. The Starion Loan Agreement provides for the Starion  Loan in the principal amount of $15 million with a maturity date of July 25, 2027. The Starion Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, representations and warranties and events of default, and provides for an interest rate of 6.50% per annum. \nFunding Requirements \nHaving ceased our operations in 2014, we have experienced net losses through our fiscal year ended May\u00a031, 2022. Our transition to profitability is dependent on the successful operation of our co-hosting facilities. We believe that amounts we received from our April\u00a02021 and July\u00a02021 sales of convertible preferred stock, from our crypto mining operations, prior to cessation of such operations on March 9, 2022, proceeds from term loan, proceeds from our initial public offering, and revenue we have begun to achieve in our co-hosting operations since our first co-hosting facility was brought online as to 92MW as of May 31, 2022, after planned expenditures to build our co-hosting operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs for at least the next 12 months.\nWe expect that our general and administrative expenses and our operating expenditures will continue to increase as we continue to expand our operations and as we bear the costs of being a public company. We expect significant increases in our investment in property and equipment as we expand our co-hosting capacity.  We also expect that our revenues will increase as we continue to bring online additional capacity, particularly at our Jamestown, ND, and Garden City, TX locations. We expect to need additional capital to fund continued growth, which we may obtain through one or more equity offerings, debt financings or other third-party funding. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the crypto mining industry, we are unable to estimate the amount of increased \n28\ncapital we may need to raise to continue to build additional co-hosting facilities and we may use our available capital sooner that we currently expect.\nWe believe that our existing cash, together with the anticipated revenues from current operations and debt funding opportunities, will enable us to fund our operating expense requirements through at least 12 months. We have based our estimates as to how long we expect we will be able to fund our operations on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect, in which case, we would be required to obtain additional financing sooner than currently projected, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy.\nCash Flows\n \nFor the year ended May 31, 2022, we used $0.9\u00a0million in cash from operating activities from continuing operations. Significant reconciling items between our net loss and our net cash inflows from operations include the $12.3\u00a0million stock-based operating expense described above, and our $1.3\u00a0million loss incurred upon the conversion of our related party notes payable to common stock. Our working capital also fluctuated, with accounts receivable and prepaid expenses increasing by $227,000  and $1.3\u00a0million, respectively , and accounts payable and accrued expenses increasing by $6.7\u00a0million. These fluctuations were the result of the normal timing differences accrual-basis revenue & expenses and cash payments and receipts. In addition, cash outflows related to our discontinued operations were  $10.1\u00a0million.\nFor the year ended May 31, 2022, we had $45.9\u00a0million of cash outflows from investing activities from continuing operations, which primarily consisted of $58.3\u00a0million of cash paid for property, plant, and equipment for our hosting facilities, partially offset by $3.3 million of a decrease in deposits on equipment as these were applied against equipment purchases. These are partially offset by $9.1\u00a0million in net inflows related to our discontinued operations, which consist of sales of mining equipment and Ether.\nFor the year ended May 31, 2022, we had $81.3\u00a0million of cash inflows from financing activities, which primarily consisted of inflows of $40.0\u00a0million from our initial public offering of common stock, $34.5\u00a0million from the placement of Class D preferred stock, and $7.3\u00a0million from term loan proceeds, less issuance costs of $2.9\u00a0million and $4.3\u00a0million related to these equity offerings.\nFor the year ended May 31, 2021, cash outflows from operating activities was $83,000 , which was primarily driven by accrued paid in kind interest and changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Net cash outflows from investing activities was $3.3\u00a0million, which was primarily driven by payments for deposits on equipment. Net cash outflows from financing activities was $15.1\u00a0million, which was primarily driven by the issuance of preferred stock, partially offset by issuance costs for preferred stock. \nOff Balance Sheet Arrangements\n \nNone. \nSignificant Accounting Pronouncements\n \nNone. \nRecent Accounting Pronouncements\n \nWe continually assess any new accounting pronouncements to determine their applicability. When it is determined that a new accounting pronouncement affects our financial reporting, we undertake a study to determine the consequences of the change to its consolidated financial statements and assures that there are proper controls in place to ascertain that our consolidated financial statements properly reflect the change. \n29\nIn August\u00a02020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt\u2009\u2014\u2009Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging\u2009\u2014\u2009Contracts in Entity\u2019s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity\u2019s Own Equity, which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December\u00a015, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal\u00a0years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal\u00a0years beginning after December\u00a015, 2020. This update permits the use of either the modified retrospective or fully retrospective method of transition. We are currently evaluating the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.\nIn September 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments \u2013 Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 amends guidance on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available for sale debt securities. For assets held at amortized cost basis, ASU 2016-13 eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold in current GAAP; and instead requires an entity to reflect its current estimate of all expected credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial assets to present the net amount expected to be collected. For available-for-sale debt securities, credit losses should be measured in a manner similar to current GAAP; however, this ASU requires that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down. ASU 2016-13 affects companies holding financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net income. The ASU 2016-13 amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off balance-sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the scope that have the contractual right to receive cash. ASU 2016-13 was originally effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. In November 2019, the FASB approved a delay of the required implementation date of ASU 2016-13 for smaller reporting companies, including the Company, resulting in a required implementation date for the Company of January 1, 2023. Early adoption will continue to be permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.\nCritical Accounting Estimates\nOur consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (\u201cGAAP\u201d). In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.\nOur significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 3 \u2013 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.", "item7a": ">Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk\nMarket risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our financial instruments are denominated in United States Dollars and are not subject to interest rate or foreign currency exchange risks. Our term note facility and the note payable issued thereunder bears interest at a fixed interest rate. We do not hold any derivative instruments or other financial instruments.\nOur market risk exposure is primarily a result of exposure due to potential changes in inflation. \nInflation Risk\n30\nInflationary factors such as increases in costs may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our operating expenses.\nWe manage a portion of our inflation risk through our participation in a long-term Electricity Supply Agreement, through which we have negotiated a fixed rate for the electricity to be used by our Jamestown, ND mining facility. This electricity cost represents a significant portion of our cost of revenues. \n31", "companyName": "APPLIED DIGITAL CORP", "cusip": "038222105"}