{"item1": ">ITEM\u00a01.\nBUSINESS.\nOverview\nApplied DNA Sciences is a biotechnology company developing and commercializing technologies to produce and detect deoxyribonucleic acid (\u201cDNA\u201d). Using the polymerase chain reaction (\u201cPCR\u201d) to enable both the production and detection of DNA, we operate in three primary business segments: (i)\u00a0the manufacture of synthetic DNA for use in nucleic acid-based therapeutics (\u201cTherapeutic DNA Production Services\u201d); (ii)\u00a0the detection of DNA in molecular diagnostics (\u201cMDx\u201d) testing services (\u201cMDx Testing Services\u201d); and (iii)\u00a0the manufacture and detection of DNA for industrial supply chain security services (\u201cDNA Tagging and Security Products and Services\u201d).\nOur growth strategy is to primarily focus our resources on the further development, commercialization, and customer adoption of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services, including the expansion of our contract development and manufacturing operation (\u201cCDMO\u201d) for the manufacture of DNA for use in nucleic acid-based therapies and the development of our own product candidates in veterinary health.\nCorporate History\nWe are a Delaware corporation, which was initially formed in 1983 under the laws of the State of Florida as Datalink Systems,\u00a0Inc. In 1998, we reincorporated in the State of Nevada, and in 2002, we changed our name to our current name, Applied DNA Sciences,\u00a0Inc. On December\u00a017, 2008, we reincorporated from the State of Nevada to the State of Delaware.\nOur corporate headquarters are located at the Long Island High Technology Incubator at Stony Brook University in Stony Brook, New York, where we have established laboratories for the manufacture and detection of DNA to support our various business units. In addition, this location also houses our New York State Department of Health (\u201cNYSDOH\u201d) Clinical Laboratory Evaluation Program (\u201cCLEP\u201d)-permitted, Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (\u201cCLIA\u201d)-certified clinical laboratory where we perform MDx testing. The mailing address of our corporate headquarters is 50 Health Sciences Drive, Stony Brook, New York 11790, and our telephone number is (631) 240-8800.\nIndustry Background and Markets\nTherapeutic DNA Production Services\nThrough our LinearRx, Inc. (\u201cLRx\u201d) subsidiary we are developing and commercializing the LinearDNA (\u201clinearDNA\u201d) platform. The linearDNA platform enables the rapid, efficient, and large-scale cell-free manufacture of high-fidelity synthetic DNA sequences for use in nucleic acid-based therapeutics. The linearDNA platform enzymatically produces a linear form of DNA we call \u2018linearDNA\u2019 that is an alternative to plasmid-based DNA manufacturing technologies that have supplied the DNA used in biotherapeutics for the past 40 years.\nThe DNA manufactured via our linearDNA platform may be used by a customer directly as a drug or biological product or it may be incorporated by a customer into a drug or biological product. To date, none of our linearDNA has been incorporated into a drug or biological product approved by any regulatory body. We do not know if our linearDNA will be incorporated into a drug or biological product that will be approved by any regulatory body but believe it has this potential as described herein.\n5\n\n\nTable of Contents\nWe believe our enzymatic linearDNA platform has numerous advantages over existing cell-based plasmid DNA manufacturing platforms. Plasmid-based DNA manufacturing is based on the complex, costly and time-consuming biological process of amplifying DNA in living cells. Once amplified, the DNA must be separated from the living cells and other process contaminants via multiple rounds of purification, adding further complexity and costs. Unlike plasmid-based DNA manufacturing, the linearDNA platform does not require living cells and instead amplifies DNA via the enzymatic process of PCR. The linearDNA platform is simple, with only four ingredient inputs, and can rapidly produce very large quantities of DNA without the need for complex purification steps.\nWe believe the key advantages of the linearDNA platform include:\n\u25cf\nSpeed\u00a0\u2013 Production of linearDNA can be measured in terms of hours, not days and weeks as is the case with plasmid-based DNA manufacturing platforms.\n\u25cf\nScalability\u00a0\u2013 linearDNA production takes place on efficient bench-top instruments, allowing for rapid scalability in a minimal footprint.\n\u25cf\nPurity\u00a0\u2013 DNA produced via PCR is pure, resulting in only large quantities of only the target DNA sequence. Unwanted DNA sequences such as plasmid backbone and antibiotic resistance genes, inherent to plasmid DNA, are not present in linearDNA.\n\u25cf\nSimplicity\u00a0\u2013 The production of linearDNA is streamlined relative to plasmid-based DNA production. linearDNA requires only four primary ingredients, does not require living cells or complex fermentation systems and does not require multiple rounds of purification.\n\u25cf\nFlexibility\u00a0\u2013 DNA produced via the linearDNA platform can be easily chemically modified to suit specific customer applications. In addition, the linearDNA platform can produce a wide range of complex DNA sequences that are difficult to produce via plasmid-based DNA production platforms. These complex sequences include inverted terminal repeats (ITRs) and polyadenylation sequences (poly (A)\u00a0tail) important to gene therapy and mRNA therapies, respectively.\nPreclinical studies have shown that linearDNA is substitutable for plasmid DNA in numerous nucleic acid-based therapies, including:\n\u25cf\ntherapeutic and prophylactic DNA vaccines;\n\u25cf\nDNA templates for \nin vitro \ntranscription to produce ribonucleic acid (\u201cRNA\u201d), including messenger RNA (\u201cmRNA\u201d); and\n\u25cf\nadoptive cell therapy manufacturing.\nFurther, we believe that linearDNA is also substitutable for plasmid DNA in the following nucleic acid-based therapies:\n\u25cf\nviral vector manufacturing for \nin vivo \nand \nex vivo \ngene editing;\n\u25cf\nClustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (\u201cCRISPR\u201d)-mediated homology-directed repair (\u201cHDR\u201d); and\n\u25cf\nnon-viral gene therapy.\nAs of the third quarter of calendar 2022, there were 3,694 gene, cell and RNA therapies in development from preclinical through pre-registration stages, almost all of which use DNA in their manufacturing process. (Source: ASGCT Gene, Cell\u00a0& RNA Therapy Landscape: Q3 2022 Quarterly Report). Due to what we believe are the linearDNA platform\u2019s numerous advantages over legacy plasmid-based DNA manufacturing platforms, we believe this large number of therapies under development represents a substantial market opportunity for linearDNA to supplant plasmid DNA in the manufacture of nucleic acid-based therapies.\n6\n\n\nTable of Contents\nOur linearDNA is currently manufactured pursuant to Good Laboratory Practices (\u201cGLP\u201d) that we believe are sufficient for pre-clinical discovery and development of nucleic acid-based therapies. In addition, for indirect clinical use of linearDNA (i.e., where linearDNA is a starting material but is not incorporated into the final therapeutic product, as is the case with the production of mRNA or certain viral vectors), we believe that high-quality grade GLP linearDNA is sufficient for clinical and commercial stage customers of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services. For the direct clinical use of our linearDNA (i.e., nucleic acid-based therapies where our linearDNA is incorporated into the final therapeutic product, as in the production of DNA vaccines, adoptive cell therapies and certain gene therapies) we believe clinical and commercial-stage customers of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services will generally require our manufacturing facilities to meet current Good Manufacturing Practices (\u201ccGMP\u201d). We currently do not have any manufacturing facilities that meet cGMP. We will need to develop and maintain manufacturing facilities that meet cGMP to support customers that wish to use our linearDNA for direct clinical use and for indirect clinical use customers who request linearDNA manufactured under cGMP. In the longer term, we believe that the development and maintenance of a cGMP manufacturing facility for linearDNA will benefit the entirety of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services business, in both direct and indirect clinical applications. We are in the design phase for a cGMP manufacturing facility, with expected cGMP manufacturing to begin in the second half of calendar 2023.\nOur business strategy for the linearDNA platform is: (i)\u00a0to utilize our current GLP LinearDNA production capacity to secure CDMO contracts to supply linearDNA to pre-clinical therapy developers, as well as clinical and commercial therapy developers and manufacturers that are pursuing therapeutics that require the indirect clinical use of linearDNA; and (ii)\u00a0upon our development of cGMP linearDNA production facilities, to secure CDMO contracts with clinical stage therapy developers and commercial manufactures to supply linearDNA for direct clinical use.\nIn addition, we plan to leverage our Therapeutic DNA Production Services and deep knowledge of PCR to develop and monetize, ourselves or with strategic partners, one or more linearDNA-based therapeutic or prophylactic vaccines for the veterinary health market. Currently, we have in-licensed a therapeutic DNA vaccine candidate against canine lymphoma, which accounts for up to 24% of all cancers in canines. Our lymphoma vaccine candidate was licensed from Takis S.R.L and EvviVax, S.R.L. for exclusive use by the Company in association with our linearDNA platform, and is subject to certain commercialization milestones. We currently seek to commercialize our canine lymphoma vaccine in conjunction with lipid nanoparticle (LNP) encapsulation to facilitate intramuscular (\u201cIM\u201d) administration. We have recently demonstrated \nin vitro\n and \nin vivo \n(mice studies) expression of generic reporter proteins via linearDNA encapsulated by LNPs. For the \nin vivo \nstudy, successful expression of the LNP-encapsulated linearDNA was administered and achieved via IM injection. We believe the linearDNA platform provides a substantial advantage to the development and monetization of a therapeutic DNA vaccine against canine lymphoma.\nMDx Testing Services\nThrough Applied DNA Clinical Labs, LLC (\u201cADCL\u201d), our clinical laboratory subsidiary, we leverage our expertise in DNA detection via PCR to provide and develop clinical MDx testing services. ADCL is a NYSDOH and CLEP permitted, CLIA-certified laboratory which is currently permitted for virology. In providing MDx testing services, ADCL employs its own or third-party molecular diagnostic tests.\nUnder our MDx testing services, ADCL currently provides COVID-19 testing for large populations marketed under our safeCircle\nTM\n\u00a0trademark. Leveraging ADCL\u2019s customizable high-throughput robotic pooled testing workflow and the CLEARED4 digital health platform owned and operated by CLEARED4\u00a0Inc. (the \u201cCLEARED4 Platform\u201d), our safeCircle testing service is an adaptable turnkey large population COVID-19 testing solution that provides for all aspects of COVID-19 testing, including test scheduling, sample collection and automated results reporting. Our safeCircle testing service utilizes high-sensitivity robotically-pooled real-time PCR (\u201cRT-PCR\u201d) testing to help mitigate virus spread by quickly identifying COVID-19 infections within a community, school, or workplace. Our safeCircle COVID-19 testing is performed using either the Company\u2019s internally developed Linea 2.0 RT-PCR Assay, a NYSDOH conditionally approved laboratory developed test (\u201cLDT\u201d) or third-party emergency use authorization (\u201cEUA\u201d)-authorized RT-PCR COVID-19 assays. Our safeCircle testing service also incorporates the CLEARED4 Platform to enable large-scale digital test scheduling, in-field sample collection and registration, and results reporting. By leveraging the combination of our robotically-pooled workflows and the CLEARED4 Platform, our safeCircle testing services typically return testing results within 24 to 48 hours. We currently provide safeCircle testing services to higher education institutions, private clients, and businesses located in New York State.\n7\n\n\nTable of Contents\nADCL has also developed PCR-based MDx testing services for the Monkeypox virus, which are currently approved by NYSDOH. These services are designed to run on the same high-throughput platform utilized by our COVID-19 testing services and provides ADCL\u2019s with a substantial testing throughput. Demand for these types of services may vary greatly depending upon public health requirements, e.g., Monkeypox testing is now a lower public health priority, and we intend to pursue such opportunities on an opportunistic basis.\nIn addition to our infectious disease testing services, we are currently validating pharmacogenetics (\u201cPGx\u201d) testing services. Our PGx testing services will initially utilize a 120-target PGx panel test to evaluate the unique genotype of a specific patient to help guide individual drug therapy decisions. Our PGx testing services are designed to interrogate DNA targets on over 35 genes and provide genotyping information relevant to certain cardiac, mental health and pain management drug therapies. In addition, PGx testing services have been shown to significantly reduce healthcare costs both for individual patients as well as payors. We believe the economics of complex MDx testing services such as PGx are more favorable to the Company as compared to high-volume, low-complexity MDx tests such as COVID-19 testing. Our PGx testing services will require NYSDOH approval prior to initiating our patient testing services. If approved, we plan to commercialize our PGx testing services by offering PGx testing services to other clinical laboratories, large healthcare systems and self-insured entities. We have completed analytical validation of our PGx testing services and are currently undertaking clinical validation studies that are expected to be completed by the end of calendar\u00a0year 2022.\nGoing forward, our business strategy for ADCL is to leverage our deep knowledge of PCR to develop and commercialize high complexity, high value and differentiated MDx testing services that will be offered to other clinical laboratories and healthcare facilities as clinical reference laboratory testing services. We believe operating as a clinical reference laboratory has several advantages when compared to operating as a typical clinical non-reference laboratory, including:\n\u25cf\nthe ability to leverage our deep expertise in PCR to develop and perform high-value esoteric MDx testing services not performed by conventional clinical non-reference laboratories;\n\u25cf\nreduced sample acquisition costs;\n\u25cf\nreduced marketing costs; and\n\u25cf\na national customer base that may lead to a larger total addressable market.\nThe clinical reference laboratory services market is forecasted to have incremental growth of $26.0B between 2020 and 2025 with a 6.71% compound annual growth rate (\u201cCAGR\u201d). We believe that the rapidly increasing number of specialized MDx tests for early disease detection, disease prognosis, disease risk, companion diagnostics and personalized medicine will drive an increase in the demand for highly specialized MDx clinical reference laboratory services.\nDNA Tagging and Security Products and Services\nBy leveraging our expertise in both the manufacture and detection of DNA via PCR, our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services allow our customers to use non-biologic DNA tags manufactured on our linearDNA platform to mark objects in a unique manner and then identify these objects by detecting the absence or presence of the DNA tag. We believe our DNA tags are not economically feasible nor practical to replicate, and that our disruptive tracking platform offers broad commercial relevance across many industry verticals. The Company\u2019s core DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services, which are marketed collectively as a platform under the trademark CertainT\u00ae, include:\n\u25cf\nSigNature\u00ae Molecular Tags, which are short non-biologic DNA taggants produced by the Company\u2019s linearDNA platform, provide a methodology to authenticate goods within large and complex supply chains for materials such as cotton, leather, pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals and other products.\n\u25cf\nSigNify\u00ae IF portable DNA readers and SigNify consumable reagent test kits provide definitive real-time authentication of the Company\u2019s DNA tags in the field, providing a front-line solution for supply chain integrity backed with forensic-level molecular tag authentication. The Company\u2019s software platform enables customers to track materials throughout a supply chain or product life.\n8\n\n\nTable of Contents\n\u25cf\nfiberTyping\u00ae, which uses PCR-based DNA detection to determine a cotton cultivar, and other product genotyping services that utilize PCR-based DNA detection to detect a product\u2019s naturally occurring DNA sequences for the purposes of product provenance authentication and supply chain security.\nOur DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services are fully developed, highly scalable, and currently used in several commercial applications. To date, our largest commercial application for our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services is in the tracking and provenance authentication of cotton. Cotton home textile products utilizing our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services are available in national retail chains including Costco\n\u00ae\n\u00a0and Bed Bath\u00a0& Beyond\n\u00ae\n.\nWe believe that the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act (\u201cUFLPA\u201d), signed into law on December\u00a023, 2021, may be helpful to increase demand for our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services. The UFLPA establishes a rebuttable presumption that any goods mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (\u201cXUAR\u201d) of the People\u2019s Republic of China are not entitled to entry to the United States. The presumption applies unless the importer of record has complied with specified conditions and, by clear and convincing evidence, shown that the goods were\u00a0not produced using forced labor. On June\u00a017, 2022, an implementation strategy for the UFLPA was published that listed DNA tagging as evidence that importers may present to potentially prove that a good did not originate in XUAR or did not benefit from forced labor. Approximately 20% of the world\u2019s cotton garments contain cotton that originated in the XUAR.\nOur business plan is to leverage growing consumer and governmental awareness for product traceability and the newly enacted UFLPA to expand our existing partnerships and seek new partnerships for our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services with a focus on cotton and synthetic fibers. We do not know when and whether our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services will have increased demand based on the UFLPA or any other track-and-trace-type requirements for any products.\nSales and Marketing\nWe have seven employees engaged in sales and marketing, of which four are directly involved with sales.\nResearch and Development\nFor all of our business segments, we believe that our continued development of new and enhanced technologies is essential to our future success.\nIn our Therapeutic DNA Production Services segment, our research and development efforts are focused on the development and optimization of our linearDNA platform and the development of linearDNA-based vaccines for the veterinary health market. linearDNA platform development and optimization is focused on increased DNA yields, purification workflows and enzyme system optimization. For our linearDNA-based vaccines, our research and development efforts are focused on the development of a cost-effective LNP formulation that can achieve therapeutic antigen expression via linearDNA to facilitate IM administration of linearDNA vaccines.\nIn our MDx Testing Services segment, our research and development efforts are primarily focused on the development and validation of our PGx testing services. Our PGx testing services will utilize a 120-target PGx panel test to evaluate the unique genotype of a specific patient to help guide individual drug therapy decisions. Our PGx testing services are designed to interrogate DNA targets on over 35 genes and provide genotyping information relevant to certain cardiac, mental health and pain management drug therapies.\nOur research and development efforts for our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services segment are primarily focused on incorporating DNA molecular tags into carriers such as textiles, thermoplastics and pharmaceuticals and then authenticating DNA obtained from those marked products both in our laboratories and in the field, with the use of portable infield DNA readers and proprietary reagents.\nWe incurred approximately $3.9 million and $4.2 million on research and development activities for the fiscal\u00a0years ended September\u00a030, 2022 and 2021, respectively.\n9\n\n\nTable of Contents\nRaw Materials and Suppliers\nOur sources of raw materials include synthesized sources of DNA which we are able to replicate to use in our product offerings and that are available from multiple sources. In addition, we utilize DNA polymerase (\u201cDNAP\u201d) in all of our PCR reactions to amplify DNA. DNAP is available from multiple sources. For our Therapeutic DNA Production Services, our services may be optimized for a specific DNAP. Unforeseen discontinuation or unavailability of a certain DNAP produced by a single provider could cause production delays as we modify our product specifications and workflows to accommodate a replacement DNAP.\nManufacturing\nFor our Therapeutic DNA Production Services and DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services segments, we have the capability to manufacture large quantities of DNA via our linearDNA platform at our facility in Stony Brook. For our MDx Testing Services segment, we also manufacture COVID-19 diagnostic assay kits in our Stony Brook facility. We also have in-house capabilities to complete all authentications for our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services segment in our Stony Brook location and textile authentications in our India location.\nDistribution of our Products/Services and Commercial Agreements\nOur products/services are distributed in the following ways:\n\u25cf\ndirectly to the customer;\n\u25cf\nthrough channel partners; and\n\u25cf\nthrough licensed distributors.\nWe have entered into the following agreements and arrangements for the distribution of our products and services, among others:\nCity University of New York. \nDuring August\u00a02021 ADCL was awarded a competitively-bid COVID-19 testing contract by the City University of New York (CUNY) Board of Trustees to facilitate the University\u2019s reopening in the fall of 2021 (the \u201cContract\u201d). The initial Contract term was\u00a012\u00a0months, had a maximum value not to exceed $35.0\u00a0million, and contained no minimum weekly testing commitment. During August\u00a02022 the Contract was extended for an additional twelve-months under the same terms as the original Contract. The Contract specifies ADCL\u2019s deployment of safeCircle\u2122, to provide weekly asymptomatic diagnostic COVID-19 screening of on-campus unvaccinated students, staff, and faculty, and a random sampling of vaccinated individuals across the CUNY school system. ADCL\u2019s solution includes the use of subcontractor CLEARED4\u2019s health verification platform for appointments, sample tracking, and value-add services of campus access management. As prime contractor, ADCL will also provide on-site staffing and sample transport and logistics.\nCollaboration and Licensing Agreements\nCLEARED4. \nDuring December\u00a02020 ADCL entered into a reseller and sales referral partnership with\u00a0CLEARED4 a digital healthcare company focused on COVID-19 vaccine management and testing administration. Under the terms of the agreement, ADCL can resell subscriptions to CLEARED4\u2019s platform as part of ADCL\u2019s safeCircle\u2122\u00a0COVID-19 testing programs, and CLEARED4 can refer its clients seeking pooled COVID-19 testing to ADCL. Together with CLEARED4, we have integrated ADCL\u2019s safeCircle laboratory testing operations with CLEARED4\u2019s digital health platform as a value-added option for current and prospective ADCL clients. CLEARED4 has also integrated ADCL\u2019s safeCircle testing solutions into its digital health platform and can offer safeCircle to its existing and prospective clients to enhance their COVID-19 safety protocols. The majority of ADCL\u2019s safeCircle customers also utilized the CLEARED4 platform. On November\u00a05, 2021, we announced that safeCircle testing integrated with the CLEARED4 Platform can provide a single integrated solution for vaccine status management and weekly COVID-19 testing for unvaccinated individuals as required by OSHA\u2019s Emergency Temporary Standard of the same date.\nTakis S.R.L. and Evvivax S.R.L. \nDuring August\u00a02021, we entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Takis S.R.L. and Evvivax S.R.L. relating to DNA vaccines for SARS-CoV-2 and canine lymphoma. The license agreement grants the Company exclusive rights \n10\n\n\nTable of Contents\nto the DNA vaccine constructs in association with its linearDNA platform, and is subject to certain commercialization milestones to maintain exclusive rights.\nCornell University College of Veterinary Medicine. \nDuring September\u00a02021, we entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement with Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine (\u201cCornell University\u201d) relating to the development of certain linearDNA vaccines against infectious disease. Under this agreement, the Company and Cornell University conducted a SARS-CoV-2 challenge trail in ferrets that showed that a linearDNA vaccine using concomitant electroporation was protective against SARS-CoV-2 infection in ferrets. In addition, during March\u00a02022 the Company and Cornell University entered into an additional Sponsored Research Agreement under which the parties seek to develop several linearDNA/LNP vaccine candidates against veterinary infectious diseases.\nCustomer Concentration\nOur revenues earned from sale of products and services for the fiscal\u00a0year ended September\u00a030, 2022 includes 58% from one customer within our MDx Testing Services segment. At September\u00a030, 2022, two customers accounted for 89% of our accounts receivable. Our revenues earned from sale of products and services for the fiscal\u00a0year ended September\u00a030, 2021 includes 18% and 13%, respectively from two customers within our MDx Testing Services segment. At September\u00a030, 2021, two customers accounted for 67% of our accounts receivable. Generally, our customers do not have an obligation to make purchases from us and may stop ordering our products and services or may terminate existing orders or contracts at any time with little or no financial penalty. The loss of any of our significant customers, any substantial decline in sales to these customers, or any significant change in the timing or volume of purchases by our customers, could result in lower revenues and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.\nCompetition\nSome of our competitors that operate in the nucleic-acid based therapeutic, biologics and DNA manufacturing markets include: Precigen,\u00a0Inc., Aldevron, LLC, Cobra Biologics, Limited,\u00a0Integrated DNA Technologies,\u00a0Inc., 4basebio PLC, Ziopharm Oncology,\u00a0Inc., MaxCyte,\u00a0Inc., Touchlight Genetics\u00a0Ltd., Generation Bio,\u00a0Co., Novartis AG, Kite Pharma,\u00a0Inc., Juno Therapeutics,\u00a0Inc., Promega Corporation, OriGene Technologies, Inc., Blue Heron Biotech, LLC, Gene Art, GenScript Biotech Corporation, Merck & Co., Inc. and others.\nSome of our competitors that operate in the veterinary biologics space include Zoetis, Inc., Merck Animal Health, Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health USA, Inc., Elanco Animal Health Incorporated, Dechra Pharmaceuticals plc, Invetx, Inc. and Ceva Animal Health LLC. \nSome of our competitors that operation in the molecular and genetic diagnostic space include 23andMe, Inc., Laboratory Corporation of America (LabCorp); Quest Diagnostics Inc., Myriad Genetics, Inc., ARUP Laboratories, Sonic Healthcare USA, Everly Well, Inc and, Fulgent Genetics, Inc.\nSome of our competitors that operate in the supply chain security and product authentication markets include: AlpVision Sa, Authentix, Inc., Brandwatch \u00a0Technologies,\u00a0Inc., Chromologic LLC, Collectors Universe,\u00a0Inc., DataDot Technology Limited, De La Rue Plc., Digimarc Corporation, DNA Technologies,\u00a0Inc., Haelixa\u00a0Ltd.,\u00a0ICA Bremen GmbH,\u00a0IEH Corporation,\u00a0Informium AG, opSec Security Group\u00a0plc., MicroTag Temed\u00a0Ltd., Nanotech Security Corp., Nokomis,\u00a0Inc., Oritain Global Limited, SafeTraces,\u00a0Inc., Selectamark Security Systems plc, SmartWater Technology,\u00a0Inc., Sun Chemical Corporation, TraceTag International\u00a0Ltd., TruTag Technologies,\u00a0Inc., Tailorlux gmbH and YottaMark,\u00a0Inc.\nWe expect competition with our products and services to continue and intensify in the future. We believe competition in our principal markets is primarily driven by:\n\u25cf\nproduct performance, features and liability;\n\u25cf\nprice;\n\u25cf\ntiming of product introductions;\n\u25cf\nability to develop, maintain and protect proprietary products and technologies;\n11\n\n\nTable of Contents\n\u25cf\nsales and distribution capabilities;\n\u25cf\ntechnical support and service;\n\u25cf\nbrand loyalty; and\n\u25cf\napplications support.\nIf a competitor develops superior technology or cost-effective alternatives to our products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed.\nIntellectual Property\nThe proprietary nature of and protection for our various technologies and know-how are important to our business. Our success depends in part on our ability to protect the proprietary nature of our technologies and know-how, to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. We seek and maintain patent protection in the United States and internationally for our various technologies associated with our three primary business markets. We endeavor to patent or in-license technology, inventions and improvements that we consider important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how and continuing innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position.\nBecause the development of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services and MDx Testing Services businesses are at an early stage, our intellectual property portfolio with respect to certain technologies associated with these businesses is also at an early stage. As further described below, we have filed or intend to file patent applications on certain technologies associated with these business markets, and as we continue the development of our technologies, we intend to identify additional means of obtaining patent protection that would potentially enhance commercial success.\nWe cannot be certain that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our technology. Any of our intellectual property and proprietary rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated, or such intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages. For more information, see \u201c\nRisk Factors\u2009\u2014\u2009Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property\n.\u201d\nAs of December\u00a09, 2022, our patent portfolio included the following issued and pending patent applications applicable to each of our three primary business markets:\n\u25cf\nTherapeutic DNA Production Services\no\n5 issued patents and 10 pending patent applications in the United States\no\n11 issued foreign patents and 5 pending foreign patent applications\n\u25cf\nMDx Testing Services\no\n5 issued patents and 1 pending patent applications in the United States\no\n4 issued foreign patents and 1 pending foreign patent applications\n\u25cf\nDNA Tagging and Security Products and Services\no\n28 issued patents and 5 pending patent applications in the United States\no\n47 issued foreign patents and 14 pending foreign patent applications\n12\n\n\nTable of Contents\nIn addition to patent protection, we also rely on trademarks, trade secrets, know how, other proprietary information and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. In our Therapeutic DNA Production Services, we currently rely heavily on trade secret protection. We seek to protect and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary information to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees and consultants, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual\u2019s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. Our agreements with employees also provide that all inventions conceived by the employee in the course of employment with us or from the employee\u2019s use of our confidential information are our exclusive property. However, such confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements can be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, see \u201c\nRisk Factors\u2009\u2014\u2009Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property\n.\u201d\nThe patent positions of biotechnology companies like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third party patent would require us to alter our development or commercial strategies, or our manufacturing processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or our failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights required to develop or commercialize our future products or services may have a material adverse impact on us. If third parties prepare and file patent applications in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, to determine priority of invention. For more information, see \u201c\nRisk Factors\u2009\u2014\u2009Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property\n.\u201d\nGovernment Approvals of Commercial Non-Biologic Products\nWe do not require any governmental approvals of our currently commercialized DNA Tagging and Security Product and Services.\nGovernment Regulations for COVID-19 Testing\nSurveillance testing is generally not regulated by the FDA and Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (\u201cCMS\u201d) has stated that CLIA certification is not required to conduct surveillance testing to report non patient-specific results. ADCL is offering its safeCircle\nTM\n surveillance testing in compliance with current Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (\u201cCDC\u201d), FDA, CMS and New York State Department of Health recommendations.\nIn addition, clinical diagnostic testing and the review and approval of LDTs in New York State falls under the jurisdiction of NYSDOH. ADCL is offering all clinical diagnostic testing and LDTs in compliance with NYSDOH regulations. For more information regarding the risks related to our COVID-19 testing services and our LDTs, see \u201c\nRisks Related to Regulatory Approval of Our Customer and Collaborator\u2019s Pharmaceutical and Biotherapeutic Product Candidates and Other Legal Compliance Matters\n\u201d\nGovernment Approvals of Drug and Biologic Products\nThe DNA manufactured via our linearDNA platform may be used by a customer directly as a drug or biological product or it may be incorporated by a customer into a drug or biological product. We do not plan to seek approval of a drug or licensure of a biological product based on our linearDNA platform, except with respect to the veterinary health market, but the demand for our linearDNA is in part dependent on our customer\u2019s ability to seek and obtain approval of a drug or biological product using our technology.\nDrug and biologic products which are subject to extensive regulation by FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in foreign countries. Biologics include a wide range of products such as vaccines, gene therapy, and recombinant therapeutic proteins. Biologics can be composed of sugars, proteins or nucleic acids or complex combinations of these substances. They may also be living entities such as cells or tissue. Some of our product candidates may be incorporated into drugs and biologics that are or will be subject to regulation as described in the next section. Some of our products may be drugs or biologics that are subjected themselves to regulation as described in the following section. In either case, we are unlikely to receive material revenues until the \n13\n\n\nTable of Contents\nrelated drug or biologic candidate receives regulatory approval. The FDA and other authorities regulate among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and import and export of drug and biologic products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to file a marketing application, to issue a Complete Response letter or to not approve pending New Drug Applications (\u201cNDA\u201d) or Biologics Licensing Applications (\u201cBLA\u201d), or to issue warning letters, untitled letters, Form\u00a0483s, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties, litigation, government investigation and criminal prosecution.\nDrug and biologic products that must undergo preclinical and clinical evaluation relating to product safety and efficacy before they are approved as commercial therapeutics products. The regulatory authorities having jurisdiction in the countries in which our collaborators and customers intend to market their products may delay or put on hold clinical trials, delay approval of a product or determine that the product is not approvable. The FDA and comparable government authorities having jurisdiction in the countries in which our customers intend to market their products have the authority to withdraw product approval or suspend manufacture if there are significant problems with raw materials or supplies, quality control and assurance, safety, efficacy or the product is deemed adulterated or misbranded.\nGovernment Regulation of Pharmaceutical and Biologic Products\nThe DNA manufactured via our linearDNA platform may be used by a customer directly as a drug or biological product or it may be incorporated by a customer into a drug or biological product. We do not plan to seek approval of a drug or licensure of a biological product based on our linearDNA platform, except with respect to the veterinary health market, but the demand for our linearDNA is in part dependent on our customer\u2019s ability to seek and obtain approval of a drug or biological product using our technology.\nIn the United States, the FDA regulates drugs and biologics under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, the Public Health Service Act, or PHS Act, and their implementing regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources.\nIn addition, veterinary DNA vaccines and therapeutics in the United States are subject to review and regulatory approval by the United States Department of Agriculture (\u201cUSDA\u201d). The USDA\u2019s Center for Veterinary Biologics is responsible for the regulation of animal health vaccines, including certain immunotherapeutics. All manufacturers of animal health biologicals must show their products to be pure, safe, effective and produced by a consistent method of manufacture as defined under the Virus Serum Toxin Act. Post-approval monitoring of products is required. Reports of product quality defects, adverse events or unexpected results are submitted in accordance with the agency requirements.\nPreclinical Studies\nPreclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess potential safety and efficacy. In an Investigational New Drug Application (\u201cIND\u201d) a sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted.\nClinical Trials\nClinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug or biologic product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with current Good Clinical Practices (\u201ccGCP\u201d) requirements. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA. In addition, an independent Institutional Review Board (\u201cIRB\u201d), at each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it initiates at that institution. Information about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, for public dissemination on their www.clinicaltrials.gov website.\nProgress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. Furthermore, the FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, \n14\n\n\nTable of Contents\nincluding a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB\u2019s requirements or if the drug or biologic has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients.\nMarketing Approval\nAssuming successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of the preclinical and clinical studies, together with detailed information relating to the product\u2019s chemistry, manufacture, controls and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications.\nOnce the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA reviews an NDA or BLA to determine, among other things, whether the drug or biologic is safe and effective and whether the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packaged or held meets standards designed to assure the product\u2019s continued safety, quality and purity.\nBefore approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities comply with cGMP requirements and are adequate to ensure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with cGCP requirements.\nAfter evaluating the NDA or BLA and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter, or, in some cases, a complete response letter, or CRL. A CRL generally contains a statement of specific conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA or BLA and may require additional clinical or preclinical testing in order for FDA to reconsider the application.\nAfter approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes, and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval.\nPost-Approval Requirements\nDrugs or biologics manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion and reporting of adverse experiences with the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims are subject to prior FDA review and approval.\nThe FDA may impose a number of post-approval requirements as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA.\nIn addition, drug and biologic manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs or biologics are required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP requirements and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance.\nOnce an approval of a drug or biologic is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in mandatory revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Systems, or REMS, program.\nIn many foreign countries, drugs and biologics are subject to regulatory requirements in addition to and sometimes different than the U.S. requirements described herein.\n15\n\n\nTable of Contents\nVeterinary Biologics\nThe regulatory body in the U.S. for veterinary biologicals is the USDA. The Center for Veterinary Biologics within the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service in the USDA is responsible for the regulation of animal health biologicals, which includes but is not limited to vaccines, including DNA vaccines, bacterins, allergens, antibodies, antitoxins, toxoids, immunostimulants, certain cytokines, antigenic or immunizing components of live microorganisms, and diagnostic components of natural or synthetic origin, or that are derived from synthesizing or altering various substances or components of substances such as microorganisms, genes or genetic sequences, carbohydrates, proteins, antigens, allergens or antibodies. All manufacturers of animal health biologicals must show their products to be pure, safe, potent, effective and produced by a consistent method of manufacture as defined under the Virus Serum Toxin Act. Post-approval monitoring of products is required. Reports of product quality defects, adverse events or unexpected results must be maintained and submitted in accordance with USDA requirements.\nLaboratory Developed Tests\nThe FDA is currently exercising enforcement discretion over the regulation of most Laboratory Developed Tests (\u201cLDTs\u201d), such as our Linea 2.0 SARS-CoV-2 Assay and our Monkeypox Virus 1.0 Assay. If the FDA were to begin enforcement, our products would potentially be subject to extensive regulation as a medical device under federal law. In order to market a medical device, a company must first receive either FDA clearance under Section\u00a0510(k)\u00a0of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, \nde novo \nauthorization, or approval of a Premarket Approval Application (\u201cPMA\u201d) from the FDA, unless an exemption applies. The process of obtaining PMA approval is much more rigorous, costly, lengthy and uncertain than the 510(k)\u00a0clearance process. In the 510(k)\u00a0clearance process, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is \u201csubstantially equivalent\u201d to a device legally on the market, known as a \u201cpredicate\u201d device, in order to clear the proposed device for marketing. To be \u201csubstantially equivalent,\u201d the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Clinical data is sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. The \nde novo \nprocess provides a marketing pathway to classify novel medical devices for which general controls alone, or general and special controls, provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness for the intended use, but for which there is no legally marketed predicate device. In the PMA approval process, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is safe and effective for its intended use based, in part, on extensive data, including, but not limited to, technical, pre-clinical, clinical trial, manufacturing, and labeling data. The PMA process is typically required for devices for which the 510(k)\u00a0process cannot be used and that are deemed to pose the greatest risk. Following FDA clearance, authorization or approval, medical devices are subject to continuing regulatory requirements, including those related to manufacturing, labeling, advertising and promotion, restrictions on sale, distribution and use, and surveillance of safety issues and product complaints.\nMost recently in Spring 2022, a version of a bill introduced in 2020 and 2021, the \u201cVerifying Accurate Leading-edge IVCT Development Act of 2020,\u201d or VALID Act, was added to the reauthorization bill for the Medical Device User Fee Act (\u201cMDUFA\u201d) V but then was removed to permit a more rapid passage of MDUFA V to prevent worker layoffs. The bill proposed a risk-based approach that would have subjected many LDTs to FDA regulation by creating a new in vitro clinical test, or IVCT, category of regulated products. As proposed, the bill would have grandfathered many existing LDTs from the proposed premarket approval, quality systems, and labeling requirements, respectively, but would require such tests to comply with other regulatory requirements (e.g., registration and listing, adverse event reporting). To market a high-risk IVCT, reasonable assurance of analytical and clinical validity for the intended use must be established. Under VALID, a precertification process would have been established that would have allowed a laboratory to establish that the facilities, methods, and controls used in the development of its IVCTs met quality system requirements. If pre-certified, low-risk IVCTs, developed by the laboratory would not have been subject to pre-market review. The new regulatory framework would have included quality control and post-market reporting requirements. The FDA would have had the authority to withdraw approvals for IVCTs for various reasons, including (for example) if there were a reasonable likelihood that the test would cause death or serious adverse health consequences. However, with bill language being removed from MDUFA V, we cannot predict if this (or any other bill) will be enacted in its current (or any other) form and cannot quantify the effect of such proposals on our business.\n16\n\n\nTable of Contents\nClinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments\nThe Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (\u201cCLIA\u201d) is a federal law regulating clinical laboratories that perform testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of disease. CLIA is intended to ensure the quality and reliability of clinical laboratories in the United States by mandating specific standards in the areas of personnel qualifications, administration, and participation in proficiency testing, patient test management, quality control, quality assurance and inspections. Clinical laboratories must be certified under CLIA in order to perform testing on human specimens, unless they fall within an exception to CLIA certification, such as research laboratories that test human specimens but do not report patient-specific results for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of any disease or impairment of, or the assessment of the health of individual patients. CLIA certification is also required to be eligible to bill Federal and State healthcare programs, as well as many private third-party payers, for diagnostic testing and services. In addition, proprietary tests must also be recognized as part of an accredited program under CLIA so that they can be offered in a CLIA-certified laboratory.\nEmergency Use Authorizations\nThe FDA has the authority to grant an Emergency Use Authorization (\u201cEUA\u201d) to allow unapproved medical products to be used in an emergency to diagnose, treat, or prevent serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions when there are no adequate, approved, and available alternatives. When issuing an EUA, the FDA imposes conditions of authorization, with which the company must comply. Such conditions include, but may not be limited to, compliance with labeling, distribution of materials designed to ensure proper use, reporting obligations, and restrictions on advertising and promotion. The EUA is only effective for the duration of a pandemic-health-type situation, such as the current COVID-19 public health emergency. The FDA may revoke or terminate the EUA sooner if, for example, we fail to comply with the terms of the EUA or our test is determined to be less accurate than it was initially believed to be. The FDA may revoke an EUA if there is a failure to comply with the conditions of authorization.\nU.S. Healthcare Fraud and Abuse Laws and Compliance Requirements\nWe are subject to various federal and state laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales and marketing programs for drugs and biologics. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect such operations include:\n\u25cf\nthe federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The term \u201cremuneration\u201d has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value;\n\u25cf\nfederal false claims and civil monetary penalties laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, which prohibits anyone from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, for payment to federal programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for items or services that are false or fraudulent;\n\u25cf\nprovisions of the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (\u201cHIPAA\u201d), which created federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. In addition, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (\u201cHITECH\u201d) and its implementing regulations, impose certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; and\n\u25cf\nthe federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requirements, under the Patient Protection and the Affordable Care Act (\u201cACA\u201d), which require manufacturers of certain drugs and biologics to track and report to CMS, payments and other transfers of value they make to U.S. physicians and teaching hospitals as well as physician ownership and investment interests in the manufacturer.\n17\n\n\nTable of Contents\n\u25cf\nthe Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (\u201cFCPA\u201d) which prohibits U.S. businesses and their representatives from offering to pay, paying, promising to pay or authorizing the payment of money or anything of value to a foreign official in order to influence any act or decision of the foreign official in his or her official capacity or to secure any other improper advantage in order to obtain or retain business.\nOther U.S. Regulatory Matters\nManufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following product approval for drugs and biologics are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, including the CMS, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission (\u201cFTC\u201d), the Occupational Safety\u00a0& Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, the United States Department of Agriculture, and state and local governments. Sales, marketing and scientific and educational programs also must comply with state and federal fraud and abuse laws.\nPricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and more recent requirements in the ACA. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws.\nThe distribution of pharmaceutical and biologic products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products.\nThe failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines or other penalties, injunctions, requests for recall, seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management\u2019s attention from the operation of our business. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future products marketed by us could materially affect our business in an adverse way.\nChanges in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i)\u00a0changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii)\u00a0additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii)\u00a0the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv)\u00a0additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business.\nCompliance with Environmental Law\nWe and any suppliers we currently or may in the future engage are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental, health, and safety laws, regulations, and permitting requirements, including those governing laboratory procedures; the generation, handling, use, storage, treatment, and disposal of hazardous and regulated materials and wastes; the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, and water; and employee health and safety. We believe that we are in compliance with all applicable environmental law and do not have any material costs of compliance.\nUnder certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for costs relating to any contamination at our current or past facilities and at third party facilities. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, product development and manufacturing efforts. In addition, we cannot entirely eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials or wastes. Although we maintain workers\u2019 compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage, and our property, casualty, and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our preclinical trials, future clinical trials or regulatory approvals \n18\n\n\nTable of Contents\ncould be suspended, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.\nEmployees\nAs of September\u00a030, 2022, we had a total of 69 employees (61 fulltime and 8 part-time), consisting of 4 in executive management,\u00a012 in research and development, 2\u00a0in forensics,\u00a03 in quality assurance and compliance, 3 in quality control, 3 in finance, accounting and human resources,\u00a012 in operations/production, 7 in sales and marketing, 1 in shared services, 5 in information services, 2 in product development, 10 in clinical laboratory operations and 5 in clinical field operations. Expenses related to travel, marketing, salaries, and general overhead will be increased as necessary to support our growth in revenue. Any projected increase in human capital is dependent upon our ability to generate revenues and obtain sources of funding. Since June\u00a02012, we have been working with Insperity\u00a0Inc. to assist in managing many of our back-end administrative human resources, benefits, and payroll responsibilities. We are an at-will employer and generally do not enter into employment agreements requiring our employees to continue in our employment for any period of time, with the exception of our Chief Executive Officer, Dr.\u00a0James A. Hayward. The initial term of Dr.\u00a0Hayward\u2019s current employment agreement was July\u00a01, 2016 through June\u00a030, 2017, and this employment agreement automatically renews for one-year periods subject to ninety\u00a0days\u2019 prior notice of non-renewal by Dr.\u00a0Hayward or us in accordance with the terms of the employment agreement. As of June\u00a030, 2022, the employment contract automatically renewed for an additional\u00a0year.\nAvailable Information\nWe are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, which requires us to file our Annual Reports on Form\u00a010-K, Quarterly Reports on Form\u00a010-Q, Current Reports on Form\u00a08-K, amendments to such reports and other information with the SEC. Because we file documents electronically with the SEC, you may obtain this information by visiting the SEC\u2019s website at: \nwww.sec.gov\n. Our website is located at: \nwww.adnas.com\n. The information on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into and should not be considered a part of this report.", "item1a": ">ITEM\u00a01A.\nRISK FACTORS.\nSummary of Risk Factors\nOur business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, discussed in more detail in the following section. These risks include, among others, the following key risks:\n\u25cf\nWe have produced limited revenue. This makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and increase the risk that we will not be successful.\n\u25cf\nWe may require additional financing which may in turn require the issuance of additional shares of common stock, preferred stock or other debt or equity securities (including convertible securities) and which would dilute the ownership held by or stockholders.\n\u25cf\nWe have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting.\n\u25cf\nOur operating results could be adversely affected by a reduction in business with our significant customers.\n\u25cf\nWe may encounter difficulties in managing our growth and these difficulties could impair our profitability.\n\u25cf\nOur new emphasis on Therapeutic DNA Production Services may reduce our ability to maintain and expand our existing MDX Testing Services and DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services businesses.\n\u25cf\nIf in the future our MDX Testing Services and DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services businesses do not generate significant cash flows, we may not have sufficient capital to develop, commercialize and have our customers adopt our Therapeutic DNA Production Services.\n19\n\n\nTable of Contents\n\u25cf\nIf we are unable to expand our DNA manufacturing capacity, we could lose revenue and our business could suffer.\n\u25cf\nRapidly changing technology and extensive competition in synthetic biology could make the services or products we are developing obsolete or non-competitive unless we continue to develop new and improved services or products and pursue new market opportunities.\n\u25cf\nPharmaceutical and biologic products are highly complex, and if we or our collaborators and customers are unable to provide quality and timely offerings to our respective customers, our business could suffer.\n\u25cf\nWe will need to develop and maintain manufacturing facilities that meet cGMP.\n\u25cf\nPharmaceutical and biologic-related revenue will be dependent on our collaborators\u2019 and customers\u2019 demand for our manufacturing services.\n\u25cf\nOur safeCircle\nTM\n COVID-19 testing service could become obsolete or its utility could be significantly diminished.\n\u25cf\nWe may be unable to consistently manufacture or source our products to the necessary specifications or in quantities necessary to meet demand on a timely basis and at acceptable performance and cost levels.\n\u25cf\nThe markets for drug and biologic candidates and synthetic DNA are very competitive, and we may be unable to continue to compete effectively in these industries in the future.\n\u25cf\nThe markets for our supply chain security and product authentication solutions are very competitive, and we may be unable to continue to compete effectively in these industries in the future.\n\u25cf\nWe compete with life science, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, some of whom are our customers, who are substantially larger than we are and potentially capable of developing new approaches that could make our products and technology obsolete or develop their own internal capabilities that compete with our products.\n\u25cf\nOur intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services and brand.\n\u25cf\nPharmaceutical and biologic-related revenue is generally dependent on regulatory approval, oversight and compliance.\n\u25cf\nIf the FDA were to begin to enforce regulation of LDTs, we could incur substantial costs and delays associated with trying to obtain pre-market clearance or approval and costs associated with complying with post-market requirements.\n\u25cf\nIf we fail to comply with laboratory licensing requirements, we could lose the ability to offer our clinical testing services or experience disruptions to our business.\n\u25cf\nIf we fail to comply with healthcare laws, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial conditions could be adversely affected.\n\u25cf\nIf we are unable to continue to retain the services of Dr.\u00a0Hayward, we may not be able to continue our operations.\n\u25cf\nWe may have conflicts of interest with our affiliates and related parties, and in the past we have engaged in transactions and entered into agreements with affiliates that were not negotiated at arms\u2019 length.\n20\n\n\nTable of Contents\n\u25cf\nThere are a large number of shares of common stock underlying our outstanding options and warrants and the sale of these shares may depress the market price of our common stock and cause immediate and substantial dilution to our existing stockholders.\n\u25cf\nIf we fail to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq, our securities could be delisted, which could limit investors\u2019 ability to make transactions in our common stock and subject us to additional trading restrictions.\n\u25cf\nIn addition to the above key factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results and financial condition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. The following are important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report and our other reports and documents filed with the SEC, risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we may currently deem immaterial also may impair our business, financial condition, operating results and/or stock price. If any of the following risks or such other risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, operating results and/or stock price could be harmed. In the following factors, \u201cvolatility in our share price\u201d, \u201cadverse impact on the price (or value) of our shares\u201d, \u201cdecline in the price of our common stock\u201d and similar terms also refer to our warrants and shares to be received upon exercise of our warrants.\nRisks Relating to Our Business:\nWe have produced only limited revenues. This makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and increases the risk that we will not be successful.\nOur operations since inception have produced limited revenues and may not produce significant revenues in the near term, or at all, which may harm our ability to obtain additional financing and may require us to reduce or discontinue our operations. You must consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we will encounter as a company operating in a rapidly evolving industry. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could significantly harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.\nOur opportunities to work with customers to develop pharmaceuticals and biologics will require substantial additional funding. Our customers may not be successful in their efforts to create a pipeline of product candidates, to develop commercially successful products, or to develop commercially successful biologic production. If our customers fail to successfully identify, finance and develop product candidates and/or fail to develop commercially successful biologic production incorporating our linearDNA platform, commercial opportunities in pharmaceuticals and biologics may be limited.\nWe do not plan to market, except with respect to products in the veterinary health market, nor do we have any pharmaceutical or biologic products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from pharmaceutical or biologic product sales, or manufacturing. Identifying, developing, obtaining regulatory approval and commercializing pharmaceutical and biologic product candidates and biologic production will require substantial additional funding beyond our current available resources, will require substantial funding on the part of our customers, and is prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug or biologic development. Developing product candidates and biologic production is expensive, and we expect to spend substantial amounts as we work with our customers to fund our early-stage research projects, engage in preclinical development of early-stage programs and, in particular, work with our customers to advance program candidates through preclinical development and clinical trials.\nInvestment in pharmaceutical and biologic product development involves significant risk that any product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval, and become commercially viable. We cannot provide any assurance that our customers will be able to successfully advance any product candidates through the development process or, if approved, successfully commercialize any product candidates.\nEven if our customers receive regulatory approval to market product candidates incorporating our linearDNA platform technology, or if we receive regulatory approval to market any veterinary health products, we cannot assure you that any such product candidate will be successfully commercialized, widely accepted in the marketplace or be more effective than other commercially-available alternatives.\n21\n\n\nTable of Contents\nEven if our customers are able to generate revenue from the sale of any approved pharmaceutical and biologic products or we are able to generate revenue from the sale of any veterinary health products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our Company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our research and development efforts, diversify our pipeline of linearDNA products and veterinary health product candidates or continue our operations, and cause a decline in the value of our common stock, all or any of which may adversely affect our viability.\nWe may require additional financing which may in turn require the issuance of additional shares of common stock, preferred stock or other debt or equity securities (including convertible securities) and which would dilute the ownership held by our stockholders.\nWe may need to raise funds through either debt or the sale of our shares of our common stock in order to achieve our business goals. Any additional shares issued would further dilute the\u00a0percentage ownership held by the stockholders. Furthermore, if we raise funds in equity transactions through the issuance of convertible securities which are convertible at the time of conversion at a discount to the prevailing market price, substantial dilution is likely to occur resulting in a material decline in the price of your shares. Our public offerings completed in November\u00a02014, April\u00a02015, December\u00a02018, November\u00a02019 and August\u00a02022, our registered direct offerings during January\u00a02021 and February\u00a02022, our registered direct public offering and concurrent private placement during November\u00a02015, our private placements completed in November\u00a02016, June\u00a02017, and August\u00a02019, and our registered direct offering in December\u00a02017 resulted in dilution to investors and future offerings of securities could result in further dilution to investors.\nIf we are unable to maintain and implement effective internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our reported financial information and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected.\nAs a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and to report any material weaknesses in such internal control and our disclosure controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and provide a management report on our internal controls on an annual basis. If we have material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements and disclosure may be materially misstated. We have implemented various systems, processes and documentation necessary to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will need to maintain and enhance these processes and controls as we grow, and we will require additional management and staff resources to do so. Additionally, even if we conclude our internal controls or disclosure controls are effective for a given period, we may in the future identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal controls or disclosure controls, in which case our management will be unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls are effective. Please see the following risk factor \u201cWe have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting.\u201d Even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls are effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may conclude that there are material weaknesses with respect to our internal controls or the level at which our internal controls are documented, designed, implemented or reviewed. In addition, if we lose our status as a \u201csmaller reporting company,\u201d we will be required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. \nIf we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls are effective, or if our auditors were to express an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting because we had one or more material weaknesses, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial disclosures. Irrespective of compliance with Section 404, any failure of our internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our reported operating results and harm our reputation. Internal control deficiencies could also result in a restatement of our financial results. \nWe expect that compliance with these requirements will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costly. In addition, we expect that our management and other personnel will continue to need to divert attention from operational and other business matters to devote substantial time to these public company requirements. We also expect that it will continue to be expensive for us to maintain director and officer liability insurance. \nIf we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, and current and potential stockholders may lose confidence in our financial reporting. This, in turn, could have an adverse impact on trading prices for our common stock. If we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of \n22\n\n\nTable of Contents\nour stock could decline, our ability to access the capital markets could be reduced and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources.\nWe have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting.\nIn connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting (see Item 9A of this report for further information). A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness in our case related to the controls around accounting for complex financial instruments, as it relates to the accounting for our outstanding warrants and the related tax impact. If we are unable to remedy this or a similar material weakness that may arise in the future, or if we generally fail to establish and maintain effective internal controls appropriate for a public company, we may be unable to produce timely and accurate financial statements, and we may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, which could adversely impact our investors\u2019 confidence and our stock price. Furthermore, future deficiencies could result in future non-compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Such non-compliance could subject us to a variety of administrative sanctions, including review by the SEC or other regulatory authorities.\nOur operating results could be adversely affected by a reduction in business with our significant customers.\nOur revenue earned from the sale of product and services for the fiscal\u00a0year ended September\u00a030, 2022 included an aggregate of 58% of our total revenue from one customer within our MDx Testing Services segment. At September\u00a030, 2022, two customers accounted for an aggregate of 89% of our total accounts receivable. Our revenue earned from the sale of products and services for the fiscal\u00a0year ended September\u00a030, 2021 included an aggregate of 31% of our total revenues from two customers within our MDx Testing Services segment. At September\u00a030, 2021, two customers accounted for an aggregate of 67% of our total accounts receivable. Generally, our customers do not have an obligation to make purchases from us and may stop ordering our products and services or may terminate existing orders or contracts at any time with little or no financial penalty. The loss of any of our significant customers, any substantial decline in sales to these customers, or any significant change in the timing or volume of purchases by our customers could result in lower revenues and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.\nFluctuations in quarterly results may cause a decline in the price of our common stock.\nOur revenues and profitability are difficult to predict due to the nature of the markets in which we compete, as well as our recent entry into new markets and products, fluctuating user demand, the uncertainty of current and future global economic conditions, and for many other reasons, including that our operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of orders received during a quarter, which are difficult to forecast. Customers generally order on an as-needed basis and we typically do not obtain firm, long-term purchase commitments from our customers. The quarterly fluctuations in operating results described above may cause a decline in the price of our common stock.\nThe ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has caused geopolitical instability, economic uncertainty, financial markets volatility and capital markets disruption. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions.\nIn late February\u00a02022, Russia invaded Ukraine, significantly amplifying already existing geopolitical tensions among Russia and other countries in the region and in the west, including the United States. Russia\u2019s invasion, the responses of countries and political bodies to Russia\u2019s actions, the larger overarching tensions, and Ukraine\u2019s military response and the potential for wider conflict have resulted in inflation, financial market volatility and capital markets disruption, potentially increasing in magnitude, and could have severe adverse effects on regional and global economic markets and international relations. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial.\nThird parties may use our products in ways that could damage our reputation.\nAfter our customers have received our products, we do not have any control over their use and our customers may use them in ways that are harmful to our reputation as a supplier of synthetic DNA products. In addition, while we plan to establish a biosecurity program \n23\n\n\nTable of Contents\ndesigned to ensure that third parties do not obtain our products for malevolent purposes, we cannot guarantee that these preventative measures, once instituted, will eliminate or reduce the risk of the domestic and global opportunities for the misuse of our products. Accordingly, in the event of such misuse, our reputation, future revenue and operating results may suffer.\nOur business could be adversely impacted by inflation.\nIncreases in inflation may have an adverse effect on our business. Current and future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, supply chain disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies as well as the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Continuing increases in inflation could impact the overall demand for our products, our costs for labor, material and services, and the margins we are able to realize on our products, all of which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.\nWe may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, and these difficulties could impair our profitability.\nCurrently, we are working simultaneously on multiple projects, expanding our DNA manufacturing capacity as well as targeting several market sectors, including activities in the diagnostics, veterinary and human therapeutics, and the product security sectors. These diversified operations and activities place significant demands on our limited resources and require us to substantially expand the capabilities of our technical, administrative, and operational resources.\nIf we are unable to manage this growth effectively, our shipments to our customers could be impacted, our time and resources could be diverted from other products and offerings and our business and operating results could suffer. Our ability to manage our operations and costs, including research and development, costs of components, manufacturing, sales and marketing, requires us to continue to enhance our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and to attract and retain sufficient numbers of talented employees. Failure to attract and retain sufficient numbers of talented employees will further strain our human resources and could impede our growth.\nOur new emphasis on Therapeutic DNA Production Services may reduce our ability to maintain and expand our existing MDx Testing Services and DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services businesses.\nOur new emphasis on Therapeutic DNA Production Services may divert funding and our limited managerial and other resources from our existing MDX Testing Services and DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services businesses. This may have the effect of reducing opportunities to grow or maintain revenues in our existing businesses while at the same time we may fail to achieve the revenues and growth we seek in our Therapeutic DNA Production Services. We have yet to achieve substantial revenues and have incurred losses from our Therapeutic DNA Production Services.\nIf in the future our MDX Testing Services and DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services businesses do not generate significant cash flows, we may not have sufficient capital to develop our Therapeutic DNA Production Services.\nIf in the future our MDX Testing Services and DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services businesses do not generate significant cash flows, we may not have sufficient capital to develop, commercialize and have our customers adopt our Therapeutic DNA Production Services, including the expansion of our CDMO operation for the manufacture of DNA for use in our nucleic acid-based therapies in veterinary health and the development of our customers\u2019 nucleic acid-based therapy candidates. In such event, and if we are unable to raise additional capital, we would have to scale back our Therapeutic DNA Production Services which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.\nRisks Relating to Manufacturing, Development, and Industries:\nIf we are unable to expand our DNA manufacturing capacity, we could lose revenue and our business could suffer.\nIn order to expand our manufacturing capacity for our DNA production, including our linearDNA platform, we need to either build additional internal manufacturing capacity, contract with one or more partners, or both. Our technology and the production process for our DNA production are complex, involving specialized parts, and we may encounter unexpected difficulties in the manufacture, improvement or increasing the capacity of our DNA production, and addressing these difficulties may cause us to divert our time and resources from our other product offerings. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to increase manufacturing capacity \n24\n\n\nTable of Contents\ninternally or that we will find one or more suitable partners to help us towards this objective, in order to meet the volume and quality requirements necessary for success in our existing and potential markets. Manufacturing and product quality issues may arise as we continue to increase the scale of our production. If our DNA manufacturing equipment and tools do not consistently produce DNA products that meet our customers\u2019 performance expectations, our reputation may be harmed, and we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to become profitable. Any delay or inability in expanding our manufacturing capacity could diminish our ability to develop or sell our DNA products, which could result in lost revenue and materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.\nRapidly changing technology and extensive competition in synthetic DNA could make the services or products we are developing obsolete or non-competitive unless we continue to develop and manufacture new and improved services or products and pursue new market opportunities.\nThe synthetic DNA industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and evolving industry demands and standards. Our future success will depend on our ability to continually improve the services we are developing and producing, to develop and introduce new services that address the evolving needs of our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis and to pursue new market opportunities that develop as a result of technological and scientific advances. These new market opportunities may be outside the scope of our proven expertise or in areas which have unproven market demand, and the utility and value of new products and services developed by us may not be accepted in the markets served by the new services. Our inability to gain market acceptance of existing products and services in new markets or market acceptance of new products and services could harm our future operating results. Our future success also depends on our ability to manufacture these new and improved products and services to meet customer demand in a timely and cost-effective manner, including our ability to resolve manufacturing issues that may arise as we commence production of any new products and services we develop.\nIn addition, there is extensive competition in the synthetic DNA industry, and our future success will depend on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to technological advances. Technological development by others may result in our technologies, as well as products developed using our technologies, becoming obsolete. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to develop proprietary technologies and services that are technologically superior to and/or are less expensive than our competitors\u2019 technologies and products. Our competitors may be able to develop competing and/or superior technologies and processes and compete more aggressively and sustain that competition over a longer period of time.\nPharmaceutical and biologic products and services are highly complex, and if we or our collaborators and customers are unable to provide quality and timely offerings to our respective customers, our business could suffer.\nThe process of manufacturing pharmaceutical and biologics and their components is complex, highly-regulated and subject to multiple risks.\nManufacturing biologics is highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions.\nOur ability to generate revenue in the pharmaceutical and biologic market depends on our ability to manufacture products that meet exacting quality and safety standards. If we are unable to manufacture these products to the required levels, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and may subject us to regulatory actions, including product recalls, product seizures, injunctions to halt manufacture or distribution, restrictions on our operations, or civil sanctions, including monetary sanctions and criminal actions. In addition, we could be subject to costly litigation, including claims from our collaborators and customers for reimbursement for the cost of our products or other related losses, the cost of which could be significant.\nWe will need to develop and maintain manufacturing facilities that meet current Good Manufacturing Practices.\nSince a primary focus of our business will be contract manufacturing of synthetic DNA, it will be critical for us to be able to produce sufficient quantities of materials required for the manufacture of our product candidates or the product candidates of our collaborators or customers for preclinical testing and clinical trials, in compliance with applicable regulatory and quality standards. If we are unable to provide such manufacturing supplies or fail to do so on commercially-reasonable terms, we may not be able to successfully produce \n25\n\n\nTable of Contents\nsufficient supply of product candidate(s)\u00a0or we may be delayed in doing so. Such failure or substantial delay could materially harm our business.\nOur customers will rely on us for synthetic DNA and other biological materials that are used in their discovery and development programs. These materials can be difficult to produce and occasionally have variability from the product specifications. Any disruption in the supply of these biological materials consistent with our product specifications could materially adversely affect our business. Although we have control processes and screening procedures, biological materials are susceptible to damage and contamination and may contain active pathogens. We may also have lower yields in manufacturing batches, which can increase our costs and slow our development timelines. Improper storage of these materials, by us or any third-party storage facilities, may require us to destroy some of our biological raw materials or product candidates.\nWe also face risks that we may fail to synthesize and manufacture our customers\u2019 product candidates in accordance with their product specifications, and the possibility of termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by our customers at a time that is costly or damaging to us.\nIn addition, the FDA and other regulatory authorities require that our products be manufactured according to cGMP and similar foreign standards relating to methods, facilities, and controls used in the manufacturing, processing, and packing of the product, which are intended to ensure that biological and drug products are safe and that they consistently meet applicable requirements and specifications.\nPharmaceutical manufacturers are required to register their facilities and list their products manufactured after beginning drug manufacturing and then annually thereafter with the FDA and certain state and foreign agencies. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve our customers\u2019 product candidates at any of our proposed contract manufacturer\u2019s facilities, or if we fail to maintain a compliance status acceptable to the FDA or a comparable foreign authority, our customers may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to supply our customers\u2019 product candidates, if approved. Any discovery of problems with a product, or a manufacturing or laboratory facility used by us or our strategic partners, may result in restrictions on the product or on the manufacturing or laboratory facility, including marketed product recall, suspension of manufacturing, product seizure, or a voluntary withdrawal of the drug from the market. We may have little to no control regarding the occurrence of such incidents.\nIf we were unable to provide a solution in time, our customers\u2019 clinical trials could be delayed, thereby limiting our commercial activities associated with those products. The sale of our customers\u2019 products could contain other defects could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any failure by us or another third-party manufacturers to comply with cGMP or failure to scale up manufacturing processes, including any failure to deliver sufficient quantities of product candidates in a timely manner, could lead to a delay in, or failure to obtain, regulatory approval of any of our customers\u2019 candidates and, therefore, affect our business.\nPharmaceutical manufacturers are also subject to extensive pre- and post-marketing oversight by the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions where the product is being studied or marketed, which include periodic unannounced and announced inspections by the FDA to assess compliance with cGMP requirements. If an FDA inspection of our facilities reveals conditions that the FDA determines not to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the FDA may issue observations through a Notice of Inspectional Observations or a \u201cForm\u00a0FDA 483\u201d. If observations in the Form\u00a0FDA 483 are not addressed in a timely manner and to the FDA\u2019s satisfaction, the FDA may issue a Warning Letter or pursue other forms of enforcement action. Any failure by us or another contract manufacturers to comply with cGMP or to provide adequate and timely corrective actions in response to deficiencies identified in a regulatory inspection could result in enforcement action that could impact our ability to attract and maintain other contract manufacturing arrangements or lead to a shortage of our customers\u2019 products and harm our business, including withdrawal of approvals previously granted, seizure, injunction or other civil or criminal penalties. The failure of us or another manufacturer to address any concerns raised by the FDA or foreign regulators could also lead to plant shutdown or the delay or withholding of product approval by the FDA in additional indications, or by foreign regulators in any indication. Certain countries may impose additional requirements on the manufacturing of drug products or drug substances, on us as contract manufacturers, as part of the regulatory approval process for products in such countries. The failure by us or other third-party manufacturers to satisfy such requirements could impact our ability to obtain or maintain contract manufacturing arrangements with our customers in one or more countries.\nOur business also depends on the ability of our collaborators and customers to manufacture the pharmaceutical or biologic products that incorporate our products. If the FDA determines that our collaborators and customers are not in compliance with FDA laws and regulations, including those governing cGMP regulations, the FDA may deny NDA or BLA approval until the deficiencies are corrected. \n26\n\n\nTable of Contents\nEven if our collaborators or customers obtain regulatory approval for any of their product candidates, there is no assurance that they will be able to manufacture the approved product to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product or to meet potential future demand. If our collaborators or customers are unable to produce sufficient quantities for clinical trials or for commercialization, commercialization efforts would be impaired, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.\nPharmaceutical and biologic-related revenue will be dependent on our collaborators\u2019 and customers\u2019 demand for our manufacturing services.\nThe amount of customer spending on pharmaceutical and biologic development and manufacturing will have an impact on our sales and profitability in the pharmaceutical and biologic market. Our collaborators and customers determine the amounts that they will spend based upon, among other things, available resources, access to capital, and their need to develop new products, which, in turn, are dependent upon a number of factors, including their competitors\u2019 research, development and product initiatives and the anticipated market uptake, and clinical and reimbursement scenarios for specific products and therapeutic areas. Consolidation in the pharmaceutical and biologic industry may impact such spending as customers integrate acquired operations, including research and development (\u201cR&D\u201d) departments and manufacturing operations. Any reduction in spending on pharmaceutical and biotechnology development and related services as a result of these and other factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.\nOur safeCircle\nTM\u00a0\nCOVID-19 testing service could become obsolete or its utility could be significantly diminished.\nSurveillance testing is not generally regulated by the FDA and CMS has stated that CLIA certification is not required to conduct surveillance testing for non-patient-specific tests. ADCL is offering its safeCircle\nTM\n\u00a0surveillance testing in compliance with current CDC, FDA, CMS and NYSDOH recommendations. The regulatory framework or recommendations regarding COVID-19 Surveillance Testing could change at any time. In addition, our pooled COVID-19 screening testing is conducted via a NYSDOH conditionally approved LDT. In the event that NYSDOH revokes the conditional approval or declines to fully approve the LDT, ADCL will be required to utilize a third-party EUA-authorized COVID-19 assay and potentially stop utilizing pooled testing.\nFurther, our COVID-19 testing may become obsolete for a variety of reasons, including an end to the current pandemic, mutations in the genome of the SARS-CoV-2 virus, or the development and widespread distribution of a vaccine, including the vaccines developed by Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna, and Johnson\u00a0& Johnson for which the FDA has granted emergency use authorization or approval. In addition, the utility of these services will also diminish if positivity rates reach levels high enough to render surveillance testing ineffective or inefficient.\nWe have limited experience producing and supplying our products. We may be unable to consistently manufacture or source our products to the necessary specifications or in quantities necessary to meet demand on a timely basis and at acceptable performance and cost levels.\nAs we continue to scale commercially and develop new products, and as our products incorporate increasingly sophisticated technology, it will become more difficult to ensure our products are produced in the necessary quantities while maintaining quality. There is no assurance that we or our third-party manufacturers will be able to continue to manufacture our products so that our technology consistently achieves the product specifications and produces results with acceptable quality. Any future design issues, unforeseen manufacturing problems, such as contamination of our or our manufacturers\u2019 facilities, equipment malfunctions, aging components, quality issues with components and materials sourced from third-party suppliers, or failures to strictly follow procedures or meet specifications, may have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition and could result in us or our third-party manufacturers losing International Organization for Standardization (ISO) or quality management certifications. If our third-party manufacturers fail to maintain ISO quality management certifications, our customers might choose not to purchase products from us.\nIn addition, as we scale our commercial operations, we will also need to make corresponding improvements to other operational functions, such as our customer support, service and billing systems, compliance programs and internal quality assurance programs. We cannot assure you that any increases in scale, related improvements and quality assurance will be successfully implemented or that \n27\n\n\nTable of Contents\nappropriate personnel will be available. As we develop additional products, we may need to bring new equipment online, implement new systems, technology, controls and procedures and hire personnel with different qualifications.\nAn inability to manufacture products and components that consistently meet specifications, in necessary quantities, at commercially acceptable costs and without significant delays, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.\nWe must continue to secure and maintain sufficient and stable supplies of components and raw materials.\nCertain disruptions in supply of, and changes in the competitive environment for, components and raw materials integral to the manufacturing of our products may adversely affect our profitability. We use a broad range of materials and supplies in our products. A significant disruption in the supply of these materials could decrease production and shipping levels, materially increase our operating costs and materially and adversely affect our revenues and profit margins. Shortages of materials or interruptions in transportation systems, labor strikes, work stoppages, war, acts of terrorism or other interruptions to or difficulties in the employment of labor or transportation in the markets in which we purchase materials, components and supplies for the production of our products, in each case, may adversely affect our ability to maintain production of our products and achieve profitability. Unforeseen discontinuation or unavailability of certain components, such as enzymes (e.g. DNAP) or nucleotides, each of which we currently primarily source from single supplier, could cause production delays as we modify our product specifications to accommodate replacement components. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of critical components from any of our suppliers and could not procure \u00a0the components from other sources, we would be unable to manufacture our products and ship them to our customers in a timely fashion, or at all, which would adversely affect our sales, margins and customer relations.\nThe markets for our drug and biologic candidates and synthetic DNA are very competitive, and we may be unable to continue to compete effectively in these industries in the future.\nThe principal markets for our drug and biologic candidates and synthetic DNA are intensely competitive. We compete with many existing suppliers and new competitors continue to enter the market. Many of our competitors, both in the United States and elsewhere, are major pharmaceutical, chemical and biotechnology companies, or have strategic alliances with such companies, and many of them have substantially greater capital resources, marketing experience, research and development staff, and facilities than we do. Any of these companies could succeed in developing products that are more effective than the product candidates that we have or may develop and may be more successful than us in producing and marketing their existing products. Some of our competitors that operate in the nucleic-acid based therapeutic, biologics and DNA manufacturing markets include: Precigen,\u00a0Inc., Aldevron, LLC, Cobra Biologics, Limited,\u00a0Integrated DNA Technologies,\u00a0Inc., 4basebio PLC, Ziopharm Oncology,\u00a0Inc., MaxCyte,\u00a0Inc., Touchlight Genetics\u00a0Ltd., Generation Bio,\u00a0Co., Novartis AG, Kite Pharma,\u00a0Inc., Juno Therapeutics,\u00a0Inc., Promega Corporation, OriGene Technologies,\u00a0Inc., Blue Heron Biotech, LLC, Gene Art, GenScript Biotech Corporation, and others.\nWe expect this competition to continue and intensify in the future. Our competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Our commercial opportunities could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize drug and biologic candidates or other forms of therapeutic DNA that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, or are less expensive than any drug and biologic candidates and linearDNA that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Additionally, drug and biologic candidates and other forms of therapeutic DNA developed by our competitors may render our potential drug and biologic candidates and linearDNA uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing any drug and biologic candidates and linearDNA we may develop against competitors.\nIf any of these risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed.\nThe markets for our supply chain security and product authentication solutions are very competitive, and we may be unable to continue to compete effectively in these industries in the future.\nThe principal markets for our supply chain security and product authentication offerings are intensely competitive. We compete with many existing suppliers and new competitors continue to enter the market. Many of our competitors, both in the United States and \n28\n\n\nTable of Contents\nelsewhere, are major pharmaceutical, chemical and biotechnology companies, or have strategic alliances with such companies, and many of them have substantially greater capital resources, marketing experience, research and development staff, and facilities than we do. Any of these companies could succeed in developing products that are more effective than the products that we have or may develop and may be more successful than us in producing and marketing their existing products. Some of our competitors that operate in the supply chain security and product authentication markets include: AlpVision Sa, Authentix,\u00a0Inc., Brandwatch Technologies,\u00a0Inc., Chromologic LLC, Collectors Universe,\u00a0Inc., DataDot Technology Limited, De La Rue Plc., Digimarc Corporation, DNA Technologies,\u00a0Inc., Haelixa\u00a0Ltd.,\u00a0ICA Bremen GmbH,\u00a0IEH Corporation,\u00a0Informium AG, opSec Security Group\u00a0plc., MicroTag Temed\u00a0Ltd., Nanotech Security Corp., Nokomis,\u00a0Inc., Oritain Global Limited, SafeTraces,\u00a0Inc., Selectamark Security Systems plc, SmartWater Technology,\u00a0Inc., Sun Chemical Corporation, TraceTag International\u00a0Ltd., TruTag Technologies,\u00a0Inc., Tailorlux gmbH and YottaMark,\u00a0Inc.\nWe expect this competition to continue and intensify in the future\n.\nThe market for our MDx Testing Services is very competitive, and we may be unable to continue to compete effectively in this industry in the future.\nThe principal market for molecular diagnostics testing services is intensely competitive. We compete with many existing testing service providers and new competitors continue to enter the market. Many of our competitors, both in the United States and elsewhere, are major pharmaceutical, chemical and biotechnology companies, or have strategic alliances with such companies, and many of them have substantially greater capital resources, marketing experience, research and development staff, and facilities than we do. Any of these companies could succeed in developing testing services that are more effective than the testing services that we have or may develop and may be more successful than us in producing and marketing their existing testing services. Some of our competitors that operate in the molecular diagnostics testing markets include: 23andMe, Inc., Laboratory Corporation of America (LabCorp); Quest Diagnostics Inc., Myriad Genetics, Inc., ARUP Laboratories, Sonic Healthcare USA, Everly Well, Inc., and Fulgent Genetics, Inc.\nOur MDx Testing Services provide higher education institutions, private clients, and businesses located in New York State with COVID-19 testing services, including test scheduling, sample collection and automated results reporting. It is unclear whether we will be able to maintain and grow the number of customers who will avail themselves of our testing services, or how regularly we will be able to obtain a flow of business from existing customers. If we are unable to increase sales of our testing services or to successfully develop, validate and commercialize other diagnostic tests and services, our MDx Testing Services may not produce sufficient revenues to become profitable.\nWe compete with life science, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, some of whom are our customers, who are substantially larger than we are and potentially capable of developing new approaches that could make our products and technology obsolete or develop their own internal capabilities that compete with our products.\nThe market for biologics components products and services in the biopharmaceutical development, life science research, and diagnostics space is intensely competitive, rapidly evolving, significantly affected by new product introductions and other market activities by industry participants and subject to rapid technological change. We also expect increased competition as additional companies enter our market and as more advanced technologies become available. We compete with other providers of outsourced biologics components products and services. We also compete with the in-house discovery, development and commercial manufacturing functions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Many of our potential competitors, which in some cases are also our customers, are large, well-capitalized companies with significantly greater resources and market share than we have. They may undertake their own development of products that are substantially similar to or compete with our products and they may succeed in developing products that are more effective or less costly than any that we may develop. These competitors may be able to spend more aggressively on product and service development, marketing, sales and other initiatives than we can. Many of these competitors also have:\n\u25cf\nbroader name recognition;\n\u25cf\nlonger operating histories and the benefits derived from greater economies of scale;\n\u25cf\nlarger and more established distribution networks;\n29\n\n\nTable of Contents\n\u25cf\nadditional product and service lines and the ability to bundle products and services to offer higher discounts or other incentives to gain a competitive advantage;\n\u25cf\nmore experience in conducting research and development, manufacturing and marketing;\n\u25cf\nmore experience in entering into collaborations or other strategic partnership arrangements; and\n\u25cf\nmore financial, manufacturing and human resources to support product development, sales and marketing and patent and other intellectual property litigation.\nThese factors, among others, may enable our competitors to market their products and services at lower prices or on terms more advantageous to customers than we can offer. Competition may result in price reductions, reduced\u00a0gross margins and loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Additionally, our current and future competitors, including certain of our customers, may at any time develop additional products and services that compete with our products and new approaches by these competitors may make our products, technologies and methodologies obsolete or noncompetitive. We may not be able to compete effectively against these organizations.\nIn addition, to develop and market our new products, services, technologies and methodologies successfully, we must accurately assess and meet customers\u2019 needs, make significant capital expenditures, optimize our development and manufacturing processes to predict and control costs, hire, train and retain the necessary personnel, increase customer awareness and acceptance of such services, provide high quality services in a timely manner, price our products and services competitively and effectively integrate customer feedback into our business planning. If we fail to create demand for our new products, services or technologies, our future business could be harmed.\nThe animal health industry is highly competitive.\nThe animal health industry is highly competitive. Our competitors include standalone animal health businesses, the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies, specialty animal health businesses and companies that mainly produce generic products. We believe many of our competitors are conducting R&D activities in areas in which we are developing products. Several new start-up companies also compete in the animal health industry. These competitors may have access to greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources. As a result, they may be able to devote more resources to developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling their products, initiating or withstanding substantial price competition or more readily taking advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities. Further, consolidation in the animal health industry could result in existing competitors realizing additional efficiencies or improving portfolio bundling opportunities, thereby potentially increasing their market share and pricing power, which could lead to an increase in competition. In addition to competition from established market participants, new entrants to the animal health medicines and vaccines industry could substantially reduce our market share, render our products obsolete or disrupt our business model.\nTo the extent that any of our competitors are more successful with respect to any key competitive factor, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Competitive pressure could arise from, among other things, more favorable safety and efficacy product profiles, limited demand growth or a significant number of additional competitive products being introduced into a particular market, price reductions by competitors, the ability of competitors to capitalize on their economies of scale, the ability of competitors to produce or otherwise procure animal health products at lower costs than us and the ability of competitors to access more or newer technology than us.\nOur research and development efforts for new products may be unsuccessful.\nWe incur research and development expenses to develop new products and technologies in an effort to maintain our competitive position in a market characterized by rapid rates of technological advancement. Our research and development efforts are subject to unanticipated delays, expenses and technical problems. There can be no assurance that any of these products or technologies will be successfully developed or that, if developed, will be commercially successful. In the event that we are unable to develop commercialized products from our research and development efforts or we are unable or unwilling to allocate amounts beyond our currently anticipated research and development investment, we could lose our entire investment in these new products and technologies. Any failure to translate research and development expenditures into successful new product introduction could have an adverse effect on our business.\n30\n\n\nTable of Contents\nIn addition, research, development, and commercialization of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services and veterinary biologic products are inherently risky. We cannot give any assurance that any future customers and/or collaborators of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services will receive regulatory approval for their pharmaceutical and biotherapeutic product candidates. In addition, we cannot give any assurance that any of our own veterinary biologic product candidates will receive regulatory approval, which is necessary before they can be commercialized.\nRisks Related to Our Intellectual Property:\nOur intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services and brand.\nOur patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and all of our other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. There are events that are outside of our control that pose a threat to our intellectual property rights as well as to our products and services. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed. The efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results. Although we seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect all or some of these innovations. Given the costs of obtaining patent protection, we may choose not to protect certain innovations that later turn out to be important. There is always the possibility that the scope of the protection gained from one of our issued patents will be insufficient or deemed invalid or unenforceable. We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy could be developed independently, compromised by third parties, or disclosed, intentionally or accidentally, by our employees which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets.\nIntellectual property litigation could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.\nLitigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights is extensive in the drug and biotechnology industry. In the event of an intellectual property dispute, we may be forced to litigate. This litigation could involve proceedings instituted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or the International Trade Commission, as well as proceedings brought directly by affected third parties. Intellectual property litigation can be extremely expensive, and these expenses, as well as the consequences should we not prevail, could seriously harm our business.\nIf a third party claims an intellectual property right to technology we use, we might need to discontinue an important product or product line, alter our products and processes, pay license fees or cease our affected business activities. Although we might under these circumstances attempt to obtain a license to this intellectual property, we may not be able to do so on favorable terms, or at all. Furthermore, a third party may claim that we are using inventions covered by the third party\u2019s patent rights and may go to court to stop us from engaging in our normal operations and activities, including making or selling our products. These lawsuits are costly and could affect our results of operations and divert the attention of managerial and technical personnel. A court may decide that we are infringing the third party\u2019s patents and would order us to stop the activities covered by the patents. In addition, a court may order us to pay the other party damages for having violated the other party\u2019s patents. The drug and biotechnology industry has produced a proliferation of patents, and it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our products or methods of use either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent and/or that the patent claims are invalid, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity, in particular, is difficult since it requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents.\nBecause some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, because patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until eighteen\u00a0months after filing, and because publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our or our licensor\u2019s issued patents or pending applications or that we or our licensors were the first to invent the technology. During the ordinary course of our business, we do not conduct \u201cprior art\u201d searches before filing a patent application. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our or our licensors\u2019 patent applications and could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has filed a United States patent application on inventions similar to ours, we \n31\n\n\nTable of Contents\nmay have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (\u201cUSPTO\u201d) to determine priority of invention in the United States. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful, resulting in a loss of our United States patent position with respect to such inventions.\nSome of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations.\nMoreover, the scope, validity and enforceability of granted claims can be challenged in a variety of proceedings. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the relevant patent office, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, outside of the context of litigation per se. Such mechanisms include ex parte re-examination, inter partes review, post-grant review, derivation and pre- and post-grant opposition proceedings.\nFurthermore, the courts have held that patent claims that recite laws of nature are not patent eligible, but patent claims that recite sufficient additional features that provide practical assurance that claimed processes are genuine inventive applications of those laws may be patent eligible. But what constitutes a \u201csufficient\u201d additional feature is the subject of uncertainty. The USPTO has published and continues to revise and publish guidelines for patent examiners to apply when examining claims for patent eligibility as the case law continues to evolve. Patent eligibility is also an area of the law under continual development in other jurisdictions around the world.\nIn addition, U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained.\nA cybersecurity incident and other technology disruptions could negatively affect our business and our relationships with customers.\nWe use technology in substantially all aspects of our business operations. The widespread use of technology, including mobile devices, cloud computing, and the internet, give rise to cybersecurity risks, including security breach, espionage, system disruption, theft and inadvertent release of information. Our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including information relating to customers and suppliers, private information about employees, and financial and strategic information about us and our business partners. If we fail to effectively assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with the use of technology in our business operations, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. Additionally, while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability and competitive disadvantage.\nRisks Related to Regulatory Approval of Our Customer and Collaborator\u2019s Pharmaceutical and Biotherapeutic Product Candidates and Other Legal Compliance Matters:\nPharmaceutical and biologic-related revenue is generally dependent on regulatory approval, oversight and compliance.\nOur Therapeutic DNA Production Services will generally be subject to regulatory approval and oversight, potentially including approval and/or oversight in various foreign jurisdictions. In addition, our pharmaceutical and biologic products and services may be incorporated into products that cannot be marketed in the United States or in many other jurisdictions without approval by the FDA or comparable agencies of other countries or regions. Obtaining such regulatory approvals is costly, time-consuming, uncertain, and subject to unanticipated delays. When, if ever, such approvals will be obtained is unknown. Our revenue in the pharmaceutical and biologic markets is highly dependent upon obtaining such approval.\nFederal agencies, including the FDA and FTC, as well as state, local, and foreign authorities, also exercise ongoing review and control of the manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, sale, distribution, and monitoring of pharmaceutical and biologic products. If \n32\n\n\nTable of Contents\nour or our customers\u2019 pharmaceutical or biologic product candidates or pharmaceutical or biologic products incorporating our products are ever approved, failure to comply with any of these regulations or other requirements could also have an adverse effect on our revenue in the pharmaceutical and biologic markets.\nIn addition, veterinary DNA vaccines and therapeutics in the United States are subject to review and regulatory approval by the USDA. The USDA\u2019s Center for Veterinary Biologics is responsible for the regulation of animal health vaccines, including certain immunotherapeutics. All manufacturers of animal health biologicals must show their products to be pure, safe, effective and produced by a consistent method of manufacture as defined under the Virus Serum Toxin Act. Post-approval monitoring of products is required. Reports of product quality defects, adverse events or unexpected results are submitted in accordance with the agency requirements.\nRevenue from our Therapeutic DNA Production Services will be highly dependent on our collaborators\u2019 and customers\u2019 success in obtaining regulatory approval and commercializing their products.\nThe DNA produced via our Therapeutic DNA Production Services may be incorporated into our customers\u2019 products in the pharmaceutical and biologic market that are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. In the United States, to obtain approval from the FDA to market any future pharmaceutical or biologic product that incorporates our technology, our collaborators or customers will be required to submit an NDA or BLA. The process of obtaining such regulatory approvals is expensive, often takes many years if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate involved. Changes in the regulatory approval process during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in the regulatory review process may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. There is no guarantee that our collaborators and customers will ever be successful in obtaining regulatory approval for any product that incorporates our products or technology. Even if regulatory approval is received, the manufacturing processes, post approval clinical data, labeling, advertising and promotional activities for any such product will be subject to continual requirements of and review by the FDA and other regulatory bodies. Our business may be materially harmed by our collaborators\u2019 and customers\u2019 inability to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals for their products of their failure to comply with applicable regulations.\nIn addition, we will be dependent on, and have no control over, consumer demand for the products into which our products are incorporated. Consumer demand for our collaborators\u2019 and customers\u2019 products could be adversely affected by, among other things, delays in health regulatory approval, the loss of patent and other intellectual property rights protection, the emergence of competing products, including generic drugs or biosimilars, the degree to which private and government drug plans subsidize payment for a particular product and changes in the marketing strategies for such products. The healthcare industry has changed significantly over time, and we expect the industry to continue to evolve. Some of these changes may have a material adverse effect on our collaborators and customers and thus may have a material adverse effect on our business. If the products into which our products are incorporated do not gain market acceptance, our revenues and profitability may be adversely affected.\nThe regulatory approval \nprocesses of the FDA, USDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we or our customers are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for products incorporating our Therapeutic DNA Production Services, we will be unable to generate product revenue and our business will be substantially harmed.\nThe time required to obtain approval by the FDA, USDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities is unpredictable, typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials, and depends upon numerous factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate\u2019s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, which may cause delays in the approval or the decision not to approve an application submitted by one of our customers or by us with respect to the veterinary health market. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our customers\u2019 data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. We have not submitted for, or plan to obtain regulatory approval for any product candidate (except with respect to the veterinary health market), and it is possible that none of our, or our customers\u2019 existing product candidates or any product candidates that we or our customers may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. Applications for our and our customers\u2019 product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for a variety of reasons. This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of clinical trials, may result in failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of such product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects.\n33\n\n\nTable of Contents\nOur or our customers\u2019 product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could halt their clinical development, prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential, or result in significant negative consequences.\nAdverse events or other undesirable side effects caused by our or our customers\u2019 product candidates could cause regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay, or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by regulatory authorities. Side effects related to a drug or biologic could affect patient recruitment, the ability of enrolled patients to complete the study, and/or result in potential product liability claims.\nAdditionally, if one or more of our or our customers\u2019 product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects or adverse events caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result. Regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such product or impose restrictions on distribution. They may require additional warnings or contraindications on the product label that could diminish the usage or otherwise limit the commercial success of the product. We or our customers may be required to change the way the product is manufactured, be forced to suspend manufacturing the product or required to create a REMS. In addition, our or our customers\u2019 reputation may suffer. Any of these events could prevent us or our customers from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects.\nEven if our customers obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, our Therapeutic DNA Production Services will remain subject to extensive regulatory scrutiny.\nIf any of our customers\u2019 product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Ongoing regulatory requirements include ensuring that quality control and manufacturing and production procedures conform to cGMP regulations, and we will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP regulations and adherence to commitments made in any regulatory filings. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance.\nAny regulatory approvals that our customers receive for our products will be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed and promoted or to the conditions of approval (including the requirement to implement a REMS), or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing. Any new legislation addressing drug or biologic safety issues could result in delays in product development or commercialization, or increased costs to assure manufacturing compliance. The FDA and other agencies, including the Department of Justice, closely regulate and monitor the post-approval marketing and promotion of products to ensure that they are manufactured, marketed and distributed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drugs and biologics are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions and must be consistent with the information in the product\u2019s approved label. The holder of an approved NDA must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. We could also be asked to conduct post-marketing manufacturing changes to verify the safety and efficacy of our customers\u2019 products in general. An unsuccessful post-marketing study or failure to complete such a study could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval and thereby affect the need for our manufacturing services.\nIn addition, veterinary DNA vaccines and therapeutics in the United States are subject to review and regulatory approval by the USDA. The USDA\u2019s Center for Veterinary Biologics is responsible for the regulation of animal health vaccines, including certain immunotherapeutics. All manufacturers of animal health biologicals must show their products to be pure, safe, effective and produced by a consistent method of manufacture as defined under the Virus Serum Toxin Act. Post-approval monitoring of products is required. Reports of product quality defects, adverse events or unexpected results are submitted in accordance with the agency requirements.\nIf a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, such regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product, our customer or us, including, but not limited to, requiring withdrawal or recall of the product from the market, imposing civil or criminal penalties, and imposing restrictions on our or our customers\u2019 ability to continue to manufacture the product(s). Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require our customers or us to expend significant time and resources in response, and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our customers\u2019 ability to commercialize and generate \n34\n\n\nTable of Contents\nrevenue from our customers\u2019 products and demand for our synthetic DNA for their products. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, the value of our Company and our operating results will be adversely affected related to the demand for those customers\u2019 products or our products in the case of the veterinary health market.\nIn addition, the FDA\u2019s regulations, policies or guidance may change and new or additional statutes or government regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions may be enacted that could further restrict or regulate our post-approval manufacturing activities. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse government regulation that may arise from pending or future legislation or administrative action. If our customers or we are not able to achieve and maintain regulatory compliance, we may not be permitted to continue manufacturing synthetic DNA products for our customers\u2019 products and/or product candidates, which would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability.\nIf the FDA were to begin to enforce regulation of LDTs, we could incur substantial costs and delays associated with trying to obtain pre-market clearance or approval and costs associated with complying with post-market requirements.\nAs an LDT, our MDx Testing Services are currently subject to enforcement discretion by the FDA. While FDA has issued various guidance documents proposing a framework to regulate LDTs, the FDA appears to be waiting for a legislative solution.\nIn this regard, most recently, the \u201cVerifying Accurate Leading-edge IVCT Development Act of 2020,\u201d or VALID Act, was introduced in March 2020, then in June 2021, and Spring 2022. A modified version of the VALID Act was added to the reauthorization bill for the Medical Device User Fee Act (\u201cMDUFA\u201d) V but then was removed to permit a more rapid passage of MDUFA V to prevent worker layoffs. The bill proposed a risk-based approach that would have subjected many LDTs to FDA regulation by creating a new in vitro clinical test, or IVCT, category of regulated products. As proposed, the bill would have grandfathered many existing LDTs from the proposed premarket approval, quality systems, and labeling requirements, respectively, but would have required such tests to comply with other regulatory requirements (e.g., registration and listing, adverse event reporting). To market a high-risk IVCT, reasonable assurance of analytical and clinical validity for the intended use would have needed to be established. Under VALID, a precertification process would have been established that would have allowed a laboratory to establish that the facilities, methods, and controls used in the development of its IVCTs meet quality system requirements. If pre-certified, low-risk IVCTs, developed by the laboratory would not have been subject to pre-market review. The new regulatory framework would have included quality control and post-market reporting requirements. The FDA would have had the authority to withdraw approvals for IVCTs for various reasons, including (for example) if there were a reasonable likelihood that the test would cause death or serious adverse health consequences. However, with bill language being removed from MDUFA V, we cannot predict if this (or any other bill) will be enacted in its current (or any other) form and cannot quantify the effect of such proposals on our business.\nIf we fail to comply with laboratory licensing requirements, we could lose the ability to offer our clinical testing services or experience disruptions to our business.\nCLIA is a federal law regulating clinical laboratories that perform testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of disease. CLIA is intended to ensure the quality and reliability of clinical laboratories in the United States by mandating specific standards in the areas of personnel qualifications, administration, and participation in proficiency testing, patient test management, quality control, quality assurance and inspections. Clinical laboratories must be certified under CLIA in order to perform testing on human specimens, unless they fall within an exception to CLIA certification, such as research laboratories that test human specimens but do not report patient-specific results for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of any disease or impairment of, or the assessment of the health of individual patients. CLIA certification is also required to be eligible to bill Federal and State healthcare programs, as well as many private third-party payers, for diagnostic testing and services.\nHealthcare legislative measures aimed at reducing healthcare costs may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.\nThird party payors are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably. In particular, in the United States in 2010, the ACA was enacted. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. The repeal of or changes in some or all of the ACA and complying with any new legislation or reversing changes implemented under the ACA could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business.\n35\n\n\nTable of Contents\nThere have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect the demand for our customer\u2019s product candidates, if our customers obtain regulatory approval, including: our ability to receive or set a price that we believe is fair for our products; our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and the availability of capital. We expect that the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, lower reimbursement, and new payment methodologies. This could lower the price that we receive from any customer. Any denial in coverage or reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar denial or reduction in payments from private payors, which may prevent us from being able to generate sufficient revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our product candidates, if approved.\nOur employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, customers and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements.\nWe are exposed to the risk of fraud, misconduct or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, customers and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and negligent conduct that fails to: comply with applicable laws and regulations of the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; comply with manufacturing standards we have established; comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws; or report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us.\nIf our customers obtain FDA approval of any of their products and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our potential exposure under such laws may increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws as a result of our relationship with our customers may also increase. We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions.\nIf we fail to comply with healthcare laws, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial conditions could be adversely affected.\nHealthcare providers, physicians and payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which our customers may obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations may affect our ability to operate and expose us to areas of risk, including activities that potentially harm consumers and analogous state and foreign laws and regulations.\nBecause of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could, despite our efforts to comply, be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our customers\u2019 product candidates outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws.\n36\n\n\nTable of Contents\nRisks Related to Personnel:\nOur failure to manage our growth in operations and acquisitions of new product lines and new businesses could harm our business.\nThe recent growth in our operations could place a significant strain on our current management resources. We have a limited number of personnel and expect to continue to have a limited number of personnel for the foreseeable future.\nTo manage such growth, we may need to improve our:\n\u25cf\noperations and financial systems;\n\u25cf\nprocedures and controls; and\n\u25cf\ntraining and management of our employees.\nIf we are unable to continue to retain the services of Dr.\u00a0Hayward, we may not be able to continue our operations.\nOur success depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of Dr.\u00a0James A. Hayward, our CEO. On July\u00a028, 2016, we entered into an employment agreement with Dr.\u00a0Hayward. The initial term was from July\u00a01, 2016 through June\u00a030, 2017, with automatic one-year renewal periods. As of June\u00a030, 2022, the employment contract automatically renewed for an additional\u00a0year. Loss of the services of Dr.\u00a0Hayward could significantly harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We do not maintain key-person insurance on the life of Dr.\u00a0Hayward.\nWe may have conflicts of interest with our affiliates and related parties, and in the past we have engaged in transactions and entered into agreements with affiliates that were not negotiated at arms\u2019 length.\nWe have engaged, and may in the future engage, in transactions with affiliates and other related parties. These transactions may not have been, and may not be, on terms as favorable to us as they could have been if obtained from non-affiliated persons. While an effort has been made, and will continue to be made, to enter into transactions with affiliated persons and other related parties at rates and on terms as favorable as would be charged by others, there will always be an inherent conflict of interest between our interests and those of our affiliates and related parties. The Company may be adversely impacted if any related party agreement or transaction is made on unfavorable terms.\nRisks Relating to Our Common Stock and Other Securities:\nThere are a large number of shares of common stock underlying our outstanding options and warrants and the sale of these shares may depress the market price of our common stock and cause immediate and substantial dilution to our existing stockholders.\nAs of December\u00a09, 2022, we had 12,908,520 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, outstanding options to purchase 1,061,810 shares of common stock, outstanding warrants to purchase 7,313,963 shares of common stock, and 2,767,568 shares available for grant under our 2005 and 2020 Equity Incentive Plans. The issuance of shares upon exercise of our outstanding options and warrants will cause immediate and substantial dilution to our stockholders and any sale thereof may depress the market price of our common stock.\nWe may be required to repurchase certain of our warrants.\nUnder our warrants sold privately that have registration rights, in the event of a \u201cFundamental Transaction\u201d (as defined in the related warrant agreement, which generally includes any merger with another entity, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets to another entity, or the acquisition by a person of more than 50% of our common stock), each warrant holder will have the right at any time prior to the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction to require us to repurchase the warrant for a purchase price in cash equal to the Black Scholes value (as calculated under the warrant agreement) of the then remaining unexercised portion of such warrant on the date of such Fundamental Transaction, which may materially adversely affect our financial condition and/or results of operations and may prevent or deter a third party from acquiring us.\n37\n\n\nTable of Contents\nIf we fail to comply with the continuing listing standards of Nasdaq, our securities could be delisted, which could limit investors\u2019 ability to make transactions in our common stock and subject us to additional trading restrictions.\nOur common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol \u201cAPDN\u201d. For our common stock to continue to be listed on Nasdaq, we must meet the current continued listing requirements, which provide, among other things, that a company may be delisted if the bid price of its stock drops below $1.00 for a period of 30 consecutive business\u00a0days.\nWe may in the future decide to enact a reverse stock split to comply with Nasdaq\u2019s minimum bid price requirement. However, even if we enact such a reverse stock split, there can be no assurance that we would be able to maintain compliance with Nasdaq\u2019s minimum bid price or other listing requirements. If we were unable to meet these requirements, our common stock could be delisted from Nasdaq. The effect of a reverse stock split on the market price of our common stock cannot be predicted with any certainty, and the history of similar reverse stock split combinations for companies in like circumstances is varied. It is possible that the per share price of the common stock after the reverse stock split will not rise in proportion to the reduction in the number of shares of the common stock outstanding resulting from the reverse stock split, effectively reducing our market capitalization, and there can be no assurance that the market price per post-reverse split share will either exceed or remain in excess of the Nasdaq prescribed minimum bid price for a sustained period of time. The market price of our common stock may vary based on other factors that are unrelated to the number of shares outstanding, including our future performance.\nIf our common stock were to be delisted from Nasdaq, our common stock could begin to trade on one of the markets operated by OTC Markets Group, including OTCQX, OTCQB or OTC Pink (formerly known as the \u201cpink sheets\u201d), as the case may be. In such event, our common stock could be subject to the \u201cpenny stock\u201d rules\u00a0which among other things require brokers or dealers to approve investors\u2019 accounts, receive written agreements and determine investor suitability for transactions and disclose risks relating to investing in the penny stock market. Any such delisting of our common stock could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading market for our common stock, not only in terms of the number of shares that can be bought and sold at a given price, but also through delays in the timing of transactions and less coverage of us by securities analysts, if any. Also, if in the future we were to determine that we need to seek additional equity capital, it could have an adverse effect on our ability to raise capital in the public or private equity markets.\nWe may require additional financing in the future, which may not be available or, if available, may be on terms that cause a decline in the value of the shares of our common stock held by stockholders.\nIf we raise capital in the future by issuing additional securities, our stockholders may experience a decline in the value of the shares of our common stock they currently hold or may acquire prior to any such financing. In addition, such securities may have rights senior to the rights of holders of our shares of common stock.", "item7": ">ITEM\u00a07.\nMANAGEMENT\u2019S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.\nThe following Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form\u00a010-K. This discussion and analysis includes certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. You should review the Risk Factors section of this Form\u00a010-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by such forward-looking statements. See \u201cForward-Looking Information\u201d at the beginning of this Form\u00a010-K.\nIntroduction\nWe are a biotechnology company developing and commercializing technologies to produce and detect deoxyribonucleic acid (\u201cDNA\u201d). Using the polymerase chain reaction (\u201cPCR\u201d) to enable both the production and detection of DNA, we operate in three primary business markets: (i)\u00a0the manufacture of synthetic DNA for use in nucleic acid-based therapeutics (\u201cTherapeutic DNA Production Services\u201d); (ii)\u00a0the detection of DNA in molecular diagnostics testing services (\u201cMDx Testing Services\u201d); and (iii)\u00a0the manufacture and detection of DNA for industrial supply chain security services (\u201cDNA Tagging and Security Products and Services\u201d).\nOur growth strategy is to primarily focus our resources on the further development, commercialization, and customer adoption of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services, including the expansion of our contract development and manufacturing operation (\u201cCDMO\u201d) for the manufacture of synthetic DNA for use in nucleic acid-based therapies and the development of our own product candidates in veterinary health\nTherapeutic DNA Production Services\nThrough our LinearRx,\u00a0Inc. (\u201cLRx\u201d) subsidiary we are developing and commercializing the linearDNA (\u201clinearDNA\u201d) platform. The linearDNA platform enables the rapid, efficient, and large-scale cell-free manufacture of high-fidelity DNA sequences for use in nucleic acid-based therapeutics. The linearDNA platform enzymatically produces a linear form of DNA we call \u2018linearDNA\u2019 that is an alternative to plasmid-based DNA manufacturing technologies that have supplied the DNA used in biotherapeutics for the past 40\u00a0years.\nWe believe our enzymatic linearDNA platform has numerous advantages over existing cell-based plasmid DNA manufacturing platforms. Plasmid-based DNA manufacturing is based on the complex, costly and time-consuming biological process of amplifying DNA in living cells. Once amplified, the DNA must be separated from the living cells and other process contaminants via multiple rounds of purification, adding further complexity and costs. Unlike plasmid-based DNA manufacturing, the linearDNA platform does not require living cells and instead amplifies DNA via the enzymatic process of PCR. The linearDNA platform is simple, with only four ingredient inputs, and can rapidly produce very large quantities of DNA without the need for complex purification steps.\nWe believe the key advantages of the linearDNA platform include:\n\u25cf\nSpeed\u00a0\u2013 Production of linearDNA can be measured in terms of hours, not\u00a0days and weeks as is the case with plasmid-based DNA manufacturing platforms.\n\u25cf\nScalability\u00a0\u2013 linearDNA production takes place on efficient bench-top instruments, allowing for rapid scalability in a minimal footprint.\n\u25cf\nPurity\u00a0\u2013 DNA produced via PCR is pure, resulting in only large quantities of only the target DNA sequence. Unwanted DNA sequences such as plasmid backbone and antibiotic resistance genes, inherent to plasmid DNA, are not present in linearDNA.\n\u25cf\nSimplicity\u00a0\u2013 The production of linearDNA is streamlined relative to plasmid-based DNA production. linearDNA requires only four primary ingredients, does not require living cells or complex fermentation systems and does not require multiple rounds of purification.\n40\n\n\nTable of Contents\n\u25cf\nFlexibility\u00a0\u2013 DNA produced via the linearDNA platform can be easily chemically modified to suit specific customer applications. In addition, the linearDNA platform can produce a wide range of complex DNA sequences that are difficult to produce via plasmid-based DNA production platforms. These complex sequences include inverted terminal repeats (ITRs) and polyadenylation sequences (poly (A)\u00a0tail) important to gene therapy and messenger RNA (\u201cmRNA\u201d) therapies, respectively.\nPreclinical studies have shown that linearDNA is substitutable for plasmid DNA in numerous nucleic acid-based therapies, including:\n\u25cf\ntherapeutic and prophylactic DNA vaccines;\n\u25cf\nDNA templates for \nin vitro \ntranscription to produce ribonucleic acid (\u201cRNA\u201d), including mRNA; and\n\u25cf\nadoptive cell therapy manufacturing.\nFurther, we believe that linearDNA is also substitutable for plasmid DNA in the following nucleic acid-based therapies:\n\u25cf\nviral vector manufacturing for \nin vivo \nand \nex vivo \ngene editing;\n\u25cf\nClustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (\u201cCRISPR\u201d)-mediated homology-directed repair (\u201cHDR\u201d); and\n\u25cf\nnon-viral gene therapy.\nAs of the third quarter of calendar 2022, there were 3,694 gene, cell and RNA therapies in development from preclinical through pre-registration stages, almost all of which use DNA in their manufacturing process. (Source: ASGCT Gene, Cell\u00a0& RNA Therapy Landscape: Q3 2022 Quarterly Report). Due to what we believe are the linearDNA platform\u2019s numerous advantages over legacy plasmid-based DNA manufacturing platforms, we believe this large number of therapies under development represents a substantial market opportunity for linearDNA to supplant plasmid DNA in the manufacture of nucleic acid-based therapies.\nOur linearDNA is currently manufactured pursuant to Good Laboratory Practices (\u201cGLP\u201d) that we believe are sufficient for pre-clinical discovery and development of nucleic acid-based therapies. In addition, for indirect clinical use of linearDNA (i.e., where linearDNA is a starting material but is not incorporated into the final therapeutic product, as is the case with the production of mRNA or certain viral vectors), we believe that high-quality grade GLP linearDNA is sufficient for clinical and commercial stage customers of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services. For the direct clinical use of our linearDNA (i.e., nucleic acid-based therapies where our linearDNA is incorporated into the final therapeutic product, as in the production of DNA vaccines, adoptive cell therapies and certain gene therapies) we believe clinical and commercial stage customers of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services will generally require our manufacturing facilities to meet current Good Manufacturing Practices (\u201ccGMP\u201d). We currently do not have any manufacturing facilities that meet cGMP. We will need to develop and maintain manufacturing facilities that meet cGMP to support customers that wish to use our linearDNA for direct clinical use and for indirect clinical use customers who request linearDNA manufactured under cGMP. In the longer term, we believe that the development and maintenance of a cGMP manufacturing facility for linearDNA will benefit the entirety of our Therapeutic DNA Production Services business, in both direct and indirect clinical applications.\nOur business strategy for the linearDNA platform is (i)\u00a0to utilize our current GLP linearDNA production capacity to secure CDMO contracts to supply linearDNA to pre-clinical therapy developers, as well as clinical and commercial therapy developers and manufacturers that are pursuing therapeutics that require the indirect clinical use of linearDNA; and (ii)\u00a0upon our development of cGMP linearDNA production facilities, to secure CDMO contracts with clinical stage therapy developers and commercial manufactures to supply linearDNA for direct clinical use.\nIn addition, we plan to leverage our Therapeutic DNA Production Services and deep knowledge of PCR to develop and monetize, ourselves or with strategic partners, one or more linearDNA-based therapeutic or prophylactic vaccines for the veterinary health market. Currently, we have in-licensed a therapeutic DNA vaccine candidate against canine lymphoma, which accounts for up to 24% of all cancers in canines. Our lymphoma vaccine candidate was licensed from Takis S.R.L and EvviVax, S.R.L. for exclusive use by the Company in association with our linearDNA platform, and is subject to certain commercialization milestones. We currently seek to commercialize our canine lymphoma vaccine in conjunction with lipid nanoparticle (\u201cLNP\u201d) encapsulation to facilitate IM administration. We have recently demonstrated \nin vitro \nand\n in vivo\n (mice studies) expression of generic reporter proteins via linearDNA \n41\n\n\nTable of Contents\nencapsulated by LNPs. For the \nin vivo\n study, successful expression of the LNP-encapsulated linearDNA was administered and achieved via IM injection. We believe the linearDNA platform provides a substantial advantage to the development and monetization of a therapeutic DNA vaccine against canine lymphoma.\nMDx Testing Services\nThrough Applied DNA Clinical Labs, LLC (\u201cADCL\u201d), our clinical laboratory subsidiary, we leverage our expertise in DNA detection via PCR to provide and develop clinical molecular diagnostics (\u201cMDx\u201d) testing services. ADCL is a New York State Department of Health (\u201cNYSDOH\u201d) Clinical Laboratory Evaluation Program (\u201cCLEP\u201d) permitted, Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (\u201cCLIA\u201d)-certified laboratory which is currently permitted for virology. In providing MDx testing services, ADCL employs its own or third-party molecular diagnostic tests.\nUnder our MDx testing services, ADCL currently provides COVID-19 testing for large populations marketed under our safeCircle\nTM\n\u00a0trademark. Leveraging ADCL\u2019s customizable high-throughput robotically-pooled testing workflow and the Cleared4 digital health platform owned and operated by Cleared4\u00a0Inc. (the \u201cCleared4 Platform\u201d), our safeCircle testing service is an adaptable turnkey large population COVID-19 testing solution that provides for all aspects of COVID-19 testing, including test scheduling, sample collection and automated results reporting. Our safeCircle testing service utilizes high-sensitivity robotically-pooled real-time PCR (\u201cRT-PCR\u201d) testing to help mitigate virus spread by quickly identifying COVID-19 infections within a community, school, or workplace. Our safeCircle COVID-19 testing is performed using either the Company\u2019s internally developed Linea 2.0 RT-PCR Assay, a NYSDOH conditionally approved laboratory developed test (\u201cLDT\u201d) or third-party emergency use authorization (\u201cEUA\u201d)-authorized RT-PCR COVID-19 assays. Our safeCircle testing service also incorporates the Cleared4 Platform to enable large-scale digital test scheduling, in-field sample collection and registration, and results reporting. By leveraging the combination of our robotically-pooled workflows and the Cleared4 Platform, our safeCircle testing services typically return testing results within 24 to 48 hours. We currently provide safeCircle testing services to higher education institutions, private clients, and businesses located in New York State.\nADCL has also developed PCR-based MDx testing services for the Monkeypox virus, which are currently approved by NYSDOH. These services are designed to run on the same high-throughput platform utilized by our COVID-19 testing services and provides ADCL with a substantial testing throughput\nIn addition to our infectious disease testing services, we are currently validating pharmacogenetics (\u201cPGx\u201d) testing services. Our PGx testing services will utilize a 120-target PGx panel test to evaluate the unique genotype of a specific patient to help guide individual drug therapy decisions. Our PGx testing services are designed to interrogate DNA targets on over 35 genes and provide genotyping information relevant to certain cardiac, mental health and pain management drug therapies. We believe the economics of complex MDx testing services such as PGx are more favorable to the Company as compared to high volume, low complexity MDx tests such as COVID-19 testing. Our PGx testing services will require NYSDOH approval prior to initiating our patient testing services. If approved, we plan to commercialize our PGx testing services by offering PGx clinical reference laboratory testing services to other clinical laboratories and healthcare facilities nationwide.\nGoing forward, our business strategy for ADCL is to leverage our deep knowledge of PCR to develop and commercialize high complexity, high value and differentiated MDx testing services that will be offered to other clinical laboratories and healthcare facilities as clinical reference laboratory testing services. We believe operating as a clinical reference laboratory has several advantages when compared to operating as a typical clinical non-reference laboratory, including:\n\u25cf\nthe ability to leverage our deep expertise in PCR to develop and perform high-value esoteric MDx testing services not performed by conventional clinical non-reference laboratories;\n\u25cf\nreduced sample acquisition costs;\n\u25cf\nreduced marketing costs; and\n\u25cf\na national customer base that may lead to a larger total addressable market.\n42\n\n\nTable of Contents\nThe clinical reference laboratory services market is forecasted to have incremental growth of $26.0B between 2020 and 2025 with a 6.71% compound annual growth rate (\u201cCAGR\u201d). We believe that the rapidly increasing number of specialized MDx tests for early disease detection, disease prognosis, disease risk, companion diagnostics and personalized medicine will drive an increase in the demand for highly specialized MDx clinical reference laboratory services.\nDNA Tagging and Security Products and Services\nBy leveraging our expertise in both the manufacture and detection of DNA via PCR, our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services allow our customers to use non-biologic DNA tags manufactured on our linearDNA platform to mark objects in a unique manner and then identify these objects by detecting the absence or presence of the DNA tag. We believe our DNA tags are not economically feasible nor practical to replicate, and that our disruptive tracking platform offers broad commercial relevance across many industry verticals. The Company\u2019s core DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services, which are marketed collectively as a platform under the trademark CertainT\u00ae, include:\n\u25cf\nSigNature\u00ae Molecular Tags, which are short non-biologic DNA taggants produced by the Company\u2019s linearDNA platform, provide a methodology to authenticate goods within large and complex supply chains for materials such as cotton, leather, pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals and other products.\n\u25cf\nSigNify\u00ae IF portable DNA readers and SigNify consumable reagent test kits provide definitive real-time authentication of the Company\u2019s DNA tags in the field, providing a front-line solution for supply chain integrity backed with forensic-level molecular tag authentication. The Company\u2019s software platform enables customers to track materials throughout a supply chain or product life.\n\u25cf\nfiberTyping\u00ae, which uses PCR-based DNA detection to determine a cotton cultivar, and other product genotyping services that utilize PCR-based DNA detection to detect a product\u2019s naturally occurring DNA sequences for the purposes of product provenance authentication and supply chain security.\nOur DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services are fully developed, highly scalable, and currently used in several commercial applications. To date, our largest commercial application for our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services is in the tracking and provenance authentication of cotton. Cotton home textile products utilizing our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services are available in national retail chains including Costco\n\u00ae\n\u00a0and Bed Bath\u00a0& Beyond\n\u00ae\n.\nWe believe that the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act (\u201cUFLPA\u201d), signed into law on December\u00a023, 2021, may be helpful to increase demand for our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services. The UFLPA establishes a rebuttable presumption that any goods mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (\u201cXUAR\u201d) of the People\u2019s Republic of China are not entitled to entry to the United States. The presumption applies unless the importer of record has complied with specified conditions and, by clear and convincing evidence, shown that the goods were\u00a0not produced using forced labor. On June\u00a017, 2022, an implementation strategy for the UFLPA was published that listed DNA tagging as evidence that importers may present to potentially prove that a good did not originate in XUAR or did not benefit from forced labor. Approximately 20% of the world\u2019s cotton garments contain cotton that originated in the XUAR.\nOur business plan is to leverage growing consumer and governmental awareness for product traceability and the newly enacted UFLPA to expand our existing partnerships and seek new partnerships for our DNA Tagging and Security Products and Services with a focus on cotton and synthetic fibers.\nGeneral\nHistorically, the substantial portion of our revenues has been generated from sales of our SigNature\u00ae and SigNature\u00ae T molecular tags, our principal supply chain security and product authentication solutions. However, most of our near-term growth in revenues has been derived from our validated COVID-19 pooled testing, and our COVID-19 Surveillance Testing, which are part of our MDx testing services business. We also expect future growth in revenues to be derived from our Therapeutic DNA Production Services and our MDx testing services. To a lesser extent, we expect to grow revenues from the sale of SigNature\u00ae molecular tags, SigNature\u00ae T molecular tags, SigNify\u00ae and CertainT\u00ae offerings as we work with companies and governments to secure supply chains for various types of \n43\n\n\nTable of Contents\nproducts and product labeling throughout the world. We have continued to incur expenses in expanding our business to meet current and anticipated future demand. We have limited sources of liquidity.\nComparison of the Fiscal\u00a0Year Ended September\u00a030, 2022 to the Fiscal\u00a0Year Ended September\u00a030, 2021\nRevenues\nProduct revenues\nFor the twelve-month periods ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, we generated $1,882,804 and $3,295,849 in revenues from product sales, respectively. Product revenue decreased by $1,413,045 or 43% for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2022 as compared to the prior fiscal year. Revenues decreased by $1,323,610 in sales of our MDx test kits and supplies, of which $1,266,895 was attributable to sales pursuant to our contract with Stony Brook University Hospital. The decrease also relates to a decrease of approximately $163,000 in the textiles market for the shipment of DNA concentrate used by customers to protect the supply chain.\nService revenues\nFor the twelve-month periods ended September\u00a030, 2022 and 2021, we generated $759,138 and $937,735 in service revenues, respectively. Service revenue decreased by $178,597 or 19% for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022 as compared to the prior fiscal\u00a0year. The decrease in service revenues is related to a decrease of approximately $258,000 for research and development projects in our Therapeutic DNA production segment.\nClinical laboratory service revenues\nFor the twelve-month periods ended September\u00a030, 2022 and 2021, we generated $15,526,735 and $4,794,154 in revenues from clinical laboratory testing services, respectively. Clinical laboratory service revenue increased by $10,732,581 or 224% for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022 as compared to the prior fiscal\u00a0year. The increase in revenue is primarily due to a full twelve\u00a0months of our contract with the City University of New York which resulted in an increase of $9,319,884\u00a0year over\u00a0year.\nCosts and Expenses\nGross Profit\nGross profit for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022 increased by $570,734 or 13% from $4,482,906 for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2021 to $5,053,640 for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022. The gross profit\u00a0percentage was 28% and 50% for the twelve-month periods ended September\u00a030, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decline in gross profit\u00a0percentage was the result of a significant portion of our clinical laboratory revenue coming from our screening testing contracts where we also provide and staff the testing centers, as these contracts have higher costs associated with them as compared to our surveillance testing contracts. To a lesser extent, the decline is due to product sales mix, as sales during the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2021 included MDx kit sales, as well as DNA concentrate to protect a cotton supply chain, which are at a higher gross margin as compared to the products sold during the current fiscal\u00a0year.\nSelling, General and Administrative\nSelling, general and administrative expenses for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022 increased by $2,251,988 or 18% to $15,097,360 from $12,845,372 in the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $615,000 relating to officer stock option grants that vested immediately, as well as to the annual non-employee board of director grants that vest one-year from the date of grant. The remainder of the increase relates to an increase in insurance expense of approximately $413,000, primarily related to an increase in our Directors and Officers insurance policy premiums and payroll of approximately $809,000. The increase in total payroll is primarily due to an increase of $500,000 for a bonus accrual for the CEO, in accordance with his employment agreement, and was also due to the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2021 having a reversal of an accrual of approximately $300,000 for an accrued bonus that was forgiven by the CEO. To a lesser extent, the increase is due to an increase of approximately $240,000 in bad debt expense for the twelve-month period ended at September\u00a030, 2022 to fully reserve for an outstanding customer balance that was deemed to be uncollectible.\n44\n\n\nTable of Contents\nResearch and Development\nResearch and development expenses for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022 decreased by $238,391 or 6% to $3,926,043 from $4,164,434 in the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2021. This decrease is primarily due to decreased purchases relating to our clinical laboratory build out as well as for research projects related to genetic sequencing and isotopic research analysis projects during the period ended September\u00a030, 2022.\nImpairment losses\nImpairment losses for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2021 was $821,741. This relates to the impairment of intellectual property, customer lists and goodwill relating to a 2015 asset purchase.\nInterest \nincome, net\nInterest income, net for the fiscal\u00a0year ended September\u00a030, 2022, decreased to $7,200 from $13,675 in the same period of 2021.\nOther expense, net\nOther expense, net for the twelve-month periods ended September\u00a030, 2022 and 2021, was $47,305 and $8,756, respectively.\nLoss on extinguishment of convertible notes payable\nLoss on extinguishment of convertible notes payable of $1,774,662 for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2021 relates to the repayment of the July\u00a02019 Notes. The loss on extinguishment represents the difference between the fair value of the July\u00a02019 Notes, including the fair value of the Replacement Warrants issued, on the repayment date compared to its carrying value.\nTransaction cost allocated to warrant liabilities\nTransaction cost allocated to warrant liabilities for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022 was $1,668,112. These transaction costs represent the portion of the closing costs from both the February\u00a0and August\u00a02022 financing transactions that was allocated to the warrants issued in those transactions.\nUnrealized gain on change in fair value of the Common Warrants\nUnrealized gain on change in fair value of Common Warrants for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022, of $17,999,521 relates to the change in fair value of the Common Warrants issued as part of the February\u00a0and August\u00a02022 Offerings (see Note\u00a0H of the accompanying consolidated financial statements). The gain on change in fair value represents the difference between the fair value of the Common Warrants on the issuance date compared to the fair value as of September\u00a030, 2022. The primary driver of this change is the decline in our stock price during the period.\nGain on extinguishment of notes payable\nGain on extinguishment of notes payable for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2021 of $839,945 relates to the full forgiveness of the Company\u2019s PPP loan. The gain on extinguishment represents the difference between the fair value of the PPP loan on the forgiveness date compared to their carrying value plus accrued interest.\nLoss on issuance of warrants\nThe loss on issuance of warrants of $10,591,600 for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022 relates to the August\u00a02022 financing transaction and is the result of the fair value of the warrants being greater than the cash received from the financing.\n45\n\n\nTable of Contents\nNet Loss\nNet loss decreased $6,008,380, or 42% to $8,270,059 for the fiscal\u00a0year ended September\u00a030, 2022 compared to $14,278,439 for the fiscal\u00a0year ended September\u00a030, 2021, due to the factors noted above.\nRecently Issued Accounting Pronouncements\nSee Note\u00a0C, \u201cRecent Accounting Standards,\u201d to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of accounting standards which may impact our consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods.\nLiquidity and Capital Resources\nOur liquidity needs consist of our working capital requirements and research and development expenditure funding. As of September 30, 2022, we had working capital of $15,757,821. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, we used cash in operating activities of $8,976,706 consisting primarily of our loss of $8,270,059 net with non-cash adjustments of $1,290,480 in depreciation and amortization charges, $2,518,665 in stock-based compensation expense, $1,668,112 in public offering costs incurred, $10,591,600 in loss on issuance of warrants, $17,999,521 in unrealized gain on change in fair value of common warrants, and $269,451 of bad debt expense. Additionally, we had a net increase in operating assets of $258,488 and a net decrease in operating liabilities of $1,213,054. Cash used in investing activities was $489,553, for the purchase of property and equipment. Cash provided by financing activities was $18,126,596, which included net proceeds from public offerings of $14,426,521, and warrant exercises of $3,700,075.\nWe have recurring net losses. We have incurred a net loss of $8,270,059 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. Our current capital resources include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and inventories. Historically, we have financed our operations principally from the sale of equity and equity-linked securities. Through September 30, 2022, we have dedicated most of our financial resources to commercialization of our MDx Testing Services, specifically our COVID-19 Testing Services, as well as to research and development efforts focused on the development of our Therapeutic DNA Productions Services, as well as, advancing our intellectual property, and general and administrative activities.\nAs discussed in Note\u00a0H of the accompanying consolidated financial statements, on August\u00a08, 2022, we closed on a public offering of\u00a03,000,000\u00a0shares of Common Stock and warrants, at a purchase price of $4.00\u00a0per share. The net proceeds, after deducting the placement agent\u2019s fees and other offering expenses were approximately $10.7\u00a0million. Also, we received $3.7\u00a0million in proceeds from the exercise of\u00a0900,000\u00a0Series\u00a0B Warrants.\nWe have alleviated the substantial doubt of a going concern through the cash received from the August\u00a02022 public offering and the warrant exercises, discussed above, as well as collection of our accounts receivable. We estimate that we will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund operations for the next twelve\u00a0months from the date of filing of this annual report.\nWe may require additional funds to complete the continued development of our products, services, product manufacturing, and to fund expected additional losses from operations until revenues are sufficient to cover our operating expenses. If revenues are not sufficient to cover our operating expenses, and if we are not successful in obtaining the necessary additional financing, we will most likely be forced to reduce operations.\nWe expect capital expenditures to be less than $3,000,000 in fiscal 2023. Our primary investments are expected to be in laboratory equipment related to our Therapeutic DNA Production segment\u2019s research and development activities.\nSubstantially all of the real property used in our business is leased under operating lease agreements.\nCritical Accounting Estimates and Policies\nFinancial Reporting Release No. 60, published by the SEC, recommends that all companies include a discussion of critical accounting policies used in the preparation of their financial statements. While all these significant accounting policies impact our financial condition and results of operations, we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined to be critical are those policies that have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements and require management to use a greater degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates.\n46\n\n\nTable of Contents\nWe believe that given current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would cause a material effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity for the periods presented in this report.\nThe accounting policies identified as critical are as follows:\n\u25cf\nRevenue recognition; and\n\u25cf\nEquity based compensation.\n\u25cf\nWarrant Liabilities\nCritical Accounting Estimates\nThe preparation of the financial statements in conformity with Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States of America (\u201cGAAP\u201d) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The most significant estimates include revenue recognition, recoverability of long-lived assets, including the values assigned to property and equipment, fair value calculations for warrants, contingencies, and management\u2019s anticipated liquidity. Management reviews its estimates on a regular basis and the effects of any material revisions are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period they are deemed necessary. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates.\nRevenue Recognition\nWe follow Financial Accounting Standards Board (\u201cFASB\u201d) issued accounting standard updates which clarify the principles for recognizing revenue arising from contracts with customers (\u201cASC 606\u201d or \u201cTopic 606\u201d).\nThe Company measures revenue at the amounts that reflect the consideration to which it is expected to be entitled in exchange for transferring control of goods and services to customers. The Company recognizes revenue either at the point in time or over the period of time that performance obligations to customers are satisfied. The Company\u2019s contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations (e.g. taggants, maintenance, authentication services, research and development services, etc.). For such arrangements, the Company allocates revenues to each performance obligation based on their relative standalone selling price.\nDue to the short-term nature of the Company\u2019s contracts with customers, it has elected to apply the practical expedients under Topic 606 to: (1) expense as incurred, incremental costs of obtaining a contract and (2) not adjust the consideration for the effects of a significant financing component for contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less.\nProduct Revenues and Authentication Services\nThe Company\u2019s PCR-produced linear DNA product revenues are accounted for/recognized in accordance with contracts with customers. The Company recognizes revenue upon satisfying its promises to transfer goods or services to customers under the terms of its contracts. These performance obligations are satisfied at the point in time the Company transfers control of the goods to the customer, which in nearly all cases is when title to and risk of loss of the goods transfer to the customer. The timing of transfer of title and risk of loss is dictated by customary or explicitly stated contract terms. The Company invoices customers upon shipment, and its collection terms range, on average, from 30 to 60 days.\nAuthentication Services\nThe Company recognizes revenue for authentication services upon satisfying its promises to provide services to customers under the terms of its contracts. These performance obligations are satisfied at the point in time the Company services are complete, which in nearly all cases is when the authentication report is released to the customer.\n47\n\n\nTable of Contents\nClinical Laboratory Testing Services\nThe Company records revenue for its clinical laboratory testing service contracts, which includes its COVID-19 Testing Services, upon satisfying its promise to provide services to customers under the terms of its contracts. These performance obligations are satisfied at the point in time that Company services are complete, which in nearly all cases is when the testing results are released to the customer. For those customers with a fixed monthly fee, the revenue is recognized over-time as the services are provided.\nResearch and Development Services\nThe Company records revenue for its research and development contracts using the over-time revenue recognition model. Revenue is primarily measured using the cost-to-cost method, which the Company believes best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. Under the cost-to-cost method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of actual costs incurred to the total estimated costs expected upon satisfying the identified performance obligation.\nRevenues are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. For contracts where the total costs cannot be estimated, revenues are recognized for the actual costs incurred during a period until the remaining costs to complete a contract can be estimated. The Company has elected not to disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less.\nWarrant Liabilities\nThe Company evaluated the Common Warrants and the Series A and Series B Warrants (collectively the \u201cWarrants\u201d) in accordance with ASC 480 \u201cDistinguishing Liabilities from Equity\u201d and ASC 815-40, \u201cDerivatives and Hedging \u2014 Contracts in Entity\u2019s Own Equity\u201d and concluded that due to the terms of the warrant agreements, the instrument does not qualify for equity treatment. As such, the Warrants were recorded as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet and measured at fair value at inception and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, \u201cFair Value Measurement\u201d, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of operations in the period of change.\nRecent Debt and Equity Financing Transactions\nFiscal 2022\nRegistered Direct Public Offering\nOn February\u00a024, 2022, we closed a registered direct offering (the \u201cOffering\u201d) in which, pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated February\u00a021, 2022, by and between the Company and an institutional investor, the Company issued and sold\u00a0748,200\u00a0shares of the Company\u2019s Common Stock (\u201cShare\u201d) and\u00a0748,200\u00a0pre-funded warrants (\u201cPre-Funded Warrants\u201d) to purchase shares of the Company\u2019s Common Stock. The Pre-Funded Warrants have an exercise price of $0.0001\u00a0per share and were immediately exercisable and can be exercised at any time after their original issuance until such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. Each Share was sold at an offering price of $2.80\u00a0and each Pre-Funded Warrant was sold at an offering price of $2.7999. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, in a concurrent private placement (together with the Registered Direct Offering, the \u201cOfferings\u201d), the Company issued unregistered warrants (\u201cCommon Warrants\u201d) to purchase up to\u00a01,496,400\u00a0shares of Common Stock. Each Common Warrant has an exercise price of $2.84\u00a0per share, is exercisable\u00a0six\u00a0months\u00a0from the date of issuance and will expire\u00a0five\u00a0years\u00a0from the initial exercise date on August\u00a024, 2027. The gross proceeds of the offering, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses, were approximately $4.2\u00a0million. On June\u00a09, 2022, all of the\u00a0748,200\u00a0Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised.\nAfter deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses related to the offering, the aggregate net proceeds were approximately $3.7\u00a0million.\nSubject to limited exceptions, a holder of a Common Warrant will not have the right to exercise any portion of its Common Warrant if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of\u00a04.99% (or, at the election of the holder,\u00a09.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise (the \u201cBeneficial Ownership Limitation\u201d); provided, however, that upon\u00a061\u00a0days\u2019 prior notice to us, the holder may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, provided that in no event shall the Beneficial Ownership Limitation exceed\u00a09.99%.\n48\n\n\nTable of Contents\nThe exercise price and number of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of a Common Warrant will be subject to adjustment in the event of any stock dividends and splits, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization or similar transaction, as described in the Warrant Agreement. The Common Warrants are recorded as a liability in the consolidated balance sheet and were recorded at fair value and will be marked to market at each period end. The fair value of the Common Warrants upon issuance was $3,350,400. The fair value of the warrants as of September\u00a030, 2022 was $1,477,000, which resulted in a gain in the change in fair value of Common Warrants of $1,873,400\u00a0for the twelve-month periods ended September\u00a030, 2022. Additionally, the Company allocated $391,335\u00a0of transaction costs to the warrant liabilities which is included in the consolidated statement of operations for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022.\nAs a result of this financing, the exercise price of the\u00a0458,813\u00a0remaining warrants issued during November\u00a02019,\u00a0159,000\u00a0warrants issued during October\u00a02020 and\u00a0100,000\u00a0warrants issued during December\u00a02020 was all reduced to an exercise price of $2.80\u00a0per share in accordance with the adjustment provision contained in their respective warrant agreements. The incremental change in fair value of these warrants as a result of the triggering event was $110,105\u00a0and is recorded as a deemed dividend in the consolidated statement of operations for the twelve-month period ended September\u00a030, 2022.\nPublic Offering\nOn August\u00a08, 2022, we closed on a public offering of\u00a03,000,000\u00a0shares of our common stock (or common stock equivalents in lieu thereof), together with Series\u00a0A warrants to purchase up to\u00a03,000,000\u00a0shares of our common stock and Series\u00a0B warrants to purchase up to\u00a03,000,000\u00a0shares of our common stock at a combined offering price to the public of $4.00\u00a0per share (or $3.9999\u00a0per common stock equivalent with an exercise price of $0.0001) and associated warrants, priced at a premium to market under Nasdaq rules. The Series\u00a0A warrants have an exercise price of $4.00\u00a0per share, are exercisable immediately upon issuance, and expire\u00a0five\u00a0years\u00a0following the date of issuance. The Series\u00a0B warrants have an exercise price of $4.00\u00a0per share, are exercisable immediately upon issuance, and expire\u00a0thirteen\u00a0months\u00a0following the date of issuance. The net proceeds to us from the offering, were approximately $10.7\u00a0million, after deducting the placement agent\u2019s fees and other offering expenses payable by us.\nWarrant Exercises\nDuring August\u00a02022, 925,000 of the Series\u00a0B warrants were exercised for total net proceeds of $3,700,000.\nFiscal 2021\nEntry into Warrant Exercise Agreement\nOn October\u00a07, 2020, we entered into Warrant Exercise Agreements (each, a \u201cWarrant Exercise Agreement\u201d) with Dillon Hill Capital, LLC and its affiliate, Dillon Hill Investment Company LLC (together, the \u201cInvestors\u201d), whereby 318,000 of our 2019 Warrants were exercised. The 2019 Warrants were issued as part of the Company\u2019s November\u00a015, 2019 underwritten public offering. The gross proceeds to the Company from this partial exercise of the 2019 Warrants was $1,669,500.\nIn consideration of this partial exercise of the 2019 Warrants and of the consent to repayment of the Notes, as described below, the Company agreed to issue, in addition to the 318,000 shares of common stock issued upon exercise of the 2019 Warrants (the \u201cWarrant Shares\u201d), 159,000 replacement warrants (the \u201cReplacement Warrants\u201d) to the Investors, which is an amount equal to one-half the amount of the 2019 Warrants exercised pursuant to the Warrant Exercise Agreements. The Replacement Warrants have an exercise price of $7.54, the closing price on The Nasdaq Capital Market of the Company\u2019s common stock on October\u00a07, 2020. In addition, until January\u00a05, 2021, if the Investors exercised additional 2019 Warrants, the Company agreed to issue to the applicable Investor additional Replacement Warrants in an amount equal to one-half the amount of such exercised 2019 Warrants with each such Replacement Warrant having an exercise price equal to the closing price on The Nasdaq Capital Market of the Company\u2019s common stock on such date that the related 2019 Warrants are exercised. No additional warrants were exercised.\nEach Replacement Warrant will be exercisable beginning on the date of issuance thereof and ending on the five\u00a0year anniversary of such date. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Replacement Warrants will be subject to adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, split, recapitalization, reorganization or similar transaction, as described in the Replacement Warrant. Subject to limited exceptions, a holder of a Replacement Warrant will not have the right to exercise any portion of its Replacement Warrant if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% of the number of shares \n49\n\n\nTable of Contents\nof common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise (the \u201cBeneficial Ownership Limitation\u201d); provided that upon 61\u00a0days\u2019 prior notice to the Company, the holder may elect to increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, although in no event may the Beneficial Ownership Limitation exceed 9.99%. Each Replacement Warrant includes an adjustment provision that, subject to certain exceptions, reduces its exercise price if the Company issues common stock or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current exercise price of such Replacement Warrant, subject to a minimum exercise price of 21% of such Replacement Warrant\u2019s initial exercise price per share. Under certain limited circumstances, including that the daily volume weighted average price of the common stock for each of 20 consecutive trading\u00a0days has exceeded three times the exercise price of such Replacement Warrant, the Company may call for cancellation of all or any portion of such Replacement Warrant for which a notice of exercise has not yet been delivered for consideration equal to $0.001 per Warrant Share.\nThe Replacement Warrants will not be registered nor listed on any exchange but are the subject of registration rights agreements (each, a \u201cRegistration Rights Agreement\u201d), entered into with each Investor concurrently with the respective Warrant Exercise Agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement by January\u00a020, 2021, with respect to the common stock underlying the Replacement Warrants. If at the time of exercise of the Replacement Warrants there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the applicable Investor, then such Replacement Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a \u201ccashless exercise\u201d in which the Investor will be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares as determined by the terms of the Replacement Warrant. A registration statement was filed and went effective on February\u00a02, 2021.\nThe private placement of the Replacement Warrants was completed in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided for by Section\u00a04(a)(2)\u00a0of the Securities Act and by Rule\u00a0506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. Each Investor represented to the Company in its Warrant Exercise Agreement that it is an \u201caccredited investor\u201d as that term is defined in Rule\u00a0501 of Regulation D.\nOn each of December\u00a09 and 10, 2020, the Investors exercised 100,000 of their 2019 Warrants, for an aggregate exercise of 200,000 of their 2019 Warrants, resulting in total net proceeds to the Company of approximately $1.1 million. As a result of these exercises, we issued to the Investors an aggregate of 100,000 additional replacement warrants, which are substantially similar to the Replacement Warrants described above except that 50,000 of the newly-issued replacement warrants have an exercise price of $6.57 and 50,000 of such replacement warrants have an exercise price of $6.46.\nRepayment of secured convertible notes\nOn October\u00a09, 2020, the Company entered into a letter agreement (the \u201cLetter Agreement\u201d) with Dillon Hill Capital, LLC (the \u201cNoteholder\u201d) as sole holder of the secured convertible notes (the \u201cNotes\u201d) for the repayment in full of the Notes, in an aggregate amount of $1,665,581 (the \u201cPayoff Amount\u201d), representing the outstanding principal amount of the Notes\u00a0plus accrued but unpaid interest through the scheduled maturity of the Notes. The Company paid the Payoff Amount to the Noteholder on October\u00a09, 2020. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, upon the Noteholder\u2019s receipt of the Payoff Amount, the Notes\u00a0and any other related documents and instruments automatically terminated. Moreover, all of the obligations and liabilities of the Company and its affiliates under the Notes, the Purchase Agreement, and the Security Agreements, and any other related documents and instruments, were automatically satisfied in full, and all related liens, mortgages or other security interests were automatically released.\nRegistered Direct Public Offering\nOn January\u00a013, 2021, we closed on a registered direct public offering (the \u201cOffering) of\u00a01,810,000\u00a0shares (the \u201cShares\u201d) of our common stock, pursuant to (i)\u00a0the securities purchase agreement, dated January\u00a010, 2021, by and between the Company and certain institutional investors(the \u201cPurchasers\u201d) whereby we agreed to issue and sell the Shares directly to the Purchasers at a price of\u00a0$8.30\u00a0per share of Common Stock and (ii)\u00a0the placement agency agreement, dated January\u00a010, 2021, by and between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the \u201cPlacement Agent\u201d). Net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, and other offering expenses, were approximately $13.8 million.\nProduct Research and Development\nWe anticipate spending approximately $4,000,000 for product research and development activities during the next twelve\u00a0months.\n50\n\n\nTable of Contents\nOff-Balance Sheet Arrangements\nWe do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.\nInflation\nThe effect of inflation on our revenue and operating results was not significant during the fiscal\u00a0years ended September\u00a030, 2022 and 2021.", "item7a": ">ITEM\u00a07A.\nQUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.\nInformation requested by this Item\u00a0is not applicable as we are electing scaled disclosure requirements available to Smaller Reporting Companies with respect to this Item.", "companyName": "APPLIED DNA SCIENCES INC", "cusip": "038222105"}