{"item1": ">ITEM 1.\nBUSINESS\n4\nITEM 1A.\nRISK FACTORS\n16\nITEM 2.\nPROPERTIES\n29\nITEM 3.\nLEGAL PROCEEDINGS\n29\nPART II\nITEM 5.\nMARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER\u00a0MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES\n30\nITEM 6.\n[RESERVED]\n32\nITEM 7.\nMANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND\u00a0RESULTS OF OPERATIONS\n32\nITEM\u00a07A.\nQUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK\n48\nITEM 8.\nFINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA\n50\nITEM 9.\nCHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE\n103\nITEM 9A.\nCONTROLS AND PROCEDURES\n103\nITEM 9B.\nOTHER INFORMATION\n104\nITEM 9C.\nDISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS\n104\nPART III\nITEM 10.\nDIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE\n105\nITEM 11.\nEXECUTIVE COMPENSATION\n105\nITEM 12.\nSECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS\n105\nITEM 13.\nCERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE\n105\nITEM 14.\nPRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES\n106\nPART IV\nITEM\u00a015.\nEXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES\n106\nSIGNATURES\n110\nTable of Contents\nCAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS\nSome of the statements we use in this report, and in some of the documents we incorporate by reference in this report, contain forward-looking statements concerning our business operations, economic performance and financial condition, including in particular: our business strategy and means to implement the strategy; measures of future results of operations, such as revenues, expenses, operating margins, income tax rates, and earnings per share; other operating metrics such as shares outstanding and capital expenditures; the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; our success and timing in developing and introducing new services and expanding our business; and statements about the benefits of our acquisitions, including future financial and operating results, the company\u2019s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, and the successful integration of our acquisitions or completion of anticipated benefits and strategic initiatives. You can sometimes identify forward-looking statements by our use of the words \"believes,\" \"anticipates,\" \"expects,\" \"intends,\" \"plan,\" \"forecast,\" \"guidance\" and similar expressions. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.\nAlthough we believe that the plans and expectations reflected in or suggested by our forward-looking statements are reasonable, those statements are based on a number of assumptions, estimates, projections or plans that are inherently subject to significant risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, cannot be foreseen and reflect future business decisions that are subject to change. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that our plans and expectations will be achieved. Our actual revenues, revenue growth rates and margins, other results of operations and shareholder values could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements as a result of many known and unknown factors, many of which are beyond our ability to predict or control. Important factors, among others, that may otherwise cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking statements or historical performance include\n \nthe effects of global economic, political, market, health and social events or other conditions, including the effects and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken in response; our ability to meet our liquidity needs in light of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company or our directors; difficulties, delays and higher than anticipated costs related to integrating the businesses of Global Payments and Total System Services, Inc., including with respect to implementing controls to prevent a material security breach of any internal systems or to successfully manage credit and fraud risks in business units; the effect of a security breach or operational failure on the Company's business; failing to comply with the applicable requirements of Visa, Mastercard or other payment networks or card schemes or changes in those requirements; the ability to maintain Visa and Mastercard registration and financial institution sponsorship; the ability to retain, develop and hire key personnel; the diversion of management\u2019s attention from ongoing business operations; the continued availability of capital and financing; increased competition in the markets in which we operate and our ability to increase our market share in existing markets and expand into new markets; our ability to safeguard our data; risks associated with our indebtedness, foreign currency exchange and interest rate risks; our ability to meet environmental, social and governance targets, goals and commitments; the potential effects of climate change including natural disasters; the effects of new or changes in current laws, regulations, credit card association rules or other industry standards on us or our partners and customers, including privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations; and other events beyond our control, and other factors presented in \"Item 1A - Risk Factors\" of this Annual Report on Form\u00a010-K, which we advise you to review. These cautionary statements qualify all of our forward-looking statements, and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.\nOur forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and should not be relied upon as representing our plans and expectations as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update or revise forward-looking statements at some time in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to our forward-looking statements, except as required by law.\n3\nTable of Contents\nPART I\nITEM 1- BUSINESS\nGlobal Payments Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to collectively as \"Global Payments,\" the \"Company,\" \"we,\" \"our\" or \"us,\" unless the context requires otherwise.\nIntroduction\nWe are a leading payments technology company delivering innovative software and services to approximately 4.0 million merchant locations and more than 1,350 financial institutions across more than 170 countries throughout North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Our technologies, services and team member expertise allow us to provide a broad range of solutions that enable our customers to operate their businesses more efficiently across a variety of channels around the world. Headquartered in Georgia with approximately 25,000 team members worldwide, Global Payments is a Fortune 500 company and is a member of the S&P 500.\u00a0Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol \"GPN.\"\nIndustry Overview\nThe payments technology industry provides financial institutions, businesses and consumers with payment processing services, merchant acceptance solutions and related information and other value-added services. The industry continues to grow as a result of wider merchant acceptance and increased use of credit and debit cards, advances in payment solutions and processing technology and migration to ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. The proliferation of credit and debit cards, as well as other digital payment solutions, has made the acceptance of digital payments a necessity for many businesses, regardless of size, in order to remain competitive. The COVID-19 pandemic has further accelerated the use of digital payments, the need for development of technologies and digital-based solutions and expansion of ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. This increased use of cards and the availability of more sophisticated technology services to all market segments has resulted in an increasingly competitive and specialized industry. \nStrategy\nWe seek to leverage the adoption of, and transition to, card and digital-based payments by expanding our share in our existing markets through our distribution channels and service innovation, as well as through acquisitions to improve our offerings and scale. We also seek to enter new markets through acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures around the world. We intend to continue to invest in and leverage our technology infrastructure and our people to increase our penetration in existing markets.\nThe key tenets of our strategy include the following:\n\u2022\nLeading with technology and innovation to deepen our competitive advantages;\n\u2022\nFurther scaling the four pillars of our strategy: software-driven focus, ecommerce & omnichannel solutions, exposure to faster growth markets and business-to-business (\"B2B\") payments;\n\u2022\nDelivering commerce enablement solutions globally to broaden our leading position as a sales-driven, product-led company;\n\u2022\nProviding frictionless, best-in-class customer experiences, creating longer-term relationships;\n\u2022\nNurturing our culture, values and diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives to attract, retain and motivate exceptional team members; and\n\u2022\nSupporting our communities as a socially responsible company with purpose and understanding.\n4\nTable of Contents\nCompetitive Strengths\nWe believe that our competitive strengths include the following:\n\u2022\nGlobal Footprint and Distribution\n - Our worldwide presence allows us to focus our investments on markets with promising gross domestic product fundamentals and favorable secular trends, makes us more attractive to customers with international operations and exposes us to emerging innovations that we can adopt globally, while diversifying our economic risk.\n\u2022\nTechnology Solutions - \nWe provide innovative technology-based solutions, including enterprise software solutions, that enable our customers to operate their business more efficiently and simplify the payments process, regardless of the channel through which the transaction occurs. We believe our robust technology solutions will continue to differentiate us in the marketplace and position us for continued growth.\n \n\u2022\nScalable Operating Environment and Technology Infrastructure\n - We operate with a multi-channel, global technology infrastructure, which provides scalable and innovative service offerings and a consistent service experience to our merchants, customers, financial institutions and other partners worldwide, while also driving sustainable operating efficiencies.\n\u2022\nStrong, Long-lasting Partner Relationships\n - We have established strong, long-lasting relationships with many financial institutions, enterprise software providers, value-added resellers and other technology-based payment service providers, which enable us to deliver a set of diverse solutions to our customers.\n\u2022\nDisciplined Acquisition Approach\n - Our proven track record for selectively and successfully sourcing, completing and integrating acquired businesses in existing and new markets positions us well for future growth and as an attractive partner for potential acquisition targets.\nRecent Acquisitions\nOn June\u00a010, 2021, we acquired Zego, a real estate technology company that provides a comprehensive resident experience management software and digital commerce solutions to property managers, primarily in the United States, for cash consideration of approximately $933 million\n. \nThis acquisition aligns with our technology-enabled, software driven strategy and expands our business into a new vertical market.\nDuring the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed other strategic business acquisitions for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $963 million. Our acquisition of MineralTree, a leading provider of accounts payable automation and B2B payments solutions, expands our target addressable market and provides incremental avenues for growth in one of the most attractive technology markets. Our acquisitions of the Bankia merchant services business and Worldline's PayOne Austrian acquiring business deepen our presence in Europe and expand the scale of our distribution and technologies.  \nOn September\u00a018, 2019, we consummated our merger with Total System Services, Inc. (\"TSYS\") (the \"Merger\") for total purchase consideration of $24.5 billion, primarily funded with shares of our common stock. Prior to the Merger, TSYS was a leading global payments provider, offering seamless, secure and innovative solutions to issuers, merchants and consumers. \nSee \"Note 2\u2014Acquisitions\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these acquisitions.\nBusiness Segments\nWe operate in three reportable segments: Merchant Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Business and Consumer Solutions. See \"Note 16\u2014Segment Information\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about our segments, including revenues, operating income and depreciation and amortization by segment as well as financial information about geographic areas in which we operate.\nOur foreign operations subject us to various risks, including, without limitation, currency exchange risks and political, economic and regulatory risks. See \"Item 1A - Risk Factors\" for additional information about these risks.\n5\nTable of Contents\nMerchant Solutions Segment\nThrough our Merchant Solutions segment, we provide payments technology and software solutions to customers globally. Our payment technology solutions are similar around the world in that we enable our customers to accept card, check and digital-based payments. Our comprehensive offerings include, but are not limited to, authorization, settlement and funding services, customer support, chargeback resolution, terminal rental, sales and deployment, payment security services, consolidated billing and reporting.\nIn addition, we offer a wide array of enterprise software solutions that streamline business operations to customers in numerous vertical markets. We also provide a variety of value-added solutions and services, including specialty point-of-sale software, analytic and customer engagement, human capital management and payroll and reporting that assist our customers with driving demand and operating their businesses more efficiently.\nOur value proposition is to provide distinctive high-quality, responsive and secure services to all of our customers. We distribute our Merchant Solutions services globally through multiple technology-enabled and relationship-led distribution channels and target customers in many vertical markets located throughout North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. The majority of our revenues is generated by services priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction, depending on the payment type or the market. We also earn software subscription and licensing fees, as well as other fees based on specific value-added services that may be unrelated to the number or value of transactions. \nDistribution Channels\nIn the Merchant Solutions segment, we actively market and provide our payment services, enterprise software solutions and other value-added services directly to our customers through a variety of technology-enabled and relationship-led distribution channels. \nTechnology-Enabled. \nMany of our payment solutions are technology-enabled in that they incorporate or are incorporated into innovative, technology-driven solutions, including enterprise software solutions, designed to enable merchants to better manage their businesses. Our technology-enabled solutions represent a substantial component of our revenues. Our technology-enabled distribution includes integrated and vertical market software solutions and ecommerce and omnichannel solutions, each as described below. \nIntegrated Solutions. \nOur integrated solutions provide advanced payments technology that is deeply embedded into business management software solutions owned by our technology partners who operate in numerous vertical markets, primarily in North America. We grow our integrated solutions business when new or existing merchants enable payments services through enterprise software solutions sold by our partners, including existing and new partners.  \nVertical Markets Software Solutions\n. Our vertical markets software solutions provide advanced payments technology that is deeply integrated into business enterprise software solutions that we own. We distribute our vertical markets software solutions primarily through the following businesses: \n\u2022\nACTIVE Network\n. Through ACTIVE Network, we deliver cloud-based enterprise software, including payment technology solutions, to event organizers in the communities, government services and health and fitness markets.\n\u2022\nAdvancedMD\n. Through AdvancedMD, we provide cloud-based enterprise solutions to small-to-medium sized ambulatory care physician practices in the United States.\n\u2022\nEducation Solutions\n. We offer integrated payment solutions specifically designed for all levels of educational institutions. At the university level, we offer integrated commerce solutions, payment services, higher education loan services, credentialing services and open- and closed-loop payment solutions. For kindergarten through 12\nth\n grade, we provide ecommerce and in-person payments, cafeteria POS solutions and back-office management software, hardware, technical support and training.\n\u2022\nGaming. \nWe offer a comprehensive suite of solutions to the gaming market in North America. These solutions include credit and debit card cash advance, cashless advance, iGaming solutions, traditional and digital check processing and other services specific to this market. \n6\nTable of Contents\n\u2022\nXenial\n. Through Xenial, we offer leading-edge enterprise software and hardware solutions, integrated with our payment services and other adjacent business service applications, to the restaurant and hospitality vertical markets.\nEcommerce and Omnichannel\n. We offer ecommerce and omnichannel solutions to our customers that seamlessly blend payment gateway services, retail payment acceptance infrastructure and payment technology service capabilities through a unified commerce platform to allow merchants to accept various payment methods through any channel across our geographical footprint. We sell ecommerce and omnichannel solutions to customers of all sizes, from small businesses accepting payments in a single country to enterprise and multinational businesses that have complex payment needs and operate retail and online businesses in multiple countries.\nRelationship-Led. \nThrough our relationship-led direct sales force worldwide, as well as bank and other referral partnerships, we offer our payments technology services, software and other value-added solutions directly to customers across numerous verticals in the markets we serve. We offer high-touch services that provide our customers with reliable and secure solutions coupled with high-quality and responsive support services. Although our primary focus is on building high-quality, direct relationships with merchants, we also provide our services to merchants through independent sales organizations (\"ISOs\") and financial institutions.\nCredit and Debit Card Transaction Processing\nCredit and debit card transaction processing includes the processing of the world's major international card brands, including American Express, Discover Card (\"Discover\"), JCB, Mastercard, UnionPay International and Visa, as well as certain domestic debit networks, such as Interac in Canada. Credit and debit networks establish uniform regulations that govern much of the payment card industry. During a typical payment transaction, the merchant and the card issuer do not interface directly with each other, but instead rely on payments technology companies, such as Global Payments, to facilitate transaction processing services, including authorization, electronic draft capture, file transfers to facilitate funds settlement and certain exception-based, back office support services such as chargeback resolution.\nWe process funds settlement under two models: a sponsorship model and a direct membership model. Under the sponsorship model, member clearing financial institutions (\"Members\") sponsor us and require our adherence to the standards of the networks. In these markets, we have sponsorship or depository and clearing agreements with financial institution sponsors. These agreements allow us to route transactions under the Members' control and identification numbers to clear card transactions through Mastercard and Visa. In this model, the standards of the card networks restrict us from performing funds settlement or accessing merchant settlement funds, and, instead, require that these funds be in the possession of the Member until the merchant has been funded.\nUnder the direct membership model, we are direct members in various payment networks, allowing us to process and fund transactions without third-party sponsorship. Under this model, we route and clear transactions directly through the card brand\u2019s network and are not restricted from performing funds settlement. Otherwise, we process these transactions similarly to how we process transactions in the sponsorship model. We are required to adhere to the standards of the various networks in which we are direct members. We maintain relationships with financial institutions, which may also serve as our Member sponsors for other card brands or in other markets, to assist with funds settlement.\nHow a Card Transaction Works\nA typical payment transaction begins when a cardholder presents a card for payment at a merchant location where the card information is captured by a point-of-sale (\"POS\") terminal card reader or mobile device card reader, which may be sold or leased to the merchant and serviced by us. Alternatively, card and transaction information may be captured and transmitted to our network through a POS device or ecommerce portal by one of a number of services that we offer directly or through a value-added reseller. The card reader electronically records sales draft information, such as the card identification number, transaction date and transaction amount.\nAfter the card and transaction information is captured, the POS device automatically connects to our network through the internet or other communication channel in order to receive authorization of the transaction. For a credit card transaction, authorization services generally refer to the process in which the card issuer indicates whether a particular credit card is authentic and whether the impending transaction amount will cause the cardholder to exceed defined credit limits. In a debit card transaction, we obtain authorization for the transaction from the card issuer through the payment network verifying that the cardholder has access to sufficient funds for the transaction amount.\n7\nTable of Contents\nAs an illustration, shown below in the sponsorship model, on a $100.00 card transaction, the card issuer may fund the Member, our sponsor, (indirectly through the card network) $98.50 after retaining approximately $1.50 referred to as an interchange fee. The card issuer seeks reimbursement of $100.00 from the cardholder in the cardholder's monthly credit card statement. The Member would, in turn, pay the merchant $100.00. The net settlement after this transaction would require us to advance the Member $1.50. After the end of the month, we would bill the merchant a percentage of the transaction amount, or merchant discount, to cover the full amount of the interchange fee and our fee from the transaction. If our discount rate for the merchant in the above example was 2.00%, we would bill the merchant $2.00 after the end of the month for the transaction, reimburse ourselves for $1.50 in interchange fees and retain $0.50 as our fees for the transaction. Under some arrangements, we remit the net amount of $98.00 to the merchant, rather than funding the full $100.00 and subsequently billing the merchant at the end of the month. Discount rates vary based on negotiations with merchants and the economic characteristics of transactions. Interchange rates also vary based on the economic characteristics of individual transactions. Accordingly, our fee per transaction varies across our merchant base and is subject to change based on changes in discount rates and interchange rates. Our profit on the transaction reflects the fee received less payment network fees and operating expenses, including systems cost to process the transaction and commissions paid to our sales force or ISO. Payment network fees are charged by the card brands, in part, based on the value of transactions processed through their networks.\nIssuer Solutions Segment\nThrough our Issuer Solutions segment, we provide solutions that enable financial institutions and other financial service providers to manage their card portfolios, reduce technical complexity and overhead and offer a seamless experience for cardholders on a single platform. In addition, we provide flexible commercial payments and ePayables solutions that support B2B payment processes for businesses and governments. We also offer complementary services, including account management and servicing, fraud solution services, analytics and business intelligence, cards, statements and correspondence, customer contact solutions and risk management solutions.\nIssuer Solutions segment revenues are derived from long-term processing contracts with financial institutions and other financial services providers. Payment processing services revenues are generated primarily from charges based on the number of accounts on file, transactions and authorizations processed, statements generated and/or mailed, managed services, cards embossed and mailed, and other processing services for cardholder accounts on file. Most of these contracts \n8\nTable of Contents\nhave prescribed annual minimums, penalties for early termination, and service level agreements that may affect contractual fees if specific service levels are not achieved. Issuer Solutions segment revenues also include loyalty redemption services and professional services.\nBusiness and Consumer Solutions Segment\nOur Business and Consumer Solutions segment provides general purpose reloadable (\"GPR\") prepaid debit and payroll cards, demand deposit accounts and other financial service solutions to the underbanked and other consumers and businesses in the United States and parts of Europe through our Netspend\u00ae and other brands. Through our Business and Consumer Solutions segment, we provide customers with access to depository accounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (\"FDIC\") with a menu of features specifically tailored to their needs. The Business and Consumer Solutions segment has an extensive distribution and reload network comprised of financial service centers and other retail locations throughout the United States, and is a program manager for FDIC-insured depository institutions that provide the services that the Business and Consumer Solutions segment develops, promotes and distributes. Business and Consumer Solutions currently has active agreements with four card issuing banks. Additionally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment provides B2B payment services and software-as-a-service (\u201cSaaS\u201d) offerings that automate key procurement processes, including invoice capture, coding and approval, and enable virtual cards and integrated payments options across a variety of key vertical markets.\nThe Business and Consumer Solutions segment markets its services through multiple distribution channels, including alternative financial service providers, traditional retailers, direct-to-consumer and online marketing programs and contractual relationships with corporate employers. Business and Consumer Solutions segment revenues principally consist of fees\u00a0collected from cardholders\u00a0and fees generated by cardholder activity in connection with the programs that we manage. Customers are typically charged a fee for each purchase transaction made using their cards, unless the customer is on a monthly or annual service plan, in which case the customer is instead charged a monthly or annual subscription fee, as applicable. Customers are also charged a monthly maintenance fee after a specified period of inactivity. We also charge fees associated with additional services offered in connection with programs we manage, including the use of overdraft features, a variety of bill payment options, card replacement, foreign exchange and card-to-card transfers of funds initiated through our call centers. Revenues are recognized net of fees charged by the payment networks for services they provide in processing transactions routed through them. We have recently commenced a strategic evaluation of the consumer portion of this segment with the intent to focus on our growing B2B portfolio.\nCompetition\nOur Merchant Solutions segment competes with financial institutions, merchant acquirers and other financial technology companies who provide businesses with merchant acquiring services and related services. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we believe that we were one of the largest merchant acquirers in the small and medium-sized business segment (merchants who have less than $5 million in annual bankcard sales volume) in the United States. In the United States, we compete primarily with Fiserv, Inc. (and its alliances) (\"Fiserv\"), Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (\"FIS\"), Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC, Elavon, Inc., a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A and Block Inc. (formerly known as Square, Inc.). While these are our primary competitors, our vertically focused business in the United States competes with other organizations. Advances in technology are also enabling new entrants, some of which depart from traditional payment models. \nInternationally, financial institutions remain the primary providers of payment technology services to merchants, although the outsourcing of these services to third-party service providers is becoming more prevalent. In addition to financial institutions, competitors in Europe include Ayden N.V. and FIS. We expect competition to continue to increase as new companies enter our markets and existing competitors expand or consolidate their product lines and services.\nOur Issuer Solutions segment encounters competition from other third-party payment card processors, the card brands, core banking platform providers, independent software vendors and various other firms that provide products and services to payment card issuers in the markets we serve. The United States market for third-party issuer processing is primarily serviced by three vendors, including TSYS. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we believe that we were the largest third-party processor for credit card issuers in North America and one of the largest in Europe based on net revenue from solutions provided to credit card issuers. \nOur Business and Consumer Solutions segment primarily competes with other demand deposit account and prepaid debit account program managers to provide financial service solutions to the underbanked and other consumers and businesses. Our primary competitors in this space include Green Dot Corporation, InComm, Fiserv and Chime. As of \n9\nTable of Contents\nDecember\u00a031, 2021, we believe that we were one of the two largest prepaid program managers in the United States based on gross dollar volume (total spending on the accounts we manage) processed.\nSafeguarding Our Business\nIn order to provide our services, we process and store sensitive business information and personal information, which may include credit and debit card numbers, bank account numbers, social security numbers, driver\u2019s license numbers, names and addresses, and other types of personal information or sensitive business information. Some of this information is also processed and stored by financial institutions, merchants and other entities, as well as third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions and other agents, which we refer to collectively as our associated third parties. We may have responsibility to the card networks, financial institutions, and in some instances, our merchants, ISOs and/or individuals, for our failure or the failure of our associated third parties (as applicable) to protect this information.\nWe are subject to cyber security and information theft risks in our operations, which we seek to manage through cyber and information security programs, training and insurance coverage. To strengthen our security and cyber defenses, we continue to deploy multiple methods at different layers to defend our systems against misuse, intrusions and cyberattacks and to protect the data we collect. Further, we work with information security and forensics firms and employ advanced technologies to help prevent, investigate and address issues relating to processing system security and availability. We also collaborate with third parties, regulators and law enforcement, when appropriate, to resolve security incidents and assist in efforts to prevent unauthorized access to our processing systems. \nIntellectual Property\nOur intellectual property is an important part of our strategy to be a leading provider of payment technology and software solutions. We use a combination of internal policies, intellectual property laws and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technologies and brands. In addition, to protect our various brands, we seek and maintain registration of U.S. and international patents, trademarks, service marks and domain names that align with our brand strategy.\u00a0We also enforce our trademarks against potential sources of misunderstanding that could harm our brand and ability to compete. In addition to using our intellectual property in our own operations, we grant licenses to certain of our customers to use our intellectual property.\nHuman Capital Management\nTeam Member Population\nWe currently do business in over 170 countries around the world, with team members living and working in 32 of them. As of December\u00a031, 2021, our approximately 25,000 team member workforce represented approximately 80 nationalities and 18 natively spoken languages, with approximately 64% residing in the Americas, 16% residing in Europe and 20% residing in Asia Pacific. Many of our team members are highly skilled in technical areas specific to payment technology and software solutions.\nTalent Management and Retention\nWe place an emphasis on attracting and retaining premier and diverse team members. To that end, we have implemented programs and initiatives focused on enriching new hire experiences, developing team members through extensive training and professional development opportunities, including mentorship programs, promoting team members\u2019 wellness and safety, particularly during challenging times such as the COVID-19 pandemic, providing flexible work arrangements and offering comprehensive and competitive benefits packages, including paid parental leave, team member assistance and savings and retirement programs. Further, we honor and recognize the efforts of all of our team members and celebrate our team members through a combination of programs, including team appreciation activities to celebrate all team members and annual awards programs to honor top performers and notable contributors. We also regularly survey our team members to help us understand their perspectives related to workplace culture, engagement, well-being and to inform our diversity and inclusion strategies and initiatives. The results from these surveys are leveraged to further develop our talent management initiatives.  \n10\nTable of Contents\nWell-being and Safety\nThe success of our business is connected to the well-being of our team members. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our team members worldwide, and we provide team members with various health and wellness programs and benefits. \nIn response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best interest of our team members as well as the communities in which we operate. This included enabling the vast majority of our worldwide team members to seamlessly shift to remote work. Over the past several years, we have made significant investments in modernizing our operating environments and technologies that support day-to-day execution. The largely cloud-based systems and collaboration tools we use globally facilitated this smooth transition of operations to business continuity mode. For those team members who continued to work in our offices, and as team members have returned in certain regions in accordance with local guidelines and mandates, we have implemented health and safety protocols to help keep our team members safe, such as:\n\u2022\nIncreasing cleaning protocols across all our locations;\n\u2022\nInitiating regular communication regarding effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, including health and safety protocols and procedures;\n\u2022\nExpanding resources and benefits available to team members, including hosting team member vaccination clinics, free at-home COVID-19 testing and expanded mental health and well-being initiatives;\n\u2022\nAdjusting attendance policies to encourage those who are sick to stay home; and\n\u2022\nImplementing protocols to address actual and suspected COVID-19 cases and potential exposure.\nGrowth and Development\nOur strategy to develop and retain the best talent includes an emphasis on team member development and training. We provide a variety of training and development opportunities to team members globally, including our online training platform that contains a vast array of tools and application resources for all team members to build learning experiences and skills. In order to help our team members strengthen the skills and behaviors needed for career advancement, our new performance management program enables team members to drive their development with a focus on growth, performance, and well-being through regular meetings with their leader. \nInclusion and Diversity\nOur inclusion and diversity program focuses on workforce (our team members), workplace (culture, tools and programs) and community. We believe that our business is strengthened by a diverse workforce that reflects the communities in which we operate. We believe all of our team members should be treated with respect and equality, regardless of gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, religious beliefs, or other characteristics; to further this goal, we formally launched an inclusion and diversity initiative in 2018. In 2020, we undertook a series of initiatives to further enhance our existing diversity and inclusion programs. We have also broadened our focus on inclusion and diversity by including social and racial equity in our conversations and equipping and empowering our Employee Resource Group (\"ERG\") leaders with the right tools and training to lead their networks. Through this plan, our aspirational goals are to:\n\u2022\nImprove diversity at all levels across the company, including increasing the representation of women and minorities in leadership positions;  \n\u2022\nIncrease team member engagement and awareness through education and participation in diversity and inclusion programs, such as our Conversations of Understanding series we have launched to discuss racial inequality in our communities, and the Inclusion and Diversity Advisory Counsel, consisting of team members worldwide who provide insight and input on the progress of our inclusion and diversity initiatives; and\n\u2022\nEnhance the strategy and initiatives for our ERGs to expand their reach and effectiveness in educating and supporting our team members.\n11\nTable of Contents\nEnvironmental, Social and Governance (\"ESG\")\nAs part of our annual ESG reporting, we provide additional information about our approach to ESG matters in our Global Responsibility Report (which is not incorporated herein), available in the investor relations section of our website at \nwww.globalpaymentsinc.com\n.\nRegulation\nVarious aspects of our business are subject to regulation and supervision under federal, state and local laws in the United States, and foreign laws, regulations and rules, as well as local escheat laws and privacy and information security regulations. In addition, we are subject to rules promulgated by the various payment networks, including American Express, Discover, Interac, Mastercard and Visa. Set forth below is a brief summary of some of the significant laws and regulations that apply to us. These descriptions are not exhaustive, and these laws, regulations and rules frequently change and are increasing in number. \nWe are currently in compliance with existing legal and regulatory requirements and do not expect that maintaining compliance with these regulations will have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive and financial positions. See \"Item 1A - Risk Factors\" for additional discussion of the potential risks associated with future changes in laws or regulations. \nDodd-Frank Act\nThe Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the \"Dodd-Frank Act\") restricts the amounts of debit card fees that certain institutions can charge merchants. Pursuant to regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board, debit interchange rates for card issuers with assets of $10 billion or more are capped at $0.21 per transaction and an ad valorem component of 5 basis points to reflect a portion of the issuer's fraud losses plus, for qualifying issuers, an additional $0.01 per transaction in debit interchange for fraud prevention costs. \nIn addition, the Dodd-Frank Act limits the ability of payment card networks to impose certain restrictions because it allows merchants to: (i) set minimum dollar amounts (not to exceed $10) for the acceptance of a credit card (and allows federal governmental entities and institutions of higher education to set maximum amounts for the acceptance of credit cards) and (ii) provide discounts or incentives to encourage consumers to pay with cash, checks, debit cards or credit cards.\nThe rules also contain prohibitions on network exclusivity and merchant routing restrictions that require a card issuer to enable at least two unaffiliated networks on each debit card, prohibit card networks from entering into exclusivity arrangements and restrict the ability of issuers or networks to mandate transaction routing requirements.\u00a0The prohibition on network exclusivity has not significantly affected our ability to pass on network fees and other costs to our customers, nor do we expect it to in the future.\nThe Dodd-Frank Act also created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (\"CFPB\"), which has assumed responsibility for enforcing federal consumer protection laws, and the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which has the authority to determine whether any nonbank financial company, such as us, should be supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the \"Federal Reserve\") on the ground that it is \"systemically important\" to the U.S. financial system. Accordingly, we may be subject to additional systemic risk-related oversight.\nMoney Transmission, Sale of Checks and Payment Instrument Laws and Regulations\nOur Business and Consumer Solutions segment is subject to money transfer and payment instrument licensing regulations. We have obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter, seller of checks and/or provider of payment instruments in 49 states and the District of Columbia.\nOur Business and Consumer Solutions segment is subject to direct supervision and regulation by the relevant state banking departments or similar agencies charged with enforcement of the relevant statutes and we must comply with various requirements, such as those related to the maintenance of a certain level of net worth, surety bonding, selection and oversight of our authorized agents, maintaining permissible investments in an amount equal to or in excess of our outstanding payment obligations, recordkeeping and reporting and disclosures to consumers. Our Business and Consumer Solutions segment is also subject to periodic examinations by the relevant licensing authorities, which may include reviews of our compliance practices, policies and procedures, financial position and related records, various agreements that we have with our issuing \n12\nTable of Contents\nbanks, distributors and other third parties, privacy and data security policies and procedures and other matters related to our business.\nBanking Laws and Regulations\nBecause we provide digital payment processing services to banks and other financial institutions, we are subject to examination by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (the \"FFIEC\"), an interagency body comprised primarily of federal banking regulators, and also subject to examination by the various state financial regulatory agencies that supervise and regulate the financial institutions for which we provide digital payment processing and other payment related services. The FFIEC examines large data processors in order to identify and mitigate risks associated with systemically significant service providers, including specifically the risks they may pose to the banking industry.\nPrivacy, Information Security and Other Business Practices Regulation\nAspects of our business are subject, directly or indirectly, to privacy and data protection regulations in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and elsewhere. In most of the countries in which we operate, these laws impose requirements on the manner in which personal information can be collected, processed, stored and shared. They also impose requirements, which vary materially by jurisdiction, in the event of a personal data breach.\nCompliance with the data protection regulations could potentially require substantive technology infrastructure and process changes across many of the Company\u2019s businesses. Noncompliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (\"GDPR\"), the California Consumer Privacy Act, or similar laws and regulations could lead to substantial regulatory fines and penalties, or damages from private causes of action.\nWe also face security and operational risks relating to third parties upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities or upon whom our customers rely. Such third parties include vendors and other partners.\nNew regulations (including new state laws in the United States or a possible federal privacy law) and new interpretations of existing regulations like the GDPR could create new privacy rights for individuals and new obligations for companies handling personal information. Such additional laws and regulations could limit our ability to use and share personal or other data, increase costs related to compliance, or adversely affect our ability to move data across borders. The effect of the regulations could harm our business and financial condition.\nT\nhe U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (\u201cHIPAA\u201d), together with the HIPAA Privacy Rule, governs the use and disclosure of protected health information in healthcare treatment, payment and operations by covered entities. \nIn addition, multiple states, Congress and regulators outside the United States are considering similar laws or regulations which could create new individual privacy rights and impose increased obligations on companies handling personal data.\u00a0See \"Item 1A - Risk Factors\" for additional discussion of the potential risks associated with future changes in laws or regulations. \nAnti-Money Laundering, Anti-Bribery and Sanctions Regulations\nIn many countries, we are legally or contractually required to comply with the anti-money laundering laws and regulations, such as, in the United States, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act (collectively, the \"Bank Secrecy Act\"), and similar laws of other countries, which require that customer identifying information be obtained and verified. In some countries, we are directly subject to these requirements; in other countries, we have contractually agreed to assist our sponsor financial institutions with their obligation to comply with anti-money laundering requirements that apply to them. In addition, we and our sponsor financial institutions are subject to the laws and regulations enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (\"OFAC\"), which prohibit U.S. persons from engaging in transactions with certain prohibited persons or entities. Similar requirements apply in other countries. We have developed procedures and controls that are designed to monitor and address legal and regulatory requirements and developments and that allow our customers to protect against having direct business dealings with such prohibited countries, individuals or entities.\nThe Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (\"FinCEN\") has issued a rule regarding the applicability of the Bank Secrecy Act's anti-money laundering provisions to \"prepaid access programs.\" This rulemaking clarifies the anti-money laundering obligations for entities, such as our Business and Consumer Solutions business and its distributors, engaged in the provision and sale of prepaid access devices like our GPR prepaid cards. Certain of our operating subsidiaries have registered with FinCEN as a money services business. This registration results in our having direct responsibility to maintain and implement an anti-money laundering compliance program for such subsidiaries.\n13\nTable of Contents\nWe are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (\u201cFCPA\u201d) and similar laws outside of the U.S. such as the U.K. Bribery Act, that prohibit the making or offering of improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures. The FCPA has a broad reach and requires maintenance of appropriate records and adequate internal controls to prevent and detect possible FCPA violations.\nState Wage Payment Laws and Regulations\nThe use of payroll card programs as a means for an employer to remit wages or other compensation to its employees or independent contractors is governed by state labor laws related to wage payments, which laws are subject to change. The paycard portion of our Business and Consumer Solutions segment includes payroll cards and convenience checks and is designed to allow employers to comply with applicable state wage and hour laws. Most states permit the use of payroll cards as a method of paying wages to employees, either through statutory provisions allowing such use or, in the absence of specific statutory guidance, the adoption by state labor departments of formal or informal policies allowing for their use. Nearly every state allowing payroll cards places certain requirements and/or restrictions on their use as a wage payment method, the most common of which involve obtaining the prior written consent of the employee, limitations on fees and disclosure requirements.\nEscheat Laws\nWe are subject to unclaimed or abandoned property state laws in the United States and in certain foreign countries that require us to transfer to certain government authorities the unclaimed property of others that we hold when that property has been unclaimed for a certain period of time. Moreover, we are subject to audit by state and foreign regulatory authorities with regard to our escheatment practices.\nDebt Collection and Credit Reporting Laws\nPortions of our business may be subject to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (\"FDCPA\"), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (\"FCRA\") and similar state laws. These debt collection laws are designed to eliminate abusive, deceptive and unfair debt collection practices and may require licensing at the state level. The FCRA regulates the use and reporting of consumer credit information and also imposes disclosure requirements on entities that take adverse action based on information obtained from credit reporting agencies.\nTelephone Consumer Protection Act\nWe are subject to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (\"TCPA\") and various state laws to the extent we place telephone calls and short message service (\"SMS\") messages to customers and consumers. The TCPA regulates certain telephone calls and SMS messages placed using automatic telephone dialing systems or artificial or prerecorded voices.\nESG and Sustainability\nCertain governments around the world are adopting laws and regulations pertaining to ESG performance, transparency and reporting. Regulations may include mandated corporate reporting on ESG overall or in individual areas such as mandated reporting on climate-related financial disclosures.\nOther\nIn addition, there are other laws, rules and or regulations, including the Telemarketing Sales Act, that may directly affect us or the activities of our merchant customers and in some cases may subject us to investigations, fees, fines and disgorgement of funds in the event we are deemed to have aided and abetted or otherwise provided the means and instrumentalities to facilitate the illegal activities of the merchant through our payment processing services.\n14\nTable of Contents\nWhere to Find More Information\nWe file annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (\"SEC\"). You may read and print materials that we have filed with the SEC from its website at\n www.sec.gov\n. In addition, certain of our SEC filings, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to them can be viewed and printed, free of charge, from the investor relations section of our website at \nwww.globalpaymentsinc.com \nas soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Certain materials relating to our corporate governance, including our codes of ethics applicable to our directors, senior financial officers and other employees, and our Global Responsibility Report (which is not incorporated herein) are also available in the investor relations section of our website. Copies of our filings, specified exhibits and corporate governance materials are also available, free of charge, by writing us using the address on the cover of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You may also telephone our investor relations office directly at (770) 829-8478. We are not including the information on our website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\n15\nTable of Contents", "item1a": ">ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS\nAn investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following risks and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings before you decide whether to buy our common stock. The risks identified below are not all encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of our future operations. If any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could suffer significantly. As a result, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock.\nRisks Related to Our Business Model and Operations Including the Use of Technology\nOur ability to protect our systems and data from continually evolving cybersecurity risks or other technological risks could affect our reputation among our customers and cardholders, adversely affect our continued card network registration or membership and financial institution sponsorship, and expose us to penalties, fines, liabilities and legal claims.\nIn order to provide our services, we process and store sensitive business and personal information, which may include credit and debit card numbers, bank account numbers, social security numbers, driver\u2019s license numbers, names and addresses, and other types of personal information or sensitive business information. Some of this information is also processed and stored by financial institutions, merchants and other entities, as well as third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions and other agents, which we refer to collectively as our associated third parties. We may have responsibility to the card networks, financial institutions, and in some instances, our merchants, ISOs and/or individuals, for our failure or the failure of our associated third parties (as applicable) to protect this information. \nWe are a regular target of malicious third-party attempts to identify and exploit system vulnerabilities, and/or penetrate or bypass our security measures, in order to gain unauthorized access to our networks and systems or those of our associated third parties. Such access could lead to the compromise of sensitive, business, personal or confidential information. As a result, we follow a defense-in-depth model for cybersecurity, meaning we proactively seek to employ multiple methods at different layers to defend our systems against intrusion and attack and to protect the data we collect. However, we cannot be certain that these measures will be successful or will be sufficient to counter all current and emerging technology threats.\nOur computer systems and/or our associated third parties\u2019 computer systems could be subject to penetration, and our data protection measures may not prevent unauthorized access. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and are often difficult to detect and continually evolve and become more sophisticated. Threats to our systems and our associated third parties\u2019 systems can derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, including state-sponsored organizations with significant financial and technological resources. Computer viruses and other malware can be distributed and could infiltrate our systems or those of our associated third parties. In addition, denial of service, ransomware or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or create a diversion for other malicious activities. Our defensive measures may not prevent downtime, unauthorized access or use of sensitive data. While we maintain first- and third-party insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. Companies we acquire may require post-closing implementation of additional cyber defense methods to align with our standards and, as a result, there may be a period of increased risk between the closing of an acquisition and the completion of such implementation. Further, certain of our third-party relationships are subject to our vendor management program and governed by written contracts; however, we do not control the actions of our associated third parties, and any problems experienced by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in the services provided by such parties or cyberattacks and security breaches, could adversely affect our ability to service our customers or otherwise conduct our business.\nIn addition, we cannot provide assurance that the contractual requirements related to use, security and privacy that we impose on our associated third parties who have access to this data will be followed or will be adequate to prevent the misuse of this data. Any misuse or compromise of personal information or failure to adequately enforce these contractual requirements could result in liability, protracted and costly litigation and, with respect to misuse of personal information of our customers, lost revenue and reputational harm.\nAny type of security breach, attack or misuse of data described above or otherwise, whether experienced by us or an associated third party, could harm our reputation and deter existing and prospective customers from using our services or from making digital payments generally, increase our operating expenses in order to contain and remediate the incident, expose us to unanticipated or uninsured liability, disrupt our operations (including potential service interruptions), distract our management, increase our risk of litigation or regulatory scrutiny, result in the imposition of penalties and fines under state, federal and foreign laws or by the card networks, and adversely affect our continued card network registration or membership and financial \n16\nTable of Contents\ninstitution sponsorship. Our removal from networks' lists of Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard compliant service providers could mean that existing customers, sales partners or other third parties may cease using or referring our services. Also, prospective merchant customers, financial institutions, sales partners or other third parties may choose to terminate negotiations with us, or delay or choose not to consider us for their processing needs. In addition, the card networks could refuse to allow us to process through their networks.\nWe may experience software defects, undetected errors, and development delays, which could damage customer relations, decrease our potential profitability and expose us to liability.\nOur services are based on software and computing systems that often encounter development delays, and the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses or defects. Defects in our software services and errors or delays in our processing of digital transactions could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential customers, harm to our reputation and exposure to liability claims. In addition, we rely on technologies and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, viruses or defects that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. \nOur systems or our third-party providers' systems may fail, which could interrupt our service, cause us to lose business, increase our costs and expose us to liability.\nWe depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer systems, software, data centers and telecommunications networks, as well as the systems and services of third parties. A system outage or data loss could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Not only could we suffer damage to our reputation in the event of a system outage or data loss, but we may also be liable to third parties. Many of our contractual agreements with financial institutions and certain other customers require the payment of penalties if we do not meet certain operating standards. Our systems and operations or those of our third-party providers could be exposed to damage or interruption from, among other things, fire, climate-related events, including extreme weather events, natural disasters, pandemics, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist acts, war, unauthorized entry, human error, and computer viruses or other defects.\n \nDefects in our systems or those of third parties, errors or delays in the processing of payment transactions, telecommunications failures, or other difficulties (including those related to system relocation) could result in loss of revenues, loss of customers, loss of merchant and cardholder data, harm to our business or reputation, exposure to fraud losses or other liabilities, negative publicity, additional operating and development costs, fines and other sanctions imposed by card networks, and/or diversion of technical and other resources. There is also a risk that third-party suppliers of hardware and infrastructure required to support our employee productivity or our vendors could be affected by supply chain disruptions, such as manufacturing and shipping delays. An extended supply chain disruption could also affect the delivery of our services.\nThe payments technology industry is highly competitive and highly innovative, and some of our competitors have greater financial and operational resources than we do, which may give them an advantage with respect to the pricing of services offered to customers and the ability to develop new and disruptive technologies.\nWe operate in the payments technology industry, which is highly competitive and highly innovative. In this industry, our primary competitors include other independent payment processors, credit card processing firms, third-party card processing software institutions, as well as financial institutions, ISOs, prepaid programs managers and, potentially, card networks. Some of our current and potential competitors may be larger than we are and have greater financial and operational resources or brand recognition than we have. Our competitors that are financial institutions or subsidiaries of financial institutions do not incur the costs associated with being sponsored by a direct member for participation in the card networks, as we do in certain jurisdictions, and may be able to settle transactions more quickly for merchants than we can. These financial institutions may also provide payment processing services to merchants at a loss in order to generate banking fees from the merchants. It is also possible that larger financial institutions, including some who are customers of ours, could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. These attributes may provide them with a competitive advantage in the market.\nFurthermore, we are facing increasing competition from nontraditional competitors, including new entrant technology companies, who offer certain innovations in payment methods. Some of these competitors utilize proprietary software and service solutions. Some of these nontraditional competitors have significant financial resources and robust networks and are highly regarded by consumers. In addition, some nontraditional competitors, such as private companies or startup companies, may be less risk averse than we are and, therefore, may be able to respond more quickly to market demands. These competitors may compete in ways that minimize or remove the role of traditional card networks, acquirers, issuers and processors in the digital payments process. If these nontraditional competitors gain a greater share of total digital payments transactions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.\n17\nTable of Contents\nAdditionally, the market for prepaid cards, demand deposit accounts and alternative financial services is similarly highly competitive, and competition is increasing as more companies endeavor to address the needs of underbanked consumers. We anticipate increased competition from alternative financial services providers who are often well positioned to service the underbanked and who may wish to develop their own prepaid card or demand deposit account programs. We also face strong price competition. To stay competitive, we may have to increase the incentives that we offer to our distributors and reduce the prices of our services, which could adversely affect our financial position, operating results and cash flows.\nIn order to remain competitive and to continue to increase our revenues and earnings, we must continually and quickly update our services, a process that could result in higher costs and the loss of revenues, earnings and customers if the new services do not perform as intended or are not accepted in the marketplace.\nThe payments technology industry in which we compete is characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs. In order to remain competitive, we are continually involved in a number of projects, including the development of new platforms, mobile payment applications, ecommerce services and other new offerings emerging in the payments technology industry. These projects carry the risks associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems. In the payments technology markets, these risks are even more acute. Any delay in the delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services could render our services less desirable to customers, or possibly even obsolete. Furthermore, as the market for alternative payment processing services evolves, it may develop too rapidly or not rapidly enough for us to recover the costs we have incurred in developing new services targeted at this market.\nIn addition, certain of the services we deliver to the payments technology market are designed to process very complex transactions and deliver reports and other information on those transactions, all at very high volumes and processing speeds. Any failure to deliver an effective and secure product or any performance issue that arises with a new product or service could result in significant processing or reporting errors or other losses. We rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. As a result of these factors, our development efforts could result in higher costs that could reduce our earnings in addition to a loss of revenues and earnings if promised new services are not delivered timely to our customers or do not perform as anticipated. \nOur revenues from the sale of services to merchants that accept Visa and Mastercard are dependent upon our continued Visa and Mastercard registrations, financial institution sponsorship and, in some cases, continued membership in certain card networks.\n\u00a0\nIn order to provide our Visa and Mastercard transaction processing services, we must be either a direct member or be registered as a merchant processor or service provider of Visa and Mastercard, respectively. Registration as a merchant processor or service provider is dependent upon our being sponsored by Members of each organization in certain jurisdictions. If our sponsor financial institution in any market should stop providing sponsorship for us, we would need to find another financial institution to provide those services or we would need to attain direct membership with the card networks, either of which could prove to be difficult and expensive. If we are unable to find a replacement financial institution to provide sponsorship or attain direct membership, we may no longer be able to provide processing services to affected customers and potential customers in that market, which would negatively affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows. Furthermore, some agreements with our financial institution sponsors give them substantial discretion in approving certain aspects of our business practices, including our solicitation, application and qualification procedures for merchants and the terms of our agreements with merchants. Our sponsors' discretionary actions under these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In connection with direct membership, the rules and regulations of various card associations and networks prescribe certain capital requirements. Any increase in the capital level required would limit our use of capital for other purposes.\nThe termination of our registration, or any changes in the Visa or Mastercard rules that would impair our registration, could require us to stop providing Visa and Mastercard payment processing services, which would make it impossible for us to conduct our business on its current scale. The rules of the card networks may be influenced by card issuers, and some of those issuers also provide acquiring services and are our competitors or our customers in both the Merchant Solutions and Issuer Solutions segments. If we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the card networks, the card networks could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations or membership. The termination of our registrations or our membership or our status as a service provider or a merchant processor, or any changes in card association or other network rules or standards, including interpretation and implementation of the rules or standards, that increase the cost of doing business or limit our ability to provide transaction processing services to our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If a merchant or an ISO customer fails to comply with the applicable \n18\nTable of Contents\nrequirements of the card associations and networks, we or the merchant or ISO could be subject to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card associations or networks. If we cannot collect or pursue collection of such amounts from the applicable merchant or ISO, we may have to bear the cost of such fines or penalties, resulting in lower earnings for us.\nOur Business and Consumer Solutions segment relies on certain relationships with issuing banks, distributors, marketers and brand partners. The loss of such relationships, or if we are unable to maintain such relationships on terms that are favorable to us, may materially adversely affect our business, financial position, operating results and cash flows. \nOur Business and Consumer Solutions segment relies on arrangements that we have with issuing banks to provide us with critical products and services, including the FDIC-insured depository accounts tied to the cards and accounts we manage, access to the ATM networks, membership in the card associations and network organizations and other banking services. The majority of our active Business and Consumer Solutions cards and accounts are issued or opened through Meta Payment Systems (\"MetaBank\"). If any material adverse event were to affect MetaBank's or another of our critical issuing banks, or we were to lose MetaBank or another critical bank, or MetaBank or another critical bank grew to a size such that it was no longer able to avail itself of certain regulatory exemptions for small banks, we may be forced to find an alternative provider for these critical banking services. It may not be possible to find a replacement bank on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. Any change in the issuing banks could disrupt the business or result in arrangements with new banks that are less favorable to us than those we have with our existing issuing banks, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, operating results and cash flows. \nFurthermore, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment depends in large part on establishing agreements with distributors, marketers and brand partners, primarily alternative financial services providers, as well as grocery and convenience stores and other traditional retailers. Some of these companies may endeavor to internally develop their own programs or enter into exclusive relationships with our competitors to distribute or market their products. The loss of, or a substantial decrease in revenues from, one or more of our top distributors, marketers or brand partners could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, operating results and cash flows. \nWe rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If we are unable to maintain clearing services with these financial institutions and are unable to find a replacement, our business may be adversely affected.\nWe rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If such financial institutions should stop providing clearing services, we would have to find other financial institutions to provide those services. If we were unable to find a replacement financial institution we may no longer be able to provide processing services to certain customers, which could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.\nIncreased merchant, referral partner or ISO attrition could cause our financial results to decline.\nWe experience attrition in merchant credit and debit card processing volume resulting from several factors, including business closures, transfers of merchant accounts to our competitors, unsuccessful contract renewal negotiations and account closures that we initiate for various reasons, such as heightened credit risks or contract breaches by merchants. Our referral partners are a significant source of new business. If a referral partner or an ISO switches to another transaction processor, terminates our services, internalizes payment processing functions that we perform, merges with or is acquired by one of our competitors, or shuts down or becomes insolvent, we may no longer receive new merchant referrals from such referral partner, and we risk losing existing merchants that were originally enrolled by the referral partner or ISO. We cannot predict the level of attrition in the future and it could increase. Higher than expected attrition could negatively affect our results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.\nOur future growth depends in part on the continued expansion within markets in which we already operate, the emergence of new markets, and the continued availability of alliance relationships and strategic acquisition opportunities.\nOur future growth and profitability depend upon our continued expansion within the markets in which we currently operate, the further expansion of these markets, the emergence of other markets for payment technology and software solutions and our ability to penetrate these markets. As part of our strategy to achieve this expansion, we look for acquisition opportunities, investments and alliance relationships with other businesses that will allow us to increase our market penetration, technological capabilities, product offerings and distribution capabilities. We may not be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition, investment and alliance candidates in the future, and if we do, they may not provide us with the value and benefits we anticipate.\n19\nTable of Contents\nOur expansion into new markets is also dependent upon our ability to apply our existing technology or to develop new applications to meet the particular service needs of each new market. We may not have adequate financial or technological resources to develop effective and secure services and distribution channels that will satisfy the demands of these new markets. If we fail to expand into new and existing markets for payment technology and software solutions, we may not be able to continue to grow our revenues and earnings.\nOur ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, government actions in light of the pandemic, trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments. For example, a number of countries, including the U.S. and countries in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, are considering or have adopted restrictions on foreign investments. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, and such restrictions could negatively affect our business and financial results.\nFurther, our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage our expanded business, which could pose substantial challenges for our management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated costs and complexity. We may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of increasing the size of our business.\n\u00a0\nThere may be a decline in the use of cards and other digital payments as a payment mechanism for consumers or other adverse developments with respect to the card industry in general.\nWhile the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the digitization in payments, if consumers do not continue to use credit, debit or GPR prepaid debit cards or other digital payment methods of the type we process as a payment mechanism for their transactions or if there is a change in the mix of payments between cash, checks, credit cards and debit or GPR prepaid debit cards, which is adverse to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Consumer credit risk may make it more difficult or expensive for consumers to gain access to credit facilities such as credit cards. Regulatory changes may result in financial institutions seeking to charge their customers additional fees for use of credit or debit cards. Such fees may result in decreased use of credit or debit cards by cardholders. In each case, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. \nConsolidation among financial institutions or among retail customers, including the merger of our customers with entities that are not our customers or the sale of portfolios by our customers to entities that are not our customers, could materially affect our financial position, results of operation and cash flows.\nConsolidation among financial institutions, particularly in the area of credit card operations, and consolidation in the retail industry, is a risk that could negatively affect our existing agreements and future revenues with these customers. In addition, consolidation among financial institutions has led to an increasingly concentrated customer base, which results in a changing mix toward larger customers. Continued consolidation among financial institutions could increase the bargaining power of our current and future customers and further increase our customer concentration. Consolidation among financial institutions and retail customers and the resulting loss of any significant number of customers by us could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.\nIf we do not renew or renegotiate our agreements on favorable terms with our customers within the Issuer Solutions segment, our business will suffer. The timing of the conversions or deconversions of card portfolios may also affect our revenues and expenses.\nA significant amount of our Issuer Solutions segment revenues is derived from long-term contracts with large financial institutions and other financial service providers. The financial position of these customers and their willingness to pay for our services are affected by general market positions, competitive pressures and operating margins within their industries.\u00a0When our long-term contracts near expiration, the renewal or renegotiation of the contract presents our customers with the opportunity to consider other providers, transition all or a portion of the services we provide in-house or seek lower rates for our services. Additionally, as we modernize the technology platform we use to deliver services, some Issuer Solutions customers may not be agreeable to our modernization effort, and may choose to end their contracts prematurely, or not renew their contracts, as a result. The loss of our contracts with existing customers or renegotiation of contracts at reduced rates or reduced service levels could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.\u00a0\nIn addition, the timing of the conversion of card portfolios of new payment processing customers to our processing systems and the deconversion of existing customers to other systems affects our revenues and expenses. Due to a variety of \n20\nTable of Contents\nfactors, conversions and deconversions may not occur as scheduled and this may have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.\nWe incur chargeback losses when our merchants refuse or cannot reimburse us for chargebacks resolved in favor of their customers. Any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.\nIn the event a dispute between a cardholder and a merchant is not resolved in favor of the merchant, the transaction is normally charged back to the merchant and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. If we are unable to collect such amounts from the merchant's account or reserve account (if applicable), or if the merchant refuses or is unable, due to closure, bankruptcy or other reasons, to reimburse us for a chargeback, we bear the loss for the amount of the refund paid to the cardholder. The risk of chargebacks is typically greater with those merchants that promise future delivery of goods and services rather than delivering goods or rendering services at the time of payment. We may experience significant losses from chargebacks in the future. Any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have policies to manage merchant-related credit risk and often mitigate such risk by requiring collateral and monitoring transaction activity. Notwithstanding our programs and policies for managing credit risk, it is possible that a default on such obligations by one or more of our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business.\nFraud by merchants, prepaid cardholders or others and losses from overdrawn cardholder accounts could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.\nWe have potential liability for fraudulent digital payment transactions or credits initiated by merchants or others, and our prepaid card programs expose us to threats involving the misuse of cards, collusion, fraud and identity theft. Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting and fraud. Failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud could increase our chargeback losses or cause us to incur other liabilities. It is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. Increases in chargebacks or other liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. \nAdditionally, the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as macroeconomic conditions such as rising inflation and increased costs for labor and supplies, has negatively affected or may continue to affect the financial viability and operations of certain merchants. These consolidated financial statements reflect management\u2019s estimates and assumptions related to allowances for transaction and credit losses utilizing the most currently available information. The future magnitude, duration and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are difficult to predict at this time, and the ultimate effect could result in additional charges related to the recoverability of assets. Actual losses could differ materially from those estimates.\nIncreases in card network fees may result in the loss of customers and/or a reduction in our earnings.\n\u00a0\nFrom time-to-time, the card networks, including Visa and Mastercard, increase the fees that they charge processors. We could attempt to pass these increases along to our merchant customers, but this strategy might result in the loss of customers to our competitors who may not pass along the increases, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. If competitive practices prevent us from passing along the higher fees to our merchant customers in the future, we may have to absorb all or a portion of such increases, thereby reducing our earnings. \nThe integration and conversion of our acquired operations or other future acquisitions, if any, could result in increased operating costs if the anticipated synergies of operating these businesses as one are not achieved, a loss of strategic opportunities if management is distracted by the integration process, and a loss of customers if our service levels drop during or following the integration process.\nThe acquisition, integration, and conversion of businesses and the formation or operation of alliances or joint ventures and other partnering arrangements involve a number of risks. Core risks are in the area of valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on sometimes limited diligence) and integration and conversion (managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company's people, services, information security and technology and other assets to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition). In addition, international acquisitions and alliances often involve additional or increased risks, including, for example: managing geographically separated organizations, systems, and facilities; integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; complying with foreign regulatory requirements; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of those new markets; and general economic and political conditions.\n21\nTable of Contents\nIf the integration and conversion process does not proceed smoothly, the following factors, among others, could reduce our revenues and earnings, increase our operating costs, and result in us not achieving projected synergies:\n\u2022\nIf we are unable to successfully integrate the benefits plans, duties and responsibilities, and other factors of interest to the management and employees of the acquired business, we could lose employees to our competitors in the region, which could significantly affect our ability to operate the business and complete the integration;\n\u2022\nIf the integration process causes any delays with the delivery of our services, or the quality of those services, we could lose customers to our competitors; \n\u2022\nThe acquisition may otherwise cause disruption to the acquired company\u2019s business and operations and relationships with financial institution sponsors, customers, merchants, employees and other partners;\n\u2022\nThe acquisition and the related integration could divert the attention of our management from other strategic matters including possible acquisitions and alliances and planning for new product development or expansion into new markets for payments technology and software solutions; and\n\u2022\nThe costs related to the integration of the acquired company\u2019s business and operations into ours may be greater than anticipated.\nLegal, Regulatory Compliance and Tax Risks\nOur business is subject to government regulation and oversight. Any new implementation of or changes made to laws, regulations or other industry standards affecting our business in any of the geographic regions in which we operate may require significant development efforts or have an unfavorable effect on our financial results and our cash flows. \nAs a payments technology company, our business is affected by laws and complex regulations and examinations that affect us and our industry in the countries in which we operate. Regulation and proposed regulation of the payments industry has increased significantly in recent years. Failure to comply with regulations or guidelines may result in the suspension or revocation of a license or registration, the limitation, suspension or termination of service, and the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines, or may cause customers or potential customers to be reluctant to do business with us, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. \nInterchange fees are subject to intense legal, regulatory and legislative scrutiny worldwide. For instance, the Dodd-Frank Act restricts the amounts of debit card fees that certain issuing institutions can charge merchants and allows merchants to set minimum amounts for the acceptance of credit cards and to offer discounts for different payment methods. These types of restrictions could negatively affect the number of debit transactions, which would adversely affect our business. The Dodd-Frank Act also created the CFPB, which has assumed responsibility for enforcing federal consumer protection laws, and the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which has the authority to determine whether any nonbank financial company, such as us, should be supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve on the ground that it is \"systemically important\" to the U.S. financial system. Any such designation would result in increased regulatory burdens on our business, which increases our risk profile and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.\nBecause we directly or indirectly offer or provide financial services or products to consumers, we are subject to prohibitions against unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices under the Dodd-Frank Act. More generally, all persons engaged in commerce, including, but not limited to, us and our merchant and financial institution customers, are subject to Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission (\"FTC\") Act prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices (\"UDAP\"). \nWe also have businesses that are subject to credit reporting and debt collection laws and regulations in the U.S. \nVarious federal and state regulatory enforcement agencies, including the FTC, the CFPB and the states\u2019 attorneys general, have the authority to take action against nonbanks that engage in UDAP or violate other laws, rules or regulations and, to the extent we are in violation of these laws, rules or regulations or processing payments for a merchant that may be in violation of these laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions and as a result may incur losses and liabilities.\nCertain of our subsidiaries are subject to, among others, privacy, anti-money laundering and debt collection regulations. \nIn addition, we and our sponsor financial institutions are subject to the laws and regulations enforced by OFAC, which prohibit \n22\nTable of Contents\nU.S. persons from engaging in transactions with certain prohibited persons or entities. Similar requirements apply in other countries.\nWe are also subject to examination by the FFIEC as a result of our provision of data processing services to financial institutions. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data privacy practices or operations model, which could result in potential liability for fines, damages or a need to incur substantial costs to modify our operations. Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and time consuming, adding a layer of complexity to business practices and innovation.\u00a0As with other regulatory schemes, our failure to comply could result in public or private enforcement action and accompanying litigation costs, losses, fines and penalties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.\nWith respect to our Business and Consumer Solutions segment, because each distributor offers prepaid cards, reload services and/or money remittance services as an agent of Business and Consumer Solutions, or another third party, we do not believe that the distributors themselves are required to become licensed as money transmitters in order to engage in such activity. However, there is a risk that a federal or state regulator will take a contrary position and initiate enforcement or other proceedings against a distributor, us, our issuing banks or our other service providers. If we are unsuccessful in making a persuasive argument that a distributor should not be subject to such licensing requirements and it is therefore deemed to be in violation of one or more of the state money transmitter statutes, it could result in the imposition of fines, the suspension of the distributor\u2019s ability to offer some or all of our related services in the relevant jurisdiction, civil liability and criminal liability, each of which could negatively affect our financial position and results of operations. Furthermore, if the federal government or one or more state governments impose additional legislative or regulatory requirements on our Business and Consumer Solutions segment, the issuing banks or the distributors, or prohibit or limit the activities of our Business and Consumer Solutions segment as currently conducted, we may be required to modify or terminate some or all of our Business and Consumer Solutions services offered in the relevant jurisdiction or certain of the issuing banks may terminate their relationship with us. Moreover, as a number of our Business and Consumer Solutions distributors are engaged in offering payday, title and/or installment loans, current and future legislative and regulatory restrictions that negatively affect their ability to continue their operations could have a corresponding negative effect on our revenue and earnings from these relationships, potentially resulting in a significant decline in revenue from the Business and Consumer Solutions segment.\nChanges to legal rules and regulations, or interpretation or enforcement thereof, even if not directed at us, may require significant efforts to change our systems and services and may require changes to how we price our services to customers, adversely affecting our business. Even an inadvertent failure to comply with laws and regulations, as well as rapidly evolving social expectations of corporate fairness, could damage our business or our reputation. If varying or conflicting regulations come into existence across the jurisdictions in which we operate, we may have difficulty aligning our operations to comply with all applicable laws.\nNew or revised tax regulations, unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or changes to enacted tax rates could adversely affect our tax expense. \nChanges in tax laws or their interpretations could result in changes to enacted tax rates and may require complex computations to be performed that were not previously required, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the new or revised tax regulations and significant estimates in calculations, as well as the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. Future changes in enacted tax rates could negatively affect our results of operations.  \nOur tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. An unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, thereby negatively affecting our results of operations and cash flows. We have recognized estimated liabilities on the balance sheet for material known tax exposures relating to deductions, transactions and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the proper tax treatment of the item. These liabilities reflect what we believe to be reasonable assumptions as to the likely final resolution of each issue if raised by a taxing authority. While we believe that the liabilities are adequate to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there can be no assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be finally resolved at a financial amount no more than any related liability. An unfavorable resolution, therefore, could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the current and/or future periods.\nOur risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk.\nWe operate in a rapidly changing industry. Accordingly, our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective to identify, monitor and manage our risks. If our policies and procedures are not fully effective or if we are not always \n23\nTable of Contents\nsuccessful in identifying and mitigating all risks to which we are or may be exposed, we may suffer uninsured liability, harm to our reputation or be subject to litigation or regulatory actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. \nFinancial Risks\nWe are subject to risks associated with changes in interest rates or currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and we may not effectively hedge against these risks.\nA portion of our indebtedness bears interest at a variable rate, and we may incur additional variable-rate indebtedness in the future. Increases in interest rates will reduce our operating cash flows and could hinder our ability to fund our operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases or dividends. \nWe are also subject to risks related to the changes in currency exchange rates as a result of our investments in foreign operations and from revenues generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Revenues and profit generated by international operations will increase or decrease compared to prior periods as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. Volatility in currency exchange rates has affected and may continue to affect our financial results.\nIn certain of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we may become subject to exchange control regulations that might restrict or prohibit the conversion of our foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or limit our ability to freely move currency in or out of particular jurisdictions. The occurrence of any of these factors could decrease the value of revenues we receive from our international operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.\nWe may seek to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or currency exchange rates through the use of hedging arrangements. To the extent that we hedge our interest rate or currency exchange rate exposures, we forgo the benefits we would otherwise experience if interest rates or currency exchange rates were to change in our favor. Developing an effective strategy for dealing with movements in interest rates and currency exchange rates is complex, and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with such fluctuations. In addition, a counterparty to the arrangement could default on its obligation, thereby exposing us to credit risk. We may have to repay certain costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate these arrangements.\nA downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets and increase our interest costs.\nWe currently maintain investment credit ratings with nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. Unfavorable changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately negatively affect our access to the debt capital markets and increase the costs we incur to borrow funds. If ratings for our debt\u00a0fall below investment grade, our access to the\u00a0capital markets could become restricted and our relationships with certain customers of our Issuer Solutions segment could also be affected. Future tightening in the credit markets and a reduced level of liquidity in many financial markets due to turmoil in the financial and banking industries could affect our access to the debt capital markets or the price we pay to issue debt.\u00a0Additionally, our credit facilities include an increase in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded.\u00a0\nThe transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (\"LIBOR\") benchmark interest rate and the adoption of alternative benchmark reference rates could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.\nA portion of our indebtedness bears interest at a variable rate based on LIBOR. Furthermore, we have entered into hedging instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the LIBOR benchmark interest rate. Effective January 1, 2022, the publication of LIBOR on a representative basis ceased for the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings and all sterling, yen, euros, and swiss franc LIBOR settings. All other remaining USD LIBOR settings will cease July 1, 2023. \nAs described in \"Note 1\n\u2014\nBasis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, to facilitate an orderly transition from LIBOR to alternative benchmark rates, the Company established an initiative led by internal subject matter experts to assess and mitigate risks associated with the discontinuance of LIBOR. In connection with the sunset of certain LIBOR reference rates occurring at the end of 2021, we amended the Unsecured Revolving Credit Agreement in December 2021 to replace LIBOR as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration with the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate for \n24\nTable of Contents\nany extension of credit denominated in sterling or euros, respectively. We continue to monitor developments related to the upcoming transition from USD LIBOR to an alternative benchmark reference rate after June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee has proposed the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (\"SOFR\") as its recommended alternative to USD LIBOR, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York began publishing SOFR rates in April 2018. At this time, the effects of the phase out of USD LIBOR and the adoption of alternative benchmark rates have not been fully determined. A failure to properly transition away from USD LIBOR could adversely affect the Company\u2019s borrowing costs or expose the Company to various financial, operational and regulatory risks, which could affect the Company\u2019s results of operations and cash flows.\nFailure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business.\n\u00a0\nSection 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to evaluate annually the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each year and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including, but not limited to, preventing unauthorized access to our systems, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting.\u00a0Furthermore, this assessment may be complicated by any acquisitions we have completed or may complete.\nIn certain markets, including, without limitation, China and Spain, our member sponsors\u00a0perform payment processing operations and related support services pursuant to\u00a0services agreements. We expect that the member sponsors\u00a0will continue to provide these services until such time as we may integrate these functions into our operations.\u00a0Accordingly, we rely on our member sponsors to provide financial data, such as amounts billed to merchants, to assist us with compiling our accounting records.\u00a0As such, our internal control over financial reporting could be materially affected, or is reasonably likely to be materially affected, by the internal control and procedures of our member sponsors in these markets.\u00a0\nWhile we continue to dedicate resources and management time to ensuring that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on the market's perception of our business and on our stock price.\nIntellectual Property Risks\nWe may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims.\nIn our rapidly developing legal framework, we rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary technology. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property or may develop software or technology that competes with ours. Our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our services or design around our intellectual property rights. We may have to litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which is expensive and could cause a diversion of resources and may not prove to be successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce intellectual property protection could harm our business and ability to compete.\nWe may also be subject to costly litigation in the event our services and technology infringe upon another party\u2019s proprietary rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents that could be infringed by our services or technology. Any of these third parties could make a claim of infringement against us with respect to our services or technology. We may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark or license usage rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could subject us to significant liability for damages. An adverse determination in any litigation of this type could limit our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims and require us to design around a third party\u2019s patent, which may not be possible, or to license alternative technology from another party, which may be costly. In addition, such litigation is often time consuming and expensive to defend and could result in the diversion of the time and attention of our employees.\nRisks Related to Our Capital Structure\nOur substantial indebtedness could adversely affect us and limit our business flexibility.\nWe have a significant amount of indebtedness and may incur other debt in the future. Our level of debt and the covenants to which we agreed could have negative consequences on us, including, among other things, (1) requiring us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow from operations to servicing and repayment of the debt; (2) limiting funds available for strategic \n25\nTable of Contents\ninitiatives and opportunities, working capital and other general corporate needs, and (3) limiting our ability to incur certain kinds or amounts of additional indebtedness, which could restrict our flexibility to react to changes in our business, our industry and economic conditions. \nWe may not be able to raise additional funds to finance our future capital needs.\nWe may need to raise additional funds to finance our future capital needs, including developing new products and technologies or to fund future acquisitions or operating needs. If we raise additional funds through the sale of equity securities, these transactions may dilute the value of our outstanding common stock. We may also decide to issue securities, including debt securities that have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock. We may be unable to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us or at all. If financing is not available or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our future needs. This may prevent us from increasing our market share, capitalizing on new business opportunities or remaining competitive in our industry.\nOur balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets. The impairment of a portion of these assets could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \nAs a result of our acquisitions, a significant portion of our total assets are intangible assets (including goodwill). Goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization, together accounted for approximately 80% of our total assets as of\u00a0December\u00a031, 2021. We expect to engage in additional acquisitions, which may result in our recognition of additional intangible assets, including goodwill. We evaluate on a regular basis whether all or a portion of our goodwill and other intangible assets may be impaired. Under current accounting rules, any determination that impairment has occurred would require us to record an impairment charge, which would negatively affect our earnings. An impairment of a portion of our goodwill or other intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. \nWe may not be able to, or we may decide not to, pay dividends or repurchase shares at a level anticipated by our shareholders, which could reduce shareholder returns.\n\u00a0\nThe extent to which we pay dividends on our common stock and repurchase our common stock in the future is at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. No assurance can be given that we will be able to or will choose to continue to pay any dividends or repurchase any shares in the foreseeable future.\nRisks related to the COVID-19 pandemic\nOur business has been and will likely continue to be negatively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.\nThe COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect global commercial activity and has contributed to significant volatility in the financial markets. Since early 2020, our financial results were affected by decreased spending and transaction volumes, due to closures of or slowdowns of certain of our customer businesses throughout North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. While we have seen and continue to see signs of economic recovery, which has positively affected our financial results in 2021 compared to the prior year, the rate of recovery on a global basis has been and may continue to be affected by additional developments related to COVID-19.\nWe have experienced and may continue to experience adverse effects due to a number of operational factors, including but not limited to:\n\u2022\nThird-party disruptions due to COVID-19, including potential outages and service effects at network providers, call centers and other suppliers due to restrictions or closures imposed in relation to the pandemic;\n\u2022\nIncreased cyber and payment fraud risk related to COVID-19, as malicious third parties attempt to profit from the disruption, given increased online banking, e-commerce, remote work and other online activity;\n\u2022\nChallenges to the availability and reliability of our solutions and services due to changes to operations, including the possibility of one or more clusters of COVID-19 cases occurring at our facilities, affecting key employees or a significant portion of our workforce or third parties on which we depend, or global supply chain disruptions;\n26\nTable of Contents\n\u2022\nIncreased operational, business continuity and cybersecurity risk resulting from a number of our employees working remotely as a result of the pandemic; and \n\u2022\nWorkforce effects, such as difficulty recruiting, retaining, training, motivating and developing employees due to evolving health and safety requirements and protocols, changing worker expectations and talent marketplace variability regarding flexible work models.\nAlthough the immediate effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have been assessed, the long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict at this time. Such developments include, but are not limited to, the ultimate severity, scope and duration of the pandemic and the preventative measures implemented to help limit the spread of the illness, vaccine administration rates and efficacy, resurgence of COVID-19 cases and emergence of new more contagious or vaccine-resistant virus variants that may cause people to self-quarantine or governments to shut down nonessential businesses again and how soon and to what extent normal economic conditions, operations and demand for our services can resume. The continued COVID-19\u00a0pandemic has caused an economic slowdown in the U.S. and other markets in which we operate. It may also continue to affect financial markets and corporate credit markets which could adversely affect our access to financing or the terms of any such financing. Moreover, the global macroeconomic effects of the pandemic may persist for an indefinite period, even after the pandemic has subsided.\nIn addition, many of the other risk factors described herein are heightened by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic conditions, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, access to financing, results of operations and liquidity. \nRisks Related to General Economic Conditions\nWe are subject to economic and geopolitical risk, the business cycles and credit risk of our customers and the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. \nThe global payments technology industry depends heavily on the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. We are exposed to general economic conditions that affect consumer confidence,\n \nspending, and\n \ndiscretionary income and changes in consumer purchasing habits. A sustained deterioration in general economic conditions in the markets in which we operate, supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressure or interest rate fluctuations may adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions made using digital payments. A reduction in the amount of consumer spending could result in a decrease in our revenues and profits. If our merchants make fewer sales to consumers using digital payments or consumers using digital payments spend less per transaction, we will have fewer transactions to process or lower transaction amounts, each of which would contribute to lower revenues. Additionally, credit card issuers may reduce credit limits and become more selective in their card issuance practices.\n \nAny of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.\nA downturn in the economy could force merchants, financial institutions or other customers to close or petition for bankruptcy protection, resulting in lower revenue and earnings for us and greater exposure to potential credit losses and future transaction declines. We also have a certain amount of fixed costs, including rent, debt service, and salaries, which could limit our ability to quickly adjust costs and respond to changes in our business and the economy. Changes in economic conditions could also adversely affect our future revenues and profits and cause a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. \nCredit losses arise from the fact that, in most markets, we collect our fees from our merchants on the first day after the monthly billing period. This results in the build-up of a substantial receivable from our customers. If a merchant were to go out of business during the billing period, we may be unable to collect such fees, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.\nIn addition, our business, growth, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by instability or changes in a country\u2019s or region\u2019s economic conditions; inflation; changes in laws or regulations or in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, whether caused by a change in government or otherwise; increased difficulty of conducting business in a country or region due to actual or potential political or military conflict; or action by the United States or foreign governments that may restrict our ability to transact business in a foreign country or with certain foreign individuals or entities. A possible slowdown in global trade caused by increasing tariffs or other restrictions could decrease consumer or corporate confidence and reduce consumer, government and corporate spending in countries inside or outside the United States, \n27\nTable of Contents\nwhich could adversely affect our operations. Climate-related events, including extreme weather events and natural disasters and their effect on critical infrastructure in the U.S. or internationally, could have similar adverse effects on our operations, customers or third-party suppliers.\nFurthermore, shareholders, customers and other stakeholders have begun to consider how corporations are addressing ESG issues. Government regulators, investors, customers and the general public are increasingly focused on ESG practices and disclosures, and views about ESG are diverse and rapidly changing. These shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of the Company's common stock if investors determine that the Company has not made sufficient progress on ESG matters. We could also face potential negative ESG-related publicity in traditional media or social media if shareholders or other stakeholders determine that we have not adequately considered or addressed ESG matters. We have been the recipient of proposals from shareholders to promote their governance positions. Such proposals may not be in the long-term interests of the Company or our stockholders and may divert management\u2019s attention away from operational matters or create the impression that our practices are inadequate. Shareholders are increasingly submitting proposals related to a variety of ESG issues to public companies, and we may receive other such proposals in the future.\nThe U.K.'s withdrawal from the European Union could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.\nIn January 2020, the U.K. formally withdrew from the EU in an action commonly known as Brexit. It remains possible that the level of economic activity in this region will be adversely affected by Brexit and that there will be increased regulatory and legal complexities, including those relating to tax, trade, data transfers, security and employees. Such changes could be costly and potentially disruptive to our operations and business relationships in these markets. Economic uncertainty related to Brexit, including volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rates, could adversely affect our business. While we have not experienced significant adverse effects on our U.K. business and its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows to date, no assurance can be given regarding the potential future effects of Brexit, and our U.K. business and our financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.\nGeneral Risk Factors\nIf we lose key personnel or are unable to attract additional qualified personnel as we grow, our business could be adversely affected.\nAll of our businesses function at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory developments that requires a wide ranging set of expertise and intellectual capital. To successfully compete and grow, we must recruit, develop and retain personnel who can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of intellectual capital needs. In addition, we must develop our personnel to fulfill succession plans capable of maintaining continuity in the midst of the inevitable unpredictability of human capital. However, the market for qualified personnel is extremely competitive, and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may fail to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. We cannot be assured that key personnel, including executive officers, will continue to be employed or that we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. Failure to retain or attract key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to retain, develop or attract key personnel, to meet our goals related to fostering an inclusive and diverse culture, including increasing the proportion of our workforce in the U.S. that is composed of women and minorities, or to design and successfully implement flexible work models that meet the expectations of employees and prospective employees, could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and future success.\nThe costs and effects of pending and future litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, could materially affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.\nWe are from time-to-time involved in various litigation matters and governmental or regulatory investigations or similar matters arising out of our current or future business. Our insurance or indemnities may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. Litigation could be costly, time-consuming and divert attention of management from daily operational needs. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves in pending or future litigation or similar matters under various laws. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any pending litigation or future litigation or investigation significantly exceed our insurance coverage, such judgments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.\n28\nTable of Contents\nITEM 2 - PROPERTIES\nWe have properties located within the various global geographic markets in which we conduct business. Our properties include office space and data centers, most of which we lease. We believe that all of our properties will be suitable and adequate for our business as presently conducted. See \"Note 6\u2014Leases\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our leases.\nITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS\n \n\u00a0\nWe are party to a number of claims and lawsuits incidental to our business. In our opinion, the liabilities, if any, that may ultimately result from the outcome of such matters, individually or in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity, results of operations or cash flows. See \"Note 17\u2014Commitments and Contingencies\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information about certain legal matters.\n29\nTable of Contents\nPart II\nITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES\n\u00a0\nOur common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol \"GPN.\" As of February\u00a015, 2022, there were 12,906 shareholders of record.\nEquity Compensation Plan Information\nThe information regarding our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance is set forth in \"Item\u00a012\u2014Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters\" of this Annual Report.\n30\nTable of Contents\nStock Performance Graph\nThe following graph compares our cumulative shareholder returns with the Standard\u00a0& Poor's Information Technology Index and the Standard\u00a0& Poor's 500 Index for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017. The line graph assumes the investment of $100 in our common stock, the Standard\u00a0& Poor's (\"S&P\") 500 Index and the Standard\u00a0& Poor's Information Technology Index on December\u00a031, 2016 and assumes reinvestment of all dividends.\nCOMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*\nAmong Global Payments Inc., the S&P 500 Index\nand the S&P Information Technology Index\n*$100 invested on December 31, 2016 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends.\nFiscal year ending December 31\nCopyright\u00a9 2022 Standard & Poor's, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved.\nGlobal\nPayments\nS&P\n500 Index\nS&P\nInformation\nTechnology Index\nDecember 31, 2016\n$\n100.00\u00a0\n$\n100.00\u00a0\n$\n100.00\u00a0\nDecember 31, 2017\n144.49\u00a0\n121.83\u00a0\n138.83\u00a0\nDecember 31, 2018\n148.70\u00a0\n116.49\u00a0\n138.43\u00a0\nDecember 31, 2019\n263.58\u00a0\n153.17\u00a0\n208.05\u00a0\nDecember 31, 2020\n312.42\u00a0\n181.35\u00a0\n299.37\u00a0\nDecember 31, 2021\n197.10\u00a0\n233.41\u00a0\n402.73\u00a0\nRecent Sales of Unregistered Securities\nThere were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021.\n31\nTable of Contents\nIssuer Purchases of Equity Securities\nInformation about the shares of our common stock that we repurchased during the quarter ended December\u00a031, 2021 is set forth below: \nPeriod\nTotal Number of \nShares Purchased \n(1)\nApproximate Average Price Paid per Share\nTotal Number of \nShares Purchased as Part of \nPublicly Announced  \nPlans or Programs\nMaximum \nNumber (or \nApproximate \nDollar Value) of \nShares that May Yet Be Purchased Under \nthe Plans or \nPrograms \n(2)\n(in millions)\nOctober 1-31, 2021\n1,685\u00a0\n$\n158.63\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n\u2014\u00a0\nNovember 1-30, 2021\n3,602,123\u00a0\n129.20\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nDecember 1-31, 2021\n1,918,435\u00a0\n125.13\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal\n5,522,243\u00a0\n$\n127.80\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n$\n1,540.0\u00a0\n(1)\nOur board of directors authorized us to repurchase shares of our common stock through any combination of Rule 10b5-1 open-market repurchase plans, accelerated share repurchase plans, discretionary open-market purchases or privately negotiated transactions.\nDuring the quarter ended December\u00a031, 2021, pursuant to our employee incentive plans, we withheld 42,416 shares at an average price per share of $135.17 in order to satisfy employees' tax withholding and payment obligations in connection with the vesting of awards of restricted stock.\n(2)\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under our share repurchase program was $1,540.0 million. On January\u00a027, 2022, our board of directors approved an increase to our existing share repurchase program authorization, which raised the total available authorization to $2.0 billion. The authorizations by our board of directors do not expire, but could be revoked at any time. In addition, we are not required by any of our board's authorizations or otherwise to complete any repurchases by any specific time or at all.\nITEM 6 - [RESERVED]\n\u00a0", "item7": ">ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS \n\u00a0\nThe following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with \"Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.\" This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements about our plans and expectations of what may happen in the future. Forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated by our forward-looking statements as a result of many known and unknown factors, including but not limited to, those discussed in \"Item 1A - Risk Factors.\" See \"Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements\" located above in \"Item 1 - Business.\" \nDiscussions of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the year ended December 31, 2019 that have been omitted under this item can be found in \"Part II, Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\" in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2021. On September 18, 2019, we consummated our merger with Total System Services, Inc. (\"TSYS\") (the \"Merger\") for total purchase consideration of $24.5 billion, primarily funded with shares of our common stock. Consolidated operating results for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 each reflect a full year of the acquired operations of TSYS, while consolidated operating results for the year ended December 31, 2019 include the acquired operations of TSYS only from the acquisition date through December 31, 2019. See \"Note 2\u2014Acquisitions\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the Merger.\n\u00a0\n32\nTable of Contents\nExecutive Overview\n\u00a0\nWe are a leading payments technology company delivering innovative software and services to our customers globally.\u00a0Our technologies, services and team member expertise allow us to provide a broad range of solutions that enable our customers to operate their businesses more efficiently across a variety of channels around the world. We operate in three reportable segments: Merchant Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Business and Consumer Solutions. See \"Note 16\u2014Segment Information\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about our segments. \nWe have grown organically as well as through acquisitions. We also continue to invest in new technology solutions, infrastructure to support our growing business and the continued consolidation and enhancement of our operating platforms. These investments include new product development and innovation to further enhance and differentiate our suite of technology and cloud-based solutions available to customers, along with migration of certain underlying technology platforms to cloud environments to enhance performance and drive cost efficiencies. We also continue to execute on merger and integration activities, primarily related to the Merger, such as combining business operations, streamlining technology infrastructure, eliminating duplicative corporate and operational support structures and realizing scale efficiencies. \nHighlights related to our financial condition at December\u00a031, 2021 and results of operations for the year then ended include the following: \n\u2022\nConsolidated revenues for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased to $8,523.8 million, compared to $7,423.6 million for the prior year. The increase in consolidated revenues is primarily due to an increase in transaction volumes from continued economic recovery as COVID-19 restrictions eased and acceleration in the use of digital payment solutions.\n\u2022\nConsolidated operating income for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased to $1,358.9 million, compared to $894.0 million for the prior year. Operating margin for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased to 15.9% compared to 12.0% for the prior year. The increase in consolidated operating income and operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to the increase in revenues and favorable effects of Merger-related cost synergies.\n\u2022\nWe expanded our business through the execution of several strategic acquisitions. \n\u25e6\nOn June\u00a010, 2021, we acquired Zego, a real estate technology company that provides a comprehensive resident experience management software and digital commerce solutions to property managers, primarily in the United States, for cash consideration of approximately $933 million. This acquisition aligns with our technology-enabled, software driven strategy and expands our business into a new vertical market.\n\u25e6\nDuring the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we completed other strategic business acquisitions for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $963 million. Our acquisition of MineralTree, a leading provider of accounts payable automation and B2B payments solutions, expands our target addressable market and provides incremental avenues for growth in one of the most attractive technology markets. Our acquisitions of the Bankia merchant services business and Worldline's PayOne Austrian acquiring business deepen our presence in Europe and expand the scale of our distribution and technologies. \n\u2022\nOur capital allocation priorities were supported by the successful issuance of new senior unsecured notes. \n\u25e6\nOn November\u00a022, 2021, we issued $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.500% senior notes due November 2024; (ii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.150% senior notes due January 2027; and (iii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.900% senior notes due November 2031. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay the outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.\n\u25e6\nOn February 26, 2021, we issued $1.1\u00a0billion aggregate principal amount of 1.200% senior unsecured notes due March 2026. We used the net proceeds from the offering to fund the redemption in full of the 3.800% senior unsecured notes due April 2021, to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.\n33\nTable of Contents\nEmerging Trends\nThe payments technology industry continues to grow worldwide and as a result, certain large payment technology companies, including us, have expanded operations globally by pursuing acquisitions and creating alliances and joint ventures. We expect to continue to expand into new markets internationally and increase our scale and improve our competitiveness in existing markets by pursuing additional acquisitions and joint ventures. \nThe industry continues to grow as a result of wider merchant acceptance and increased use of credit and debit cards, advances in payment processing technology and migration to ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. The proliferation of credit and debit cards, as well as other digital payment solutions, has made the acceptance of digital payments a virtual necessity for many businesses, regardless of size, in order to remain competitive. Further, the expanding digitization of the economy and availability and access to financial services increases the demand for cards and digital payment solutions, which in turn drives growth in acceptance and transaction volumes.\nThe use of digital payment solutions, the need for development of technologies and digital-based solutions and\n \nexpansion of ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions has accelerated, in part as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that the number of digital payment transactions will continue to grow and that an increasing percentage of these will be facilitated through emerging technologies. As a result, we expect an increasing portion of our future capital investment will be allocated to support the development of new and emerging technologies, including technology modernization, innovation and integration through strategic partnerships.\nWe also believe new markets will continue to develop and expand in areas that have been previously dominated by paper-based transactions.\u00a0We expect industries such as education, government and healthcare, as well as recurring payments and B2B payments, to continue to see transactions migrate to digital-based solutions.\u00a0We anticipate that the continued development of new services and technologies, the emergence of new vertical markets and continued expansion of technology-enabled ecommerce and omnichannel solutions, including expanded scale and market reach through new innovative cloud-based capabilities and strategic partnerships, will be a factor in the growth of our business and our revenue in the future.\nFor a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our continuing operating results, see the section entitled \"Risk Factors\" in Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.\nCOVID-19 Update\nSince early 2020, the global economy has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has caused and may continue to cause significant disruptions to businesses and markets worldwide through the continued spread of the virus, including through a resurgence of COVID-19 cases or emergence of new more contagious or vaccine-resistant virus variants in certain jurisdictions. Beginning in mid-March 2020, our financial results were affected by decreased spending and transaction volumes, as governments implemented measures in an effort to contain the virus, including lockdowns, physical distancing, travel restrictions, limitations on public gatherings, work from home and restrictions on nonessential businesses. We saw improvement in our financial results during the latter half of 2020 and in 2021, driven by an increase in spending and transaction volumes as a result of an ease in restrictions and distribution of economic stimulus provided by certain governments and continued vaccine distribution. While we continue to see signs of economic recovery, which has positively affected our financial results in 2021 compared to the prior year, the rate of recovery on a global basis has been and may continue to be affected by additional developments related to COVID-19.\nAt the onset of the pandemic, we took early actions to preserve our available capital and provide financial flexibility in response to the effects of COVID-19 on our business, including the temporary reduction of certain operating expenses, employee compensation costs, other discretionary spending and planned capital expenditures, adding to the strength of our financial profile. Certain operating expenses, capital expenditures and other investments in the business have recently returned to more normalized levels. We expect to continue to make significant capital investments in the business while also continuing to manage other discretionary spending. We continue to closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic; however, the implications on future global economic conditions and related effects on our business and financial condition are difficult to predict due to continuing uncertainties around the ultimate severity, scope and duration of the pandemic, vaccine administration rates and efficacy, resurgence of COVID-19 cases and emergence of new more contagious or vaccine-resistant virus variants and the direction or extent of current or future restrictive actions that may be imposed by governments or public health authorities.\nFor a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our future operating results related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, see \u201cItem 1A \u2013 Risk Factors.\u201d\n34\nTable of Contents\nResults of Operations\nRevenues\nMerchant Solutions. \nThe majority of our Merchant Solutions segment revenues is generated by services priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction, depending on card type or industry vertical. We also earn software subscription and licensing fees, as well as other fees based on specific value-added services that may be unrelated to the number or value of transactions. These revenues depend upon a number of factors, such as demand for and price of our services, the technological competitiveness of our offerings, our reputation for providing timely and reliable service, competition within our industry and general economic conditions.\nWe provide payment technology and software solutions to customers and fund settlement either directly, in markets where we have direct membership with the payment networks, or through our relationship with a member financial institution in markets where we are sponsored. Revenues are generally recognized in the amount of customer billing, net of interchange fees and payment network fees. We market our services through a variety of relationship-led and technology-enabled distribution channels, including a direct sales force, trade associations, agent and enterprise software providers and referral arrangements with value-added resellers (\"VARs\"). We also sell services to ISOs and financial institutions. In certain of these arrangements, the ISO receives a share of the customer profitability in the form of a monthly residual payment, which is reflected as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. \nIssuer Solutions.\n Issuer Solutions segment revenues are derived from long-term processing contracts with financial institutions and other financial services providers. Payment processing services revenues are generated primarily from charges based on the number of accounts on file, transactions and authorizations processed, statements generated and/or mailed, managed services, cards embossed and mailed, and other processing services for cardholder accounts on file. Most of these contracts have prescribed annual minimums, penalties for early termination, and service level agreements that may affect contractual fees if specific service levels are not achieved. Issuer Solutions revenues also include loyalty redemption services and professional services. \nBusiness and Consumer Solutions.\n Business and Consumer Solutions segment revenues principally consist of fees\u00a0collected from cardholders\u00a0and fees generated by cardholder activity in connection with the programs that we manage. Customers are typically charged a fee for each purchase transaction made using their cards, unless the customer is on a monthly or annual service plan, in which case the customer is instead charged a monthly or annual subscription fee, as applicable. Customers are also charged a monthly maintenance fee after a specified period of inactivity. We also charge fees associated with additional services offered in connection with certain cards, including the use of overdraft features, a variety of bill payment options, card replacement, foreign exchange and card-to-card transfers of funds initiated through our call centers. Revenues are recognized net of fees charged by the payment networks for services they provide in processing transactions routed through them. Additionally, revenues include fees from B2B payment services and software-as-a-service (\u201cSaaS\u201d) offerings that automate key procurement processes and enable virtual cards and integrated payments options. We have recently commenced a strategic evaluation of the consumer portion of this segment with the intent to focus on our growing B2B portfolio.\nOperating Expenses\nCost of Service\nCost of service consists primarily of salaries, wages and related expenses paid to operations and technology-related personnel, including those who monitor our transaction processing systems and settlement functions; the cost of transaction processing systems, including third-party services; the cost of network telecommunications capability; depreciation and occupancy costs associated with the facilities supporting these functions; amortization of intangible assets; amortization of costs to fulfill customer contracts; provisions for operating losses; and, when applicable, integration expenses.\nSelling, General and Administrative Expenses\nSelling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, wages, commissions and related expenses paid to sales personnel, customer support functions other than those supporting revenue, administrative employees and management; share-based compensation expense; amortization of costs to obtain customer contracts; residuals paid to ISOs; fees paid to VARs, independent contractors and other third parties; other selling expenses; occupancy costs of leased space directly related to these functions; advertising costs; and, when applicable, acquisition and integration expenses. \n35\nTable of Contents\nOperating Income and Operating Margin\nFor the purpose of discussing segment operations, we refer to \"operating income,\" which is calculated by subtracting segment direct expenses from segment revenues. Overhead and shared expenses, including share-based compensation, are not allocated to segment operations; they are reported in the caption \"Corporate.\" Similarly, we refer to \"operating margin\" regarding segment operations, which is calculated by dividing segment operating income by segment revenues.\nEquity in Income of Equity Method Investments\nWe have equity method investments, including a 45% interest in China UnionPay Data Co., Ltd., which we account for using the equity method of accounting. Equity in income of equity method investments reflects our proportional share of earnings from these investments.\n36\nTable of Contents\nYear Ended December\u00a031, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December\u00a031, 2020 \nThe following table sets forth key selected financial data for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, this data as a percentage of total revenues, and the changes between periods in dollars and as a percentage of the prior-period amount. The income statement data for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020 are derived from the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in \"Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.\"\nYear Ended December 31,\nYear Ended December 31,\n(dollar amounts in thousands)\n2021\n% of Revenue\n(1)\n2020\n% of Revenue\n(1)\nChange\n% Change\nRevenues\n(2)\n:\nMerchant Solutions\n$\n5,665,557\n66.5\u00a0\n%\n$\n4,688,335\n63.2\u00a0\n%\n$\n977,222\n20.8\u00a0\n%\nIssuer Solutions\n2,065,971\n24.2\u00a0\n%\n1,981,435\n26.7\u00a0\n%\n84,536\n4.3\u00a0\n%\nBusiness and Consumer Solutions\n886,443\n10.4\u00a0\n%\n829,505\n11.2\u00a0\n%\n56,938\n6.9\u00a0\n%\nIntersegment eliminations\n(94,209)\n(1.1)\n%\n(75,717)\n(1.0)\n%\n(18,492)\n24.4\u00a0\n%\n\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Consolidated revenues\n$\n8,523,762\n100.0\u00a0\n%\n$\n7,423,558\n100.0\u00a0\n%\n$\n1,100,204\n14.8\u00a0\n%\nConsolidated operating expenses\n(2)\n:\nCost of service\n$\n3,773,725\n44.3\u00a0\n%\n$\n3,650,727\n49.2\u00a0\n%\n$\n122,998\n3.4\u00a0\n%\nSelling, general and administrative\n3,391,161\n39.8\u00a0\n%\n2,878,878\n38.8\u00a0\n%\n512,283\n17.8\u00a0\n%\n\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Operating expenses\n$\n7,164,886\n84.1\u00a0\n%\n$\n6,529,605\n88.0\u00a0\n%\n$\n635,281\n9.7\u00a0\n%\nOperating income (loss)\n(2)(3)\n:\nMerchant Solutions\n$\n1,725,990\n20.2\u00a0\n%\n$\n1,162,741\n15.7\u00a0\n%\n$\n563,249\n48.4\u00a0\n%\nIssuer Solutions\n301,119\n3.5\u00a0\n%\n277,651\n3.7\u00a0\n%\n23,468\n8.5\u00a0\n%\nBusiness and Consumer Solutions\n167,777\n2.0\u00a0\n%\n138,630\n1.9\u00a0\n%\n29,147\n21.0\u00a0\n%\nCorporate\n(836,010)\n(9.8)\n%\n(685,069)\n(9.2)\n%\n(150,941)\n22.0\u00a0\n%\n\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Operating income\n$\n1,358,876\n15.9\u00a0\n%\n$\n893,953\n12.0\u00a0\n%\n$\n464,923\n52.0\u00a0\n%\nOperating margin\n(2)\n:\nMerchant Solutions\n30.5\u00a0\n%\n24.8\u00a0\n%\n5.7\u00a0\n%\nIssuer Solutions\n14.6\u00a0\n%\n14.0\u00a0\n%\n0.6\u00a0\n%\nBusiness and Consumer Solutions\n18.9\u00a0\n%\n16.7\u00a0\n%\n2.2\u00a0\n%\n(1)\n Percentage amounts may not sum to the total due to rounding.\n(2) \nRevenues, consolidated operating expenses, operating income (loss) and operating margin reflect the effects of acquired businesses from the respective acquisition dates. \n(3)\n Operating loss for Corporate included acquisition and integration expenses of $335.5\u00a0million and $313.0 million during the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, operating loss for Corporate also included $56.8 million of other charges related to facilities exit activities in response to the transition to remote and flexible work arrangements.\nRevenues\nConsolidated revenues for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased by 14.8% to $8,523.8 million, compared to $7,423.6 million for the prior year. Starting in mid-March 2020, COVID-19 began to have an unfavorable effect on transaction volumes and on our revenues. We saw improvements during the latter half of 2020 and in 2021, and revenues for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in transaction volumes from continued economic recovery as COVID-19 restrictions eased and acceleration in the use of digital payment solutions. While we continue to see signs of economic recovery, which has positively affected our financial results in 2021 compared to the prior year, the rate of recovery on a global basis has been and may continue to be affected by additional developments related to COVID-19.\n37\nTable of Contents\nMerchant Solutions Segment. \nRevenues from our Merchant Solutions segment for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased by 20.8% to $5,665.6\u00a0million, compared to $4,688.3\u00a0million for the prior year. Starting in mid-March 2020, COVID-19 began to have an unfavorable effect on our revenues as a result of a reduction in transaction volumes and restrictions on certain of our customer businesses throughout North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. We saw improvement in our financial results during the latter half of 2020 and in 2021 as certain governments eased pandemic-related restrictions and consumer and business spending increased. Revenues for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased compared to the prior year due to an increase in transaction volumes from continued economic recovery as COVID-19 restrictions eased and acceleration in the use of digital payment solutions. While we continue to see signs of economic recovery, which has positively affected our financial results in 2021 compared to the prior year, additional developments related to COVID-19 slowed the rate of recovery during the fourth quarter of 2021. \nIssuer Solutions Segment. \nRevenues from our Issuer Solutions segment for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased by 4.3% to $2,066.0\u00a0million, compared to $1,981.4\u00a0million for the prior year. Starting in mid-March 2020, COVID-19 began to have an unfavorable effect on our revenues as a result of lower transaction volumes, particularly related to the processing of commercial cards. We saw improvement in our financial results during the latter half of 2020 and in 2021 as certain governments began to gradually ease pandemic-related restrictions. The increase in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to an increase in transaction volumes from continued economic recovery as COVID-19 restrictions eased and growth in our output services of card and statement production.\nBusiness and Consumer Solutions Segment. \nRevenues from our Business and Consumer Solutions segment for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased by 6.9% to $886.4\u00a0million, compared to $829.5\u00a0million for the prior year. Our Business and Consumer Solutions segment experienced an unfavorable effect on revenues starting in mid-March 2020 due to reduced consumer spending as a result of COVID-19. We saw improvement in our financial results throughout the latter half of 2020 and in 2021 from increases in consumer spending driven by government stimulus programs and the easing of COVID-19 related restrictions. Increases in consumer spending and additional spending volumes driven by further individual stimulus payments distributed to our customers by the United States government had a favorable effect on revenues for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. Our revenues for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 also included the favorable effect of revenues from individual stimulus payments and supplementary unemployment insurance distributions to our customers resulting from the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act. To a lesser extent, revenues from recently acquired businesses contributed to the increase in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. We do not expect any recurring effect on our revenues in 2022 related to government stimulus payment distributions.\nOperating Expenses\nCost of Service. \nCost of service for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased by 3.4% to $3,773.7 million, compared to $3,650.7 million for the prior year. Cost of service as a percentage of revenues decreased to 44.3% for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, compared to 49.2% for the prior year. The increase in cost of service is primarily due to higher variable costs associated with the increase in revenues. The increase in costs of service also reflects an increase in amortization of acquired intangibles, which were $1,295.0 million and $1,256.9 million for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in cost of service as a percentage of revenues is primarily due to the favorable effects of the increases in revenues, since certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues, and Merger-related cost synergies.\nSelling, General and Administrative Expenses.\n Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased by 17.8% to $3,391.2 million, compared to $2,878.9 million for the prior year. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues was 39.8% for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, compared to 38.8% for the prior year. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses is primarily due to an increase in variable selling and other costs related to the increase in revenues. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues is primarily due to higher employee compensation expense, including an increase in share-based compensation expense of $32.0 million, and higher acquisition and integration expenses, which were $340.2\u00a0million for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, compared to $319.5 million for the prior year. Employee compensation costs were lower in the prior year as a result of certain temporary cost-saving actions taken to help mitigate the financial effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, share-based compensation expense was higher in the current year primarily driven by the vesting of certain performance-based restricted stock units upon achievement of performance measures during the period. In addition, opportunities were identified during the fourth quarter of 2021 to reduce our facility footprint in certain markets around the world given the success of remote work and flexible arrangements implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic. Actions taken to exit certain leased facilities resulted in charges of $56.8\u00a0million during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, primarily to reduce the carrying amount of the affected asset groups to estimated fair value. We continue to evaluate our physical footprint and additional charges may be incurred as these facilities exit activities continue in 2022.   \nCorporate. \nCorporate expenses for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased by $150.9 million to $836.0 million, compared to $685.1 million for the prior year. The increase for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 is primarily due to higher employee compensation expense, including an increase in share-based compensation expense of $32.0 million as described \n38\nTable of Contents\nabove, higher acquisition and integration expenses, which were $335.5 million for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 compared to $313.0 million for the prior year, and other charges related to facilities exit activities in the fourth quarter of 2021 as described above. Certain of the Merger-related integration activities resulted in the recognition of employee termination benefits. During the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, Corporate expenses included charges for employee termination benefits of $43.4\u00a0million and $83.3\u00a0million, respectively, which included $1.2\u00a0million and $6.7\u00a0million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense. As of December\u00a031, 2021, the cumulative amount of recognized charges for employee termination benefits resulting from Merger-related integration activities was $183.8\u00a0million, which included $25.2\u00a0million of share-based compensation expense. Employee termination benefits from Merger-related integration activities are substantially complete as of December 31, 2021.\nOperating Income and Operating Margin\nConsolidated operating income for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased to $1,358.9 million, compared to $894.0 million for the prior year. Operating margin for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 increased to 15.9%, compared to 12.0% for the prior year. The increase in consolidated operating income and operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the increases in revenues, the operating margin effect in part being driven by the fact that certain fixed costs do not vary with revenues. The unfavorable effects of COVID-19 on our revenues and incremental expenses directly related to COVID-19 contributed to the lower consolidated operating income and operating margin in the prior year. We saw improvement in our financial results and positive trends during the latter half of 2020 and in 2021 as a result of the recovery seen across our markets as COVID-19 restrictions eased. Further, Merger-related cost synergies and lower credit loss expense had a favorable effect on operating income and operating margin for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. The increase in consolidated operating income and operating margin for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 was partially offset by an increase in acquisition and integration expenses of $20.3\u00a0million compared to the prior year, charges related to facilities exit activities in the fourth quarter of 2021 as described above and an increase in amortization of acquired intangibles of $38.1 million compared to the prior year. Operating income and operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2021 also reflects an increase in employee compensation expense compared to the prior year as a result of certain temporary cost-saving actions taken in the prior year to help mitigate the financial effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and higher share-based compensation expense in the current year associated with performance-based awards.\nSegment Operating Income and Operating Margin\n. Operating income and operating margin in each of our Merchant Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Business and Consumer Solutions segments for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased compared to the prior year due to the increase in revenues. We saw improvement in our financial results and positive trends during the latter half of 2020 and in 2021 as a result of the recovery seen across our geographic markets as COVID-19 restrictions eased and consumer and business spending increased, in part as a result of government stimulus payments. Further, across all of our segments, Merger-related cost synergies had a favorable effect on segment operating income and operating margin for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. In our Business and Consumer Solutions segment, operating income and operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2021 were favorably affected by spending volumes driven by additional stimulus payments distributed by the United States government in early 2021, and operating income and operating margin for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 included the favorable effect from our customers loading individual stimulus payments and supplementary unemployment insurance distributions during the second quarter of 2020. \nOther Income/Expense, Net\nInterest and other income for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 decreased by $24.2 million to $19.3 million, compared to $43.6 million for the prior year. Interest and other income for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 included a gain of $27.7\u00a0million in connection with the release and conversion of a portion of our Visa convertible preferred shares. See \"Note 7\u2014Other Assets\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this transaction.\nInterest and other expense for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 decreased by $9.9 million to $333.7 million, compared to $343.5 million for the prior year, as a result of lower average interest rates on outstanding borrowings in 2021 as we replaced higher interest rate senior notes with lower interest rates senior notes and the average LIBOR rate year over year was lower. \n39\nTable of Contents\nIncome Tax Expense\nOur effective income tax rates for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020 were 16.2% and 13.0%, respectively. The increase in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 from the prior year was primarily due to the geographical mix of earnings compared to the prior year and a change in the U.K. statutory income tax rate that was enacted during the year ended December 31, 2021, which required a remeasurement of deferred tax balances to increase the effective tax rate. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2020 also included the effect of a change in the U.K. statutory income tax rate that took effect during the year, which required a remeasurement of deferred tax balances to increase the effective tax rate; however, the 2021 U.K. tax rate change had a more significant effect on our effective tax rate than the 2020 U.K. tax rate change. These effects were partially offset by a change in the assessment of the need for a valuation allowance related to foreign net operating losses and foreign tax credit carryforwards during the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, the lower effective tax rate in 2020 reflects the effect of permanent differences on lower income before income taxes, since the amounts of certain of our permanent differences do not vary with income before income taxes.\nEquity in Income of Equity Method Investments\nEquity in income of equity method investments increased to $112.4 million compared to $88.3 million for the prior year, primarily due to increases in transaction volumes and appreciation in fair value of investments held at certain investees.\nNet Income Attributable to Global Payments\nNet income attributable to Global Payments increased to $965.5 million compared to $584.5 million for the prior year, reflecting the increase in operating income and equity in income of equity method investments.\nDiluted Earnings per Share\nDiluted earnings per share was $3.29 compared to $1.95 for the prior year. Diluted earnings per share for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 reflects the increase in net income and a decrease in the weighted-average number of shares outstanding.\nLiquidity and Capital Resources \nWe have numerous sources of capital, including cash on hand and cash flows generated from operations as well as various sources of financing. \nIn the ordinary course of our business, a significant portion of our liquidity comes from operating cash flows and borrowings, including the capacity under our credit facilities. \nOur capital allocation priorities are to make planned capital investments in our business, to pursue acquisitions that meet our corporate objectives, to pay dividends, to pay principal and interest on our outstanding debt and to repurchase shares of our common stock. \nOur significant contractual cash requirements also include ongoing payments for lease liabilities and \ncontractual obligations related to service arrangements with suppliers for fixed or minimum amounts, which primarily relate to software, technology infrastructure and related services.\n For additional information regarding our cash commitments and contractual obligations, \nsee \"Note 6\u2014Leases,\" \"Note 8\u2014Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit\" and \u201cNote 17\u2014Commitments and Contingencies\u201d in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.\nOur capital plan objectives are to support our operational needs and strategic plan for long-term growth while maintaining a low cost of capital. To supplement cash from operating activities, we use a combination of bank financing, such as borrowings under our credit facilities and senior note issuances, for general corporate purposes and to fund acquisitions. In addition, specialized lines of credit are also used in certain of our markets to fund merchant settlement prior to receipt of funds from the card networks. \nWe believe that our current level of cash and borrowing capacity under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility, together with expected future cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to meet both the near-term and long-term needs of our existing operations and planned requirements. Early actions taken to preserve our available capital and provide financial flexibility in response to the effects of COVID-19 on our business, including the temporary reduction of certain operating expenses, employee compensation costs, other discretionary spending and planned capital expenditures, added to the strength of our financial profile. We regularly evaluate our liquidity and capital position relative to cash requirements, and we may elect to raise additional funds in the future, through the issuance of debt or equity or by other means.\nAt December\u00a031, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $1,979.3 million. Of this amount, we considered $894.6 million to be available for general purposes, of which $32.7 million is undistributed foreign earnings considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. The available cash of $894.6 million does not include the following: (i) settlement-related cash balances, (ii) funds held as collateral for merchant losses (\"Merchant Reserves\") and (iii) funds held for \n40\nTable of Contents\ncustomers. Settlement-related cash balances represent funds that we hold when the incoming amount from the card networks precedes the funding obligation to the merchant. Settlement-related cash balances are not restricted in their use; however, these funds are generally paid out in satisfaction of settlement processing obligations the following day. Merchant Reserves serve as collateral to minimize contingent liabilities associated with any losses that may occur under the merchant's agreement. While this cash is not restricted in its use, we believe that designating this cash as a Merchant Reserve strengthens our fiduciary standing with our member sponsors. Funds held for customers, which are not restricted in their use, include amounts collected before the corresponding obligation is due to be settled to or at the direction of our customers. Accumulated cash balances are invested in high-quality, marketable short-term instruments.\nWe also had restricted cash of $143.7\u00a0million as of December\u00a031, 2021, \nrepresenting amounts deposited by customers for prepaid card transactions. These balances are subject to local regulatory restrictions requiring appropriate segregation and restriction in their use.\n \nOperating activities provided net cash of $2,780.8 million and $2,314.2 million for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which reflect net income adjusted for noncash items, including depreciation and amortization, facility exit charges and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Fluctuations in operating assets and liabilities are affected primarily by timing of month-end and transaction volume, including changes in settlement processing assets and obligations and accounts payable and other liabilities balances, and by the effects of businesses we acquire that have different working capital requirements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities from the prior year was primarily due to an increase in earnings, an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities balances due to timing of month-end and transaction volume, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable as a result of higher revenues in the current year. \nWe used net cash in investing activities of $2,293.8 million and $438.3 million during the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash used for investing activities primarily represents cash used to fund acquisitions, net of cash and restricted cash acquired, and capital expenditures. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we used cash of $1,904.7 million for acquisitions. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2020, we used cash of $167.9 million for acquisitions and recorded a cash inflow of $119.4 million from restricted cash balances acquired during the year. Cash from investing activities for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 also reflects cash received from the sale of Visa common shares of $27.7\u00a0million.\nWe made capital expenditures of $493.2 million and $436.2 million during the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These investments include software and hardware to support the development of new technologies, infrastructure to support our growing business and the continued consolidation and enhancement of our operating platforms. These investments also include new product development and innovation to further enhance and differentiate our suite of technology and cloud-based solutions available to customers, along with the migration of certain underlying technology platforms to cloud environments to enhance performance and drive cost efficiencies. Capital expenditures and other investments in the business have recently returned to more normalized levels, and we expect to continue to make significant capital investments in the business. We anticipate capital expenditures to grow at a similar rate as our revenue growth for the year ending December 31, 2022. \nFinancing activities include borrowings and repayments made under our various debt arrangements, as well as borrowings and repayments made under specialized lines of credit to fund daily settlement activities. Our borrowing arrangements are further described in \"Note 8\u2014Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and below under \"Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit.\" Financing activities also include cash flows associated with common stock repurchase programs and share-based compensation programs, cash distributions made to our shareholders, and cash contributions from and distributions to noncontrolling interests. We used net cash in financing activities of $405.4 million and $1,546.1 million during the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively.\nProceeds from long-term debt were $7,057.7 million and $2,401.1 million for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Repayments of long-term debt were $4,826.8 million and $2,342.1 million for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Proceeds from and repayments of long-term debt consist of borrowings and repayments that we make with available cash, from time-to-time, under our revolving credit facility, as well as scheduled principal repayments we make on our term loans. \nOn \nFebruary 26, 2021,\n we issued \n$1.1\u00a0billion\n aggregate principal amount of \n1.200%\n senior unsecured notes due March 2026. We used the net proceeds from this offering to fund the redemption in full of the \n3.800%\n senior unsecured notes due April 2021, to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. \nOn November\u00a022, 2021, we issued $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.5% senior notes due November 2024; (ii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.150% senior notes due January 2027; and (iii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.900% senior notes due November 2031. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay the outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. \n41\nTable of Contents\nActivity under our settlement lines of credit is affected primarily by timing of month-end and transaction volume. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we had net borrowings from settlement lines of credit of $149.5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we had net repayments of settlement lines of credit of $133.3 million.\nWe repurchase our common stock, mainly through open market repurchase plans and, at times, through accelerated share repurchase (\"ASR\") programs. During the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, we used cash of $2,533.6 million and $631.1 million, respectively, to repurchase shares of our common stock. The share repurchase activity for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, included the repurchase of 2,491,161 shares at an average price of $200.71 per share under an ASR agreement we entered into on February\u00a010, 2021 with a financial institution to repurchase an aggregate of $500.0 million of our common stock during the ASR program purchase period, which ended on March\u00a031, 2021. We temporarily suspended repurchases of our common stock during the second and third quarters of 2020, and reactivated our repurchase program in the fourth quarter of 2020. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we had $1,540.0\u00a0million of share repurchase authority remaining under a share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors. On January\u00a027, 2022, our board of directors approved an increase to our existing share repurchase program authorization, which raised the total available authorization to $2.0 billion. \nWe paid dividends to our common shareholders in the amounts of $259.7 million and $233.2 million during the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. \nDuring the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, Global Payments and noncontrolling shareholders made contributions of $209.6 million and $70.0 million, respectively, to certain of our majority-owned subsidiaries based on each shareholder's proportionate ownership, primarily to fund acquisitions that closed in the fourth quarter of 2021. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2020, we paid $578.2 million to noncontrolling interest holders to increase our controlling financial interest in Comercia Global Payments Entidad de Pago, S.L. (\u201cComercia\u201d) from 51% to 80%, which was funded through a combination of available cash resources and borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we made distributions to noncontrolling interests in the amount of $26.2 million. \nLong-Term Debt and Lines of Credit \nSenior Unsecured Notes\nWe have $9.4\u00a0billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, which mature at various dates ranging from June 2023 to August 2049. Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually at various dates. Each series of the senior notes is redeemable, at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time-to-time at the redemption prices set forth in the related indenture.\nOn November\u00a022, 2021, we issued $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.500% senior notes due November 2024; (ii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.150% senior notes due January 2027; and (iii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.900% senior notes due November 2031. We incurred debt issuance costs of approximately $14.4 million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December\u00a031, 2021. Interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 for the 2024 and 2031 notes and January 15 and July 15 on the 2027 note, commencing May 15, 2022 for the 2024 note and the 2031 note and July 15, 2022 for the 2027 note. The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay the outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.\nOn February 26, 2021, we issued $1.1\u00a0billion aggregate principal amount of 1.200% senior unsecured notes due March 2026. We incurred debt issuance costs of approximately $8.6\u00a0million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December\u00a031, 2021. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing September 1, 2021. The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. We used the net proceeds from this offering to fund the redemption in full of the 3.800% senior unsecured notes due April 2021, to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.\n42\nTable of Contents\nOn May 15, 2020, we issued $1.0\u00a0billion aggregate principal amount of 2.900% senior unsecured notes due May 2030 and received proceeds of $996.7 million. We incurred debt issuance costs of approximately $8.4 million, including underwriting fees, fees for professional services and registration fees, which were capitalized and reflected as a reduction of the related carrying amount of the notes in our consolidated balance sheet at December\u00a031, 2021. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing November\u00a015, 2020. The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness on our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.\nOn August\u00a014, 2019, we issued $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of the following: (i) $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.650% senior notes due 2025; (ii) $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.200% senior notes due 2029; and (iii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.150% senior notes due 2049. Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on each February 15 and August 15, beginning on February\u00a015, 2020. Each series of the senior notes is redeemable, at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time-to-time at the redemption prices set forth in the related indenture. We issued the senior notes at a total discount of $6.1 million and capitalized related debt issuance costs of $29.6 million. \nFrom August\u00a014, 2019 until the closing of the Merger on September 18, 2019, the proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes were held in escrow. Upon closing, the funds were released and used together with borrowings under the term loan facility and the revolving credit facility, as well as cash on hand, to repay TSYS' unsecured revolving credit facility, refinance certain of our existing indebtedness, fund cash payments made in lieu of fractional shares and pay transaction fees and costs related to the Merger. \nIn addition, in connection with the Merger, we assumed $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes of TSYS, consisting of the following: (i) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.800% senior notes due 2021, which were redeemed in February 2021; (ii) $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.750% senior notes due 2023; (iii) $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.000% senior notes due 2023; (iv) $750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.800% senior notes due 2026; and (v) $450 million aggregate principal amount of 4.450% senior notes due 2028. For the 3.800% senior notes due 2021 and the 4.800% senior notes due 2026, interest is payable semi-annually each April 1 and October 1. For the 3.750% senior notes due 2023, the 4.000% senior notes due 2023 and the 4.450% senior notes due 2028, interest is payable semi-annually each June 1 and December 1. The difference between the acquisition-date fair value and face value of senior notes assumed in the Merger is recognized over the terms of the respective notes as a reduction of interest expense. The amortization of this fair value adjustment was $29.6 million and $36.2 million for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively.\nSenior Unsecured Credit Facilities\nWe have a term loan credit agreement (\"Term Loan Credit Agreement\") and a revolving credit agreement\u00a0(\"Unsecured Revolving Credit Agreement\") in each case with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions, as lenders and other agents. The Term Loan Credit Agreement provides for a senior unsecured $2.0 billion term loan facility, and the Unsecured Revolving Credit Agreement provides for a senior unsecured $3.0 billion revolving credit facility. Borrowings under the term loan facility were made in U.S. dollars and borrowings under the revolving credit facility are available to be made in U.S. dollars, euros, sterling, Canadian dollars and, subject to certain conditions, certain other currencies at our option. Borrowings in U.S. dollars and certain other London Interbank Offered Rate (\"LIBOR\")-quoted currencies will bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (1)\u00a0the rate (adjusted for any statutory reserve requirements for eurocurrency liabilities) for eurodollar deposits in the London interbank market, (2) a floating rate of interest set forth on the applicable LIBOR screen page designated by Bank of America or (3)\u00a0the highest of (a)\u00a0the federal funds effective rate plus 0.5%, (b) the rate of interest as publicly announced by Bank of America as its \"prime rate\" or (c)\u00a0LIBOR plus 1.0%, in each case, plus an applicable margin.\u00a0In connection with the sunset of certain LIBOR reference rates occurring at the end of 2021, we amended the Unsecured Revolving Credit Agreement in December 2021 to replace the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration with the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate for any extension of credit denominated in sterling or euros, respectively. As of December\u00a031, 2021, borrowings outstanding under the term loan facility were $2.0 billion and there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility\n.\nAs described in \"Note 1\n\u2014\nBasis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we continue to monitor developments related to the upcoming transition from USD LIBOR to an alternative benchmark reference rate after June 30, 2023. Additionally, we maintain contact with our lenders and other stakeholders to evaluate the potential effects of these changes on any future financing activities.\n43\nTable of Contents\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, the interest rate on the term loan facility was\n \n1.48%. In addition, we are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee with respect to the unused portion of the revolving credit facility at an applicable rate per annum ranging from 0.125% to 0.300% depending on our credit rating. Beginning on December\u00a031, 2022, and at the end of each quarter thereafter, the term loan facility must be repaid in quarterly installments in the amount of 2.50% of original principal through the maturity date with the remaining principal balance due upon maturity in September 2024. The revolving credit facility also matures in September 2024.\nWe may issue standby letters of credit of up to $250 million in the aggregate under the revolving credit facility. Outstanding letters of credit under the revolving credit facility reduce the amount of borrowings available to us. The amounts available to borrow under the revolving credit facility are also determined by a financial leverage covenant. As of December\u00a031, 2021, the total available commitments under the revolving credit facility were $1.9 billion.\nCompliance with Covenants\nThe term loan facility and the revolving credit facility contain customary conditions to funding, affirmative covenants, negative covenants, financial covenants and events of default. As of December\u00a031, 2021, financial covenants under the term loan facility required a leverage ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 and an interest coverage ratio of 3.00 to 1.00. We were in compliance with all applicable covenants as of December\u00a031, 2021.\nSettlement Lines of Credit\nIn various markets where we do business, we have specialized lines of credit, that are restricted for use in funding settlement. The settlement lines of credit generally have variable interest rates, are subject to annual review and are denominated in local currency but may, in some cases, facilitate borrowings in multiple currencies. For certain of our lines of credit, the available credit is increased by the amount of cash we have on deposit in specific accounts with the lender. Accordingly, the amount of the outstanding lines of credit may exceed the stated credit limit. As of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, a total \nof \n$76.3 million\n an\nd $64.5 million, respectively, of cash on deposit was used to determine the available credit.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, w\ne had \n$484.2 million\n outs\ntanding under these lines of credit with additional capacity to fund settlement of $1,693.2 million. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, the maximum and average outstanding balances under these lines of credit were $1,267.4 million and $487.7 million, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on these borrowings was 2.22% at December\u00a031, 2021.\nSee \"Note 8\u2014Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information about our borrowing agreements.\nBIN/ICA Agreements\n\u00a0\nWe have entered into sponsorship or depository and processing agreements with certain banks. These agreements allow us to use the banks' identification numbers, referred to as Bank Identification Number (\"BIN\") for Visa transactions and Interbank Card Association (\"ICA\") number for Mastercard transactions, to clear credit card transactions through Visa and Mastercard. Certain of such agreements contain financial covenants, and we were in compliance with all such covenants as of December\u00a031, 2021.\n \nCritical Accounting Policies and Estimates\n\u00a0\nOur consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which often require the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. We consider the following accounting policies to be critical to understanding our consolidated financial statements because the application of these policies requires significant judgment on the part of management, and as a result, actual future developments may be different from those expected at the time that we make these critical judgments. We have discussed these critical accounting policies with the audit committee of the board of directors. \nAccounting estimates necessarily require subjective determinations about future events and conditions. Therefore, the following descriptions of our critical accounting policies are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated by these forward-looking statements. You should read the following in conjunction with \"Note 1\u2014Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies\" of the notes to the accompanying \n44\nTable of Contents\nconsolidated financial statements and the risk factors contained in \"Item 1A - Risk Factors\" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. \nBusiness Combinations\nFrom time to time, we make strategic acquisitions that may have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. The measurement principle for the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed in a business combination is at estimated fair value as of the acquisition date, with certain exceptions. The excess of the total consideration transferred over the amount of the net identifiable assets acquired determined in accordance with the measurement guidance for such items is recorded as goodwill. \nThe estimates we use to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgments. We use information available to us to make fair value determinations and engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired long-lived assets. The estimated fair values of customer-related and contract-based intangible assets are generally determined using the income approach, which is based on projected cash flows discounted to their present value using discount rates that consider the timing and risk of the forecasted cash flows. The discount rates used represented a risk adjusted market participant weighted-average cost of capital, derived using customary market metrics. These measures of fair value also require considerable judgments about future events, including forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted customer attrition rates, contract renewal estimates and technology changes. Acquired technologies are generally valued using the replacement cost method, which requires us to estimate the costs to construct an asset of equivalent utility at prices available at the time of the valuation analysis, with adjustments in value for physical deterioration and functional and economic obsolescence. Trademarks and trade names are generally valued using the \"relief-from-royalty\" approach. This method assumes that trademarks and trade names have value to the extent that their owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from them. This method requires us to estimate the future revenues for the related brands, the appropriate royalty rate and the weighted-average cost of capital. This measure of fair value requires considerable judgment about the value a market participant would be willing to pay in order to achieve the benefits associated with the trade name.\nWhile we use our best estimates and assumptions to determine the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of income. We are also required to estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the period over which to recognize the amount of acquisition-related intangible assets as an expense. We periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate.\u00a0\nGoodwill\n\u2014 We perform our annual goodwill impairment test as of October\u00a01 each year. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. We have the option of performing a qualitative assessment of impairment to determine whether any further quantitative assessment for impairment is necessary. The option of whether or not to perform a qualitative assessment is made annually and may vary by reporting unit.\nFactors we consider in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance of our reporting units, events or changes affecting the composition or carrying amount of the net assets of our reporting units, sustained decrease in our share price, and other relevant entity-specific events. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment or if we determine, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test would be required. \nThe quantitative assessment compares the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, and recognizes an impairment loss for the amount by which a reporting unit\u2019s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, without exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. When applying the quantitative assessment, we determine the fair value of our reporting units based on a weighted average of multiple valuation techniques, principally a combination of an income approach and a market approach. The income approach calculates a value based upon the present value of estimated future cash flows, while the market approach uses earnings multiples of similarly situated guideline public companies. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding the revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates and future economic and market conditions\n.\n45\nTable of Contents\nOur reporting units consist of the following: North America Payment Solutions, Integrated Solutions, Vertical Market Software Solutions, Europe Merchant Solutions, Spain Merchant Solutions, Asia-Pacific Merchant Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Business and Consumer Solutions. As of October 1, 2021, we performed a quantitative assessment of impairment for our Vertical Market Software Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Business and Consumer Solutions reporting units and a qualitative assessment for all other reporting units. We determined on the basis of the quantitative assessment of our Vertical Market Software Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Business and Consumer Solutions reporting units that the fair value of each reporting unit is greater than its respective carrying amount. Additionally, we determined on the basis of the qualitative factors that the fair value of other reporting units was not more likely than not less than the respective carrying amounts. We believe that the fair value of each of our reporting units is substantially in excess of its carrying amount, except for Issuer Solutions and Business and Consumer Solutions, which have smaller excess compared to the other reporting units since they were recently acquired in the Merger. \nOur current year assessments, performed as of October 1, 2021, included consideration of the expected effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on revenues and our cost mitigation efforts, as well as longer term performance expectations. We continue to closely monitor developments related to COVID-19. The future magnitude, duration and effects of the pandemic are difficult to predict at this time, and it is reasonably possible that future developments could have a negative effect on the estimates and assumptions utilized in our goodwill impairment assessments and could result in material impairment charges in future periods.\nThere were no changes in reporting units or significant changes in the methodology used to assess goodwill impairment during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. We regularly monitor any changes in the business and evaluate whether such changes affect the determination of our reporting units.\nIntangible and Long-lived Assets\n\u2014 Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The useful lives for customer-related intangible assets are determined based primarily on forecasted cash flows, which include estimates for the revenues, expenses, and customer attrition associated with the assets. The useful lives of contract-based intangible assets are equal to the terms of the agreements. The useful lives of acquired technologies are based on an estimate of the period over which we expect to receive economic benefit. The useful lives of amortizable trademarks and trade names are based on an estimate of the period over which we will earn revenues for the related brands, including contemplation of any future plans to phase out the trademarks and trade names in the applicable markets. \nWe use the straight-line method of amortization for our amortizable acquired technologies, trademarks and trade names and certain contract-based intangibles. Amortization for most of our customer-related intangible assets and certain contract-based intangibles is determined using an accelerated method. Under this accelerated method, the first step in determining the amortization expense for any period is that we divide the expected cash flows for that period that were used in determining the acquisition-date fair value of the asset divided by the expected total cash flows over the estimated life of the asset. We then multiply that ratio by the initial carrying amount of the asset to arrive at the amortization expense for that period. If the cash flow patterns that we experience differ significantly from our initial estimates, we adjust the amortization schedule prospectively. We believe that our accelerated method reflects the expected pattern of the benefit to be derived. We did not make any significant adjustments to the amortization schedules of our intangible assets during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021.\nWe regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the carrying amount of property and equipment, lease right-of-use assets and finite-life intangible assets may not be recoverable. When factors indicate that these long-lived assets should be evaluated for possible impairment, we assess the potential impairment by determining whether the carrying amount of such long-lived assets will be recovered through the future undiscounted cash flows expected from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. The evaluation is performed at the asset group level, which is the lowest level of identifiable cash flows. If the carrying amount of the asset group is determined not to be recoverable and exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded, measured as the difference between the fair value and the carrying amount. Fair values are determined based on quoted market prices or discounted cash flow analysis as applicable. We regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the useful lives of property and equipment and finite-life intangible assets may warrant revision. \nAs a result of actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2021 to reduce our facilities footprint in certain markets around the world given the success of remote work and flexible arrangements implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic, we recognized charges of $51.3 million, primarily related to certain lease right-of-use assets, leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures and equipment to reduce the carrying amount of each asset group to estimated fair value. We continue to evaluate our physical footprint and additional charges may be incurred as these facilities exit activities continue in 2022. \n46\nTable of Contents\nCapitalization of Internal-Use Software\nWe develop software that is used in providing services to customers. Capitalization of internal-use software, primarily associated with operating platforms, occurs when we have completed the preliminary project stage, management authorizes the project, management commits to funding the project, it is probable the project will be completed and the project will be used to perform the function intended. The preliminary project stage consists of the conceptual formulation of alternatives, the evaluation of alternatives, the determination of existence of needed technology and the final selection of alternatives. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage are recognized as expense as incurred. Currently unforeseen circumstances in software development, such as a significant change in the manner in which the software is intended to be used, obsolescence or a significant reduction in revenues due to merchant attrition, could require us to implement alternative plans with respect to a particular effort, which could result in the impairment of previously capitalized software development costs. The carrying amount of internal-use software, including work-in-progress, at December\u00a031, 2021 was $742.0 million. Costs capitalized during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 totaled $255.9 million. Internal-use software is amortized over its estimated useful life, which is typically 5 to 10 years, in a manner that best reflects the pattern of economic use of the assets. There were no significant changes in the accounting methodology used for capitalization of internal-use software during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021.\nDuring the year ended December 31, 2019, we preliminarily determined our target technology architecture for the combined company. As a result, we wrote-off capitalized software assets of $31.1 million related to legacy Global Payments technology that will no longer be utilized. \nRevenue Recognition\nIn accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, \nRevenue from Contracts with Customers\n (\"ASC 606\"), we apply judgment in the determination of performance obligations, in particular related to large customer contracts within the Issuer Solutions segment. Performance obligations in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised services, we must apply judgment to determine whether promised services are capable of being distinct and are distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met, the promised services are combined and accounted for as a single performance obligation. In addition, a single performance obligation may comprise a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer.\nIncome Taxes\nWe determine our provision for income taxes using management's judgments, estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. \nWe believe our tax return positions are fully supportable; however, we recognize the benefit for tax positions only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained based on its technical merits. Issues raised by a tax authority may be resolved at an amount different than the related benefit recognized. When facts and circumstances change (including an effective settlement of an issue or statute of limitations expiration), the effect is recognized in the period of change. The unrecognized tax benefits that exist at December\u00a031, 2021 would affect our provision for income taxes in the future, if recognized. \nJudgment is required to determine whether or not some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. To the extent we determine that we will not realize the benefit of some or all of our deferred tax assets, then these deferred tax assets are adjusted through our provision for income taxes in the period in which this determination is made.\nSee \"Note 10\n\u2014\nIncome Tax\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the changes in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits and deferred tax valuation allowances during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021.\n47\nTable of Contents\nEffect of New Accounting Pronouncements and\u00a0Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted\n \nFrom time-to-time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standards setting bodies that may affect our current and/or future financial statements. See \"Note 1\u2014Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies\" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted.", "item7a": ">ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK\n \nForeign Currency Exchange Rate Risk\nCertain of our operations are conducted in foreign currencies. Consequently, a portion of our revenues and expenses may be affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We have not historically hedged our translation risk on foreign currency exposure, but we may do so in the future. For the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, currency exchange rate fluctuations increased our consolidated revenues by approximately $90.7 million and increased our operating income by approximately $38.5 million compared to the prior year, calculated by converting revenues and operating income, respectively, for the current year, excluding revenues and operating income from current year acquisitions, in local currencies using exchange rates for the prior year.\nGenerally, the functional currency of our various subsidiaries is their local currency.\u00a0We are exposed to currency fluctuations on transactions that are not denominated in the functional currency. Gains and losses on such transactions are included in determining net income for the period.\u00a0We seek to mitigate our foreign currency risk through timely settlement of transactions and cash flow matching, when possible. For the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, our transaction gains and losses were insignificant.\nAdditionally, we are affected by currency fluctuations in our funds settlement process on merchant payment, chargeback and card network settlement transactions that are not denominated in the currency of the underlying credit or debit card transaction. Gains and losses on these transactions are included in revenues for the period.\nWe are also affected by fluctuations in exchange rates on our investments in foreign operations. Relative to our net investment in foreign operations, the assets and liabilities of subsidiaries whose functional currency is a foreign currency are translated at the period-end rate of exchange. The resulting translation adjustment is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income and is included in shareholders' equity. Transaction gains and losses on intercompany balances of a long-term investment nature are also recorded as a component of other comprehensive income.\nInterest Rate Risk\nWe are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates on certain of our long-term borrowings and cash investments. We invest our excess cash in securities that we believe are highly liquid and marketable in the short term. These investments earn a floating rate of interest and are not held for trading or other speculative purposes.\nWe have a senior unsecured $2.0 billion term loan facility and a senior unsecured $3.0 billion revolving credit facility, as well as various lines of credit that we use to fund settlement in certain of our markets, each of which bears interest at rates that are based on market rates and fluctuate accordingly. As of December\u00a031, 2021, the amount outstanding under these variable-rate debt arrangements and settlement lines of credit was $2.5 billion. \nThe interest earned on our invested cash and the interest paid on a portion of our debt are based on variable interest rates; therefore, the exposure of our net income to a change in interest rates is partially mitigated as an increase in rates would increase both interest income and interest expense, and a reduction in rates would decrease both interest income and interest expense. Under our current policies, we may selectively use derivative instruments, such as interest rate swaps or forward rate agreements, to manage all or a portion of our exposure to interest rate changes. We have entered into interest rate swaps that reduce a portion of our exposure to market interest rate risk on certain of our variable-rate debt as discussed in \"Note 8\u2014Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit\" in the notes to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. \nBased on balances outstanding under variable-rate debt agreements and invested cash balances at December\u00a031, 2021, a hypothetical increase of 50 basis points in applicable interest rates as of December\u00a031, 2021 would increase our annual interest expense by approximately $5.6 million and increase our annual interest income by approximately $1.5 million.\n48\nTable of Contents\nA portion of our indebtedness bears interest at a variable rate based on the USD London Interbank Offered Rate (\"LIBOR\"). Furthermore, we have entered into hedging instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the USD LIBOR benchmark interest rate. To facilitate an orderly transition from USD LIBOR to alternative benchmark rates, the Company established an initiative led by internal subject matter experts to assess and mitigate risks associated with the discontinuance of USD LIBOR. We continue to monitor developments related to the anticipated transition from USD LIBOR to an alternative benchmark reference rate and evaluate the related risks in connection with transitioning contracts to a new alternative rate, which primarily include loan interest payments and amounts received and paid on interest rate swaps. Additionally, we maintain contact with our lenders and other stakeholders to evaluate the potential effects of these changes on any future financing activities. While we currently expect certain USD LIBOR benchmark rates to be available until June 30, 2023, it is possible that USD LIBOR will become unavailable prior to that time. This could result, for example, if sufficient banks decline to make submissions to the LIBOR administrator. In that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate will be accelerated.\n49\nTable of Contents", "companyName": "Global payments inc", "cusip": "37954Y442"}