{"item1": ">Item\u00a01.\u00a0Business.\nOur Company\nInvesco Mortgage Capital Inc. (the \u201cCompany\u201d) is a Maryland corporation primarily focused on investing in, financing and managing mortgage-backed securities (\u201cMBS\u201d) and other mortgage-related assets. Our objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders, primarily through dividends and secondarily through capital appreciation. To achieve this objective, we currently invest in the following:\n\u2022\nResidential mortgage-backed securities (\u201cRMBS\u201d) that are guaranteed by a U.S.\u00a0government agency such as the Government National Mortgage Association (\u201cGinnie Mae\u201d) or a federally chartered corporation such as the Federal National Mortgage Association (\u201cFannie Mae\u201d) or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (\u201cFreddie Mac\u201d) (collectively \u201cAgency RMBS\u201d);\n\u2022\nCommercial mortgage-backed securities (\u201cCMBS\u201d) that are not guaranteed by a U.S. government agency or a federally chartered corporation (\u201cnon-Agency CMBS\u201d);\u00a0\n\u2022\nRMBS that are not guaranteed by a U.S.\u00a0government agency or a federally chartered corporation (\u201cnon-Agency RMBS\u201d);\n\u2022\nTo-be-announced securities forward contracts (\u201cTBAs\u201d) to purchase Agency RMBS;\n\u2022\nCommercial mortgage loans; and\n\u2022\nOther real estate-related financing arrangements.\nWe have also historically invested in:\n\u2022\nCMBS that are guaranteed by a U.S.\u00a0government agency such as Ginnie Mae or a federally chartered corporation such as Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae (collectively \u201cAgency CMBS\u201d);\n\u2022\nCredit risk transfer securities that are unsecured obligations issued by government-sponsored enterprises (\u201cGSE CRT\u201d); and\n\u2022\nResidential mortgage loans.\nWe continuously evaluate new investment opportunities to complement our current investment portfolio by expanding our target assets and portfolio diversification.\nWe conduct our business through our wholly-owned subsidiary, IAS Operating Partnership L.P. (the \u201cOperating Partnership\u201d). We are externally managed and advised by Invesco Advisers, Inc. (our \u201cManager\u201d), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Invesco Ltd. (\u201cInvesco\u201d). \nWe have elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (\u201cREIT\u201d) for U.S.\u00a0federal income tax purposes under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. To maintain our REIT qualification, we are generally required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders annually. We operate our business in a manner that permits our exclusion from the definition of \u201cInvestment Company\u201d under the 1940 Act. \nOur Manager\nOur Manager provides us with our management team, including our officers and appropriate support personnel. Each of our officers is an employee of our Manager or one of its affiliates. We do not have any employees. Our Manager's long-term success, including its success in managing our business, relies on its ability to attract, develop and retain talent. Our Manager invests significantly in talent development, health and welfare programs, technology and other resources that support its employees. Our Manager is committed to improving diversity at all levels and in all functions across its global business and remains focused on increasing representation of women and other underrepresented employees. Our Manager is not obligated to dedicate any of its employees exclusively to us, and our Manager and its employees are not obliga\nted to dedicate any specific portion of time to our business. Our Manager is at all times subject to the supervision and oversight of our Board of Directors and has only such functions and authority as we delegate to\u00a0it. Refer to Item 13. \u201cCertain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence\u201d in Part III of this Report for a discussion of our relationship with our Manager.\n3\nTable of Contents\nOur Competitive Advantages\nWe believe that our competitive advantages include the following:\nSignificant Experience of Our Senior Management and Our Manager\nOur senior management and the structured investments team of our Manager have a long track record and broad experience in managing residential and commercial mortgage-related assets through a variety of credit and interest rate environments and have demonstrated the ability to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns under different market conditions and cycles. In addition, we benefit from the insight and capabilities of Invesco\u2019s real estate team, through which we have access to broad and deep teams of experienced investment professionals in real estate and distressed investing. Through these teams, we have real time access to research and data on the mortgage and real estate industries. We believe having in-house access to these resources and expertise provides us with a competitive advantage over other companies investing in our target assets who have less internal resources and expertise.\nAccess to Our Manager\u2019s Sophisticated Analytical Tools, Infrastructure and Expertise\nOur Manager has created and maintains analytical and portfolio management capabilities to aid in asset selection and risk management. We capitalize on the market knowledge and ready access to data across our target markets that our Manager and its affiliates obtain through their established platforms. We focus on in-depth analysis of the numerous factors that influence our target assets, including: (1)\u00a0fundamental market and sector review; (2)\u00a0rigorous cash flow analysis; (3)\u00a0disciplined asset selection; (4)\u00a0controlled risk exposure; and (5)\u00a0prudent balance sheet management. We also benefit from our Manager\u2019s and its affiliates\u2019 comprehensive financial and administrative infrastructure, including its risk management, financial reporting, legal and compliance teams.\nExtensive Strategic Relationships and Experience of our Manager and its Affiliates\nOur Manager maintains extensive long-term relationships with other financial intermediaries, including primary dealers, leading investment banks, brokerage firms, leading mortgage originators and commercial banks. We believe these relationships enhance our ability to source, finance and hedge investment opportunities and, thus, will enable us to grow in various credit and interest rate environments.\nDisciplined Investment Approach\nWe seek to maximize our risk-adjusted returns through our disciplined investment approach, which relies on rigorous quantitative and qualitative analysis. Our Manager monitors our overall portfolio risk and evaluates the characteristics of our investments in our target assets including, but not limited to, asset type, interest rate, interest rate type, loan balance distribution, geographic concentration, property type, occupancy, loan-to-value ratio and credit score. In addition, with respect to any particular target asset, our Manager\u2019s investment team evaluates, among other things, relative valuation, supply and demand trends, shape of yield curves, prepayment rates, loan delinquencies, default rates and loss severity rates. We believe this strategy and our commitment to capital preservation provide us with a competitive advantage when operating in a variety of market conditions.\nInvestment Strategy\nWe have invested in a diversified pool of mortgage assets that generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our current investment portfolio includes Agency RMBS, non-Agency RMBS, non-Agency CMBS, TBAs, and a commercial mortgage loan. Our assets have also historically included, and may in the future include, Agency CMBS, GSE CRT, residential mortgage loans and other real estate-related investments. We refer to all of these investment types collectively as our target assets. In addition to direct purchases of our target assets, we also invest in ventures managed by an affiliate of our Manager, which, in turn, invest in our target assets. We accept varying levels of interest rate risk by managing our hedge portfolio and accept certain levels of credit and spread risk to earn income.\nAgency RMBS\nAgency RMBS are residential mortgage-backed securities issued by a U.S. government agency such as Ginnie Mae, or a federally chartered corporation such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac (Government Sponsored Enterprises or \u201cGSEs\u201d) that are secured by a collection of mortgages. Payments of principal and interest on Agency RMBS, not the market value of the securities themselves, are guaranteed by the issuer. Agency RMBS differ from other forms of traditional debt securities, which normally provide for periodic payments of interest in fixed amounts with principal payments at maturity or on specified call dates. Instead, Agency RMBS provide for monthly payments of both principal and interest. In effect, these payments are a \n4\nTable of Contents\n\u201cpass-through\u201d of scheduled and unscheduled principal payments and the monthly interest payments made by the individual borrowers on the mortgage loans, net of any fees paid to the servicers, guarantors or other related parties of the securities.\nThe principal may be prepaid at any time due to prepayments or defaults on the underlying mortgage loans. These differences can result in significantly greater price and yield volatility than is the case with other fixed-income securities.\nVarious factors affect the rate at which mortgage prepayments occur, including changes in the level and directional trends in housing prices, interest rates, general economic conditions, the age of the mortgage loan, the location of the property, social and demographic conditions, government initiated refinance programs, legislative regulations, and industry capacity. Generally, prepayments on Agency RMBS increase during periods of falling mortgage interest rates and decrease during periods of rising mortgage interest rates. However, this may not always be the case. We may reinvest principal repayments at a yield that is higher or lower than the yield on the repaid investment, thus affecting our net interest income by altering the average yield on our assets.\nIn addition, when interest rates are declining, the value of Agency RMBS with prepayment options may not increase as much as other fixed income securities. The rate of prepayments on underlying mortgages will affect the price and volatility of Agency RMBS and may have the effect of shortening or extending the duration of the security beyond what was anticipated at the time of purchase. When interest rates rise, our holdings of Agency RMBS may experience reduced returns if the owners of the underlying mortgages pay off their mortgages slower than previously anticipated. This is generally referred to as extension risk.\nMortgage pass-through certificates, collateralized mortgage obligations (\u201cCMOs\u201d), Freddie Mac Gold Certificates,\u00a0Fannie Mae Certificates and Ginnie Mae Certificates are types of Agency RMBS that are collateralized by either fixed-rate mortgage loans (\u201cFRMs\u201d), adjustable-rate mortgage loans (\u201cARMs\u201d), or hybrid ARMs. FRMs have an interest rate that is fixed for the term of the loan and do not adjust. The interest rates on ARMs generally adjust annually (although some may adjust more frequently) to an increment over a specified interest rate index. Hybrid ARMs have interest rates that are fixed for a specified period of time (typically three, five, seven or ten years) and, thereafter, adjust to an increment over a specified interest rate index. ARMs and hybrid ARMs generally have periodic and lifetime constraints on how much the loan interest rate can change on any predetermined interest rate reset date. Our allocation of our Agency RMBS collateralized by FRMs, ARMs or hybrid ARMs will depend on various factors including, but not limited to, relative value, expected future prepayment trends, supply and demand, costs of hedging, costs of financing, expected future interest rate volatility and the overall shape of the U.S.\u00a0Treasury and interest rate swap yield curves. We take these factors into account when we make investments. Substantially all of our current investments in Agency RMBS are FRMs.\nNon-Agency CMBS\nNon-Agency CMBS are commercial mortgage-backed securities that are not issued or guaranteed by a U.S.\u00a0government agency or federally chartered corporation. Like Agency CMBS, non-Agency CMBS are securities backed by obligations (including certificates of participation in obligations) that are principally secured by commercial mortgages on real property or interests therein having a multifamily or commercial use, such as regional malls, retail space, office buildings, industrial or warehouse properties, hotels, apartments, nursing homes and senior living facilities.\nNon-Agency CMBS are typically issued in multiple tranches whereby the more senior classes are entitled to priority distributions to make specified interest and principal payments on such tranches. Losses and other shortfalls from expected amounts to be received on the mortgage pool are borne by the most subordinate classes, which receive payments only after the more senior classes have received all principal and/or interest to which they are entitled. The credit quality of non-Agency CMBS depends on the securitization structure and the credit quality of the underlying mortgage loans, which is a function of factors such as the principal amount of loans relative to the value of the related properties, the mortgage loan terms, such as amortization, market assessment and geographic location, construction quality of the property, and the creditworthiness of the borrowers.\nNon-Agency RMBS\nNon-Agency RMBS are residential mortgage-backed securities that are not issued or guaranteed by a U.S. government agency or\u00a0federally chartered corporation. Like Agency RMBS, non-Agency RMBS represent interests in pools of mortgage loans secured by residential real property. The mortgage loan collateral for non-Agency RMBS generally consists of residential mortgage loans that do not conform to U.S.\u00a0government agency or\u00a0federally chartered corporation underwriting guidelines due to certain factors including mortgage balance in excess of such guidelines, borrower characteristics, loan characteristics and level of documentation. Our current investments in non-Agency RMBS are collateralized by prime, jumbo prime and Alt-A mortgage loans. We have also historically invested in non-Agency RMBS collateralized by subprime and reperforming mortgage loans. \n5\nTable of Contents\nPrime and Jumbo Prime Mortgage Loans\nPrime mortgage loans are mortgage loans that generally require borrower credit histories, debt-to-income ratios and loan-to-value ratios similar to those dictated by GSE underwriting guidelines, though in certain cases they may not meet the same income documentation or other requirements. Jumbo prime mortgage loans are mortgage loans with requirements similar to prime mortgage loans except that the mortgage balance exceeds the maximum amount permitted by GSE underwriting guidelines.\nAlt-A Mortgage Loans\nAlt-A mortgage loans are mortgage loans made to borrowers whose qualifying mortgage characteristics do not conform to GSE underwriting guidelines, but whose borrower characteristics may. Generally, Alt-A mortgage loans allow homeowners to qualify for a mortgage loan with reduced or alternative forms of documentation. The credit quality of Alt-A borrowers generally exceeds the credit quality of subprime borrowers.\nSubprime Mortgage Loans\nSubprime mortgage loans are loans that do not conform to GSE underwriting guidelines. Subprime borrowers generally have imperfect or impaired credit histories and low credit scores. \nReperforming Mortgage Loans\nReperforming mortgage loans are residential mortgage loans that have a history of delinquency and may have been restructured since origination. Reperforming mortgage loans may or may not have originally conformed to GSE underwriting guidelines.\u00a0Due to past delinquencies, borrowers generally have impaired credit histories and low credit scores, and may have a greater than normal risk of future delinquencies and defaults.\nWe have also invested in non-Agency RMBS structured as re-securitizations of a real estate mortgage investment conduit (\u201cRe-REMIC\u201d). A Re-REMIC is a transaction in which an existing security or securities is transferred to a special purpose entity that has formed a securitization vehicle that has issued multiple classes of securities secured by and payable from cash flows on the underlying securities. \nTBAs\nTBAs are forward contracts to purchase or sell Agency RMBS. TBAs specify the price, issuer, term and coupon of the securities to be delivered, but the actual securities are not identified until shortly before the TBA settlement date. We generally do not intend to physically settle TBAs that are used for investment purposes.\nCommercial Mortgage Loans\nCommercial mortgage loans are mortgage loans secured by first or second liens on commercial properties such as regional malls, retail space, office buildings, industrial or warehouse properties, hotels, apartments, nursing homes and senior living facilities. These loans, which tend to range in term from two to ten\u00a0years, can carry either fixed or floating interest rates. They generally permit pre-payments before final maturity but may require the payment to the lender of yield maintenance or pre-payment penalties. First lien loans represent the senior lien on a property while second lien loans or second mortgages represent a subordinate or second lien on a property.\nMezzanine Loans\nMezzanine loans are generally structured to represent a senior position in the borrower\u2019s equity in a property, and are subordinate to a first mortgage loan. These loans are generally secured by pledges of ownership interests, in whole or in part, in entities that directly or indirectly own the real property. At times, mezzanine loans may be secured by additional collateral, including letters of credit, personal guarantees, or collateral unrelated to the property. Mezzanine loans may be structured to carry either fixed or floating interest rates as well as carry a right to participate in a percentage of gross revenues and a percentage of the increase in the fair market value of the property securing the loan. Mezzanine loans may also contain prepayment lockouts, penalties, minimum profit hurdles and other mechanisms to protect and enhance returns to the lender. Mezzanine loans usually have maturities that match the maturity of the related mortgage loan but may have shorter or longer terms.\nUnconsolidated Ventures\nWe have investments in unconsolidated ventures. In circumstances where we have a non-controlling interest but we are deemed to be able to exert significant influence over the affairs of the enterprise, we utilize the equity method of accounting. \n6\nTable of Contents\nUnder the equity method of accounting, the initial investment is increased each period for additional capital contributions and a proportionate share of the entity\u2019s earnings and decreased for cash distributions and a proportionate share of the entity\u2019s losses.\nAgency CMBS \nAgency CMBS are structured pass-through certificates representing interests in pools of commercial loans that are secured by commercial property and issued by a U.S. government agency or federally chartered corporation. Types of Agency CMBS include Fannie Mae DUS (Delegated Underwriting and Servicing), Freddie Mac Multifamily Mortgage Participation Certificates, Ginnie Mae project loan pools, and/or CMOs structured from such collateral.\nThe U.S. government agency or federally chartered corporation sources these loans from a network of approved multifamily sellers/servicers and guarantees the timely payment of interest and principal on these investments.\u00a0Unlike single family residential mortgages in which the borrower, generally, can prepay at any time, commercial mortgages frequently limit the ability of the borrower to prepay, thereby providing a certain level of prepayment protection. Common restrictions include yield maintenance (a prepayment premium that allows investors to attain the same yield as if the borrower made all scheduled interest payments up until the maturity date) and prepayment penalties.\nAdditionally, Agency CMBS include Ginnie Mae Construction Loan Certificates (\u201cCLCs\u201d) and the resulting Project Loan Certificates (\u201cPLCs\u201d) when the construction project is complete. The investor in the CLC is committed to fund the full amount of the project; however, actual funding generally occurs monthly as construction progresses on the property. Ginnie Mae guarantees the timely payment of principal and interest on each CLC and PLC. Ginnie Mae CLCs pay interest only during construction, while PLCs pay principal and interest.\u00a0The mortgage loans underlying the PLCs generally contain a lock-out and prepayment penalty period of 10 years.\u00a0Ginnie Mae does not guarantee the payment of prepayment penalties.\nGovernment-Sponsored Enterprises Credit Risk Transfer Securities\nGSE CRTs are structured to provide credit protection to the issuer with respect to defaults and other credit events within pools of mortgage loans secured by single family properties that collateralize Agency RMBS issued and guaranteed by the GSEs or within pools of mortgage loans secured by multifamily properties that collateralize Agency CMBS issued and guaranteed by the GSEs.\u00a0This credit protection is achieved by allowing the GSEs to reduce the outstanding class principal balance of the securities as designated credit events on the loans arise. The GSEs make monthly coupon payments of interest and periodic payments of principal based on prepayments to the holders of the securities.\u00a0To date, all GSE CRTs have paid a floating interest rate benchmarked to one-month London Interbank Offered Rate (\u201cLIBOR\u201d) or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (\u201cSOFR\u201d).\nLoan Participation Interest\n \nIn August 2018, we invested in a loan participation interest in a secured loan to a non-bank servicer that is collateralized by mortgage servicing rights associated with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae loans. Mortgage servicing rights represent the right to perform and control the servicing of mortgage loans in exchange for a fee. We sold our loan participation interest in April 2020. \nFinancing Strategy\nWe have historically used repurchase agreements to finance the majority of our target assets and expect to continue to use repurchase agreements to finance Agency investments in the future. Repurchase agreements are generally settled on a short-term basis, usually from one to six months, and bear interest at rates that are expected to move in close relationship to SOFR. \nWe also used secured loans from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis (\u201cFHLBI\u201d) to finance a portion of our investment portfolio. We repaid our secured loans during 2020 with proceeds from sales of assets that collateralized the secured loans. We terminated our membership in FHLBI in the third quarter of 2020.\nWe have also financed investments through issuances of equity, and may utilize other forms of financing in the future.\nRepurchase Agreements\nRepurchase agreements are financings under which we sell our assets to the repurchase agreement counterparty (the buyer) for an agreed upon price with the obligation to repurchase these assets from the buyer at a future date and at a price higher than the original purchase price. The amount of financing we receive under a repurchase agreement is limited to a specified percentage of the estimated market value of the assets we sell to the buyer. The difference between the sale price and repurchase price is the cost, or interest expense, of financing under a repurchase agreement. Under repurchase agreement \n7\nTable of Contents\nfinancing arrangements, certain buyers require us to provide additional cash collateral in the event the market value of the asset declines to maintain the ratio of value of the collateral to the amount of borrowing.\nLeverage \nWe use leverage on our assets to achieve our return objectives, which are adjusted as our investment and financing opportunities change. The amount of leverage we apply to a given asset depends primarily on the expected price volatility and liquidity of the asset we use as collateral, the type of financing, the advance rate against our collateral and the cost of financing.\u00a0Shorter duration and higher quality liquid assets generally merit higher leverage due to lower price volatility, higher advance rates, and more attractive financing rates. Assets that are less liquid or exhibit higher price volatility tend to be held unlevered or with lower leverage applied. \nWe include a table that shows the allocation of our stockholders' equity to our target assets, our debt-to-equity ratio, and our economic debt-to-equity ratio (a non-GAAP financial measure of leverage) in Part II. Item 7. \u201cManagement's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations\u201d of this Report. \nRisk Management Strategy\nMarket Risk Management\nRisk management is an integral component of our strategy to deliver returns to our stockholders. Because we invest in MBS, investment losses from prepayment, interest rate volatility or other risks can meaningfully impact our earnings and our dividends to stockholders. In addition, because we employ financial leverage in funding our investment portfolio, mismatches in the maturities of our assets and liabilities can create the need to continually renew or otherwise refinance our liabilities. Our results are dependent upon a positive spread between the returns on our asset portfolio and our overall cost of funding. To minimize the risks to our portfolio, we actively employ portfolio-wide and security-specific risk measurement and management processes in our daily operations. Our Manager\u2019s risk management tools include software and services licensed or purchased from third parties, in addition to proprietary software and analytical methods developed by Invesco.\nInterest Rate Risk\nWe engage in a variety of interest rate management techniques that seek to mitigate the influence of interest rate changes on the costs of liabilities and help us achieve our risk management objectives. Specifically, we seek to hedge our exposure to potential interest rate mismatches between the interest we earn on our investments and our borrowing costs caused by fluctuations in short-term interest rates. We may utilize various derivative financial instruments including puts and calls on securities or indices of securities, futures, interest rate swaps and swaptions, interest rate caps, interest rate floors, exchange-traded derivatives, U.S.\u00a0Treasury securities and options on U.S.\u00a0Treasury securities to hedge all or a portion of the interest rate risk associated with the financing of our investment portfolio. Refer to Item 7. \u201cManagement's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Market Conditions\u201d in Part II of this Report for a discussion of our transition away from LIBOR.\nSpread Risk\nWe employ a variety of spread risk management techniques that seek to mitigate the influences of spread changes on our book value per common share and our liquidity to help us achieve our investment objectives. We refer to the difference between interest rates on our investments and interest rates on risk free instruments as spreads. The yield on our investments changes over time due to the level of risk free interest rates, the creditworthiness of the security, and the price of the perceived risk. The change in the market yield of our interest rate hedges also changes primarily with the level of risk free interest rates. We manage spread risk through careful asset selection, sector allocation, regulating our portfolio value-at-risk, and maintaining adequate liquidity. Changes in spreads impact our book value per common share and our liquidity and could cause us to sell assets and to change our investment strategy to maintain liquidity and preserve book value per common share. \nUnprecedented government responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, including fiscal stimulus, monetary policy actions, and various purchase and financing programs have impacted and will continue to impact credit spreads.\n8\nTable of Contents\nCredit Risk\nWe believe that our investment strategy will generally keep our credit losses and financing costs low. However, we retain the risk of potential credit losses on all of our residential and commercial mortgage investments. We seek to manage this risk in part through our pre-acquisition due diligence process. In addition, we re-evaluate the credit risk inherent in our investments on a regular basis pursuant to fundamental considerations such as gross domestic product, unemployment, interest rates, retail sales, store closings/openings, corporate earnings, housing inventory, affordability and regional home price trends. We also review key loan credit metrics including, but not limited to, payment status, current loan-to-value ratios, current borrower credit scores and debt yields. These characteristics assist us in determining the likelihood and severity of loan loss as well as prepayment and extension expectations. We then perform structural analysis under multiple scenarios to establish likely cash flow profiles and credit enhancement levels relative to collateral performance projections. This analysis allows us to quantify our opinions of credit quality and fundamental value, which are key drivers of portfolio management decisions.\nAmid the COVID-19 vaccine program and progress toward controlling the pandemic, the U.S. economy has strengthened despite elevated case counts largely fueled by the Omicron variant. This pick-up in economic activity has translated to improving employment levels and increased activity in residential and commercial real estate. While loan delinquencies remain elevated, they continue to decline from their post-pandemic peak levels. In particular, multi-family and single-family housing have been aided by government support and generous forbearance practices. Further, stimulative monetary policies have helped support real estate activity and property valuations. Despite these positives, many borrowers continue to experience difficulties meeting their obligations or seek to forbear or further forbear payment on their mortgage loans. As a result, loans may continue to experience elevated delinquency levels and eventual defaults, which could impact the performance of our mortgage-backed securities. We also expect credit rating agencies to continue to reassess transactions negatively impacted by these adverse changes, which may result in our investments being downgraded. \nLiquidity Risk\nWe engage in a variety of liquidity management techniques to mitigate the risk of volatility in the marketplace, which may bring significant security price fluctuations, associated margin calls, changing cash needs, and variability in counterparty financing terms.\u00a0We perform statistical analysis to measure and quantify our required liquidity needs under multiple scenarios and time horizons.\u00a0Liquidity in the form of cash, unencumbered assets and future cash inflows is consistently monitored and evaluated versus internal targets. \nForeign Exchange Rate Risk\nWe have an investment in an unconsolidated joint venture whose net assets and results of operations are exposed to foreign currency translation risk when translated in U.S. dollars upon consolidation. We seek to hedge our foreign currency exposures by purchasing currency forward contracts.\nInvestment Guidelines\nOur board of directors has adopted the following investment guidelines:\n\u2022\nno investment shall be made that would cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes;\n\u2022\nno investment shall be made that would cause us to be regulated as an investment company under the 1940 Act;\n\u2022\nour assets will be invested within our target assets;\u00a0and\n\u2022\nuntil appropriate investments can be identified, our Manager may pay off short-term debt, or invest the proceeds of any offering in interest-bearing, short-term investments, including funds that are consistent with maintaining our REIT qualification.\nThese investment guidelines may be changed from time to time by our board of directors without the approval of our stockholders.\nInvestment Committee\nOur investment committee is comprised of certain of our officers and certain of our Manager\u2019s investment professionals. The investment committee periodically reviews our investment portfolio for risk characteristics, investment performance, liquidity, portfolio composition, leverage and other applicable items. It also reviews its compliance with our investment policies and procedures, including our investment guidelines, and our Manager provides our board of directors an investment performance report at the end of each quarter in conjunction with its review of our quarterly results. \n9\nTable of Contents\nInvestment Process\nOur Manager\u2019s investment team has a strong focus on asset selection and on the relative value of various sectors within the mortgage market. Our Manager utilizes this expertise to build a diversified portfolio. Our Manager incorporates its views on the economic environment and the outlook for the mortgage market, including relative valuation, supply and demand trends, the level of interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, prepayment rates, financing and liquidity, housing prices, delinquencies, default rates and loss severity rates of various collateral types.\nOur investment process includes sourcing and screening investment opportunities, assessing investment suitability, conducting interest rate and prepayment analysis, evaluating cash flow and collateral performance, reviewing legal structure and servicer and originator information and investment structuring, as appropriate, to ensure an attractive return commensurate with the risk we are bearing. Upon identification of an investment opportunity, the investment will be screened and monitored by our Manager to determine its impact on maintaining our REIT qualification and our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act. We make investments in sectors where our Manager has strong core competencies and where we believe market risk and expected performance can be reasonably quantified.\nOur Manager evaluates each of our investment opportunities based on its expected risk-adjusted return relative to the returns available from other, comparable investments. In addition, we evaluate new opportunities based on their relative expected returns compared to assets held in our portfolio. The terms of any leverage available to us for use in funding an investment purchase are also taken into consideration, as are any risks posed by illiquidity or correlations with other assets in the portfolio. Our Manager also develops a macro outlook with respect to each target asset class by examining factors in the broader economy such as gross domestic product, interest rates, unemployment rates and availability of credit, among other factors. Our Manager analyzes fundamental trends in the relevant target asset class sector to adjust or maintain its outlook for that particular target asset class. These macro decisions guide our Manager\u2019s assumptions regarding model inputs and portfolio allocations among target assets. Additionally, our Manager conducts extensive diligence with respect to each target asset class by, among other things, examining and monitoring the capabilities and financial wherewithal of the parties responsible for the origination, administration and servicing of relevant target assets.\nCompetition\nOur net income depends, in large part, on our ability to acquire assets at favorable spreads over our borrowing costs. In acquiring our investments, we compete with other REITs, specialty finance companies, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, financial institutions, governmental bodies and other entities. In addition, there are numerous REITs with similar asset acquisition objectives. These other REITs increase competition for the available supply of mortgage assets suitable for purchase. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than we are, have access to greater capital and other resources and may have other advantages over us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than we can. Market conditions may attract more competitors, which may increase the competition for sources of financing. An increase in the competition for sources of financing could adversely affect the availability and cost of financing.\nWe have access to our Manager\u2019s professionals and their industry expertise, which we believe provides us with a competitive advantage. These professionals help us assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for certain potential investments. These relationships enable us to compete more effectively for attractive investment opportunities. Despite certain competitive advantages, we may not be able to achieve our business goals or expectations due to the competitive risks that we face. For additional information concerning these competitive risks, refer to Item 1A. \u201cRisk Factors\u00a0\u2014 Risks Related to Our Investments\u201d. We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. Competition may limit our ability to acquire desirable investments in our target assets, and could also affect the pricing of these securities.\nOur Corporate Information\nOur principal executive offices are located at 1555 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 1800, Atlanta, Georgia 30309. Our telephone number is (404)\u00a0892-0896. We file current and periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and other information at www.sec.gov. We make available free of charge on our corporate website, www.invescomortgagecapital.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished under Section\u00a013(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information on our website is not intended to form a part of or be incorporated by reference into this Report.\n10\nTable of Contents", "item1a": ">Item\u00a01A.\u00a0Risk Factors. \nSet forth below are the material risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our securities. Additional risks not presently known, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and trading price of our securities.\nRisk Factor Summary\nInvesting in our capital stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all information in this Report before investing in our capital stock. These risks are discussed more fully in the section of this Report titled \u201cRisk Factors.\u201d These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks related to the following:\n\u2022\nthe economic and operational impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including, but not limited to, the impact on the value, volatility, availability, financing and liquidity of target assets;\n\u2022\nour business and investment strategy, including, but not limited to, the concentration of our investments, competition for our target assets and our use of repurchase financing and leverage;\n\u2022\nour investment portfolio and expected investments, including, but not limited to, the risks inherent in various mortgage-related investments and the priority of our investments;\n\u2022\ngeneral volatility of financial markets and the effects of governmental responses, including actions and initiatives of the U.S. governmental agencies and changes to U.S. government policies in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, mortgage loan forbearance and modification programs, interest rate fluctuations, increases in inflation, actions and initiatives of foreign governmental agencies and central banks, monetary policy actions of the Federal Reserve, including actions relating to its agency mortgage-backed securities portfolio, and our ability to respond to and comply with such actions, initiatives and changes;\n\u2022\nthe availability of financing sources, including our ability to obtain additional financing arrangements and the terms of such arrangements;\n\u2022\nfinancing and advance rates for our target assets;\n\u2022\nchanges to our expected leverage;\n\u2022\nour intention and ability to pay dividends;\n\u2022\nthe potential interest rate mismatches between our target assets and our borrowings used to fund such investments;\n\u2022\nthe adequacy of our cash flow from operations and borrowings, and our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet our short-term liquidity needs;\n\u2022\nthe impact of changes in the credit rating of the U.S. government;\n\u2022\nchanges in interest rates and interest rate spreads and the market value of our target assets;\n\u2022\nchanges in prepayment rates on our target assets;\n\u2022\nthe impact of any deficiencies in loss mitigation of third parties and related uncertainty in the timing of collateral disposition;\n\u2022\nour reliance on third parties in connection with services related to our target assets;\n\u2022\ndisruption of our information technology systems;\n\u2022\nthe impact of potential data security breaches or other cyber-attacks or other disruptions; \n\u2022\nthe effects of hedging instruments on our target assets, including, but not limited to, the degree to which our hedging strategies may or may not protect us from interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate volatility;\n\u2022\nrates of default or decreased recovery rates on our target assets;\n\u2022\nmodifications to whole loans or loans underlying securities;\n\u2022\nthe degree to which derivative contracts expose us to contingent liabilities;\n\u2022\ncounterparty defaults;\n\u2022\nour ability to comply with financial covenants in our financing arrangements;\n\u2022\nchanges in governmental regulations, including in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and changes in zoning, insurance, eminent domain and tax law and rates, and similar matters and our ability to respond to such changes;\n\u2022\nour ability to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes;\n\u2022\nour ability to maintain our exception from the definition of \u201cinvestment company\u201d under the 1940 Act;\n11\nTable of Contents\n\u2022\nthe availability of investment opportunities in mortgage-related, real estate-related and other securities;\n\u2022\nthe availability of U.S. Government Agency guarantees with regard to payments of principal and interest on securities;\n\u2022\nthe market price and trading volume of our capital stock;\n\u2022\nthe availability of qualified personnel from our Manager, and our Manager\u2019s continued ability to find and retain such personnel;\n\u2022\nour dependence upon, and the relationship with, our Manager;\n\u2022\nour ability to continue to generate taxable income and our ability to continue to make distributions to our stockholders in the future;\n\u2022\nthe accuracy of our estimates relating to fair value of our target asset\ns and interest income recognition;\n\u2022\nour understanding of our competition;\n\u2022\nthe impact of changes to U.S. GAAP; \n\u2022\nthe adequacy of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting; and \n\u2022\nmarket trends in our industry, interest rates, real estate values, the debt securities markets or the general economy.\nRisks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic\nThe COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and will likely continue to adversely affect, the U.S. and global economies, the mortgage REIT industry and our business.\nThe COVID-19 pandemic and the related preventative measures continue to cause significant disruptions to the U.S. and global economies and have contributed to volatility in financial markets. While economic activity has recovered sharply since the significant disruption experienced at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic; the pace, timing and strength of the economic recovery going forward is still unknown and difficult to predict as the COVID-19 pandemic continues.\nDuring the first and second quarters of 2020, we experienced significant declines in the value of our target assets as well as adverse developments with respect to the cost and terms of financing available to us, and received margin calls, default notices and deficiency letters from certain of our financing counterparties well in excess of historical norms. Related sales of the securities and other assets that secured our repurchase and other financing arrangements may have been on terms less favorable to us than might otherwise be available in a regularly functioning market. We expect over the near and long term that the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic may impact the financial condition of the mortgage loans and mortgage loan borrowers underlying the residential and commercial securities and loans that we own and, as a result, the number of borrowers who become delinquent or default on their loans may increase. Elevated levels of delinquency or default could have an adverse impact on the value of our mortgage-related assets. In addition to residential mortgage-related assets, the adverse economic conditions could negatively impact tenants on our commercial property assets, resulting in potential delinquencies, defaults or declines in asset values. The continued effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could also negatively impact the availability of our Manager's key personnel necessary to conduct our business.\nIn response to the conditions created by the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. government has implemented unprecedented financial support and relief measures to reinforce the economy and the continued functioning of the financial markets. However, the success of such measures cannot be predicted, and we can offer no assurance that these programs will be effective, sufficient or otherwise have a positive impact on our business. Moreover, certain actions taken by U.S. or other governmental authorities, including the Federal Reserve, that are intended to ameliorate the macroeconomic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may harm our business.\nOur inability to access funding or the terms on which funding is available could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, particularly because of potential market dislocations resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.\nOur\n ability to fund our operations, meet financial obligations and finance asset acquisitions may be impacted by an inability to secure and maintain our repurchase agreements with counterparties. Because repurchase agreements are short-term commitments of capital, repurchase agreement counterparties may respond to market conditions in a manner that makes it more difficult for us to renew or replace, on a continuous basis, maturing short-term financings, and have and may continue to impose less favorable conditions when rolling such financings. If we are not able to renew or roll our repurchase agreements or arrange for new financing on terms acceptable to us, or if we default on our financial covenants, are otherwise unable to access funds under our financing arrangements, or if we are required to post more collateral or face larger haircuts on our financings, we may have to dispose of assets at significantly lower prices and at inopportune times, which could cause significant losses, and may also force us to limit our asset acquisition activities. \nIssues\n related to financing are heightened in times of significant volatility in the financial markets, such as those experienced in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. It is possible that our financing counterparties will become unwilling \n12\nTable of Contents\nor unable to provide us with financing, and we could be forced to sell our assets at a time when prices are depressed or markets are illiquid, which could cause significant losses. In addition, if the regulatory capital requirements imposed on our financing counterparties change, they may be required to significantly increase the cost of the financing that they provide to us, or to increase the amounts of collateral they require as a condition to providing us with financing. Our financing counterparties also have revised, and may continue to revise, their eligibility requirements for the types of assets that they are willing to finance based on, among other factors, the regulatory environment and their management of actual and perceived risk. \nMoreover, the amount of financing that we receive under our repurchase agreements will be directly related to our counterparties\u2019 valuation of our assets that collateralize the outstanding repurchase agreement financing. Typically, repurchase agreements grant the repurchase agreement counterparty the absolute right to reevaluate, at any time, the fair market value of the assets that cover the amount financed under the repurchase agreement. If a repurchase agreement counterparty determines in its sole discretion that the value of the assets subject to the repurchase agreement financing has decreased, it has the right to initiate a margin call. These valuations may be different than the values that we ascribe to these assets and may be influenced by recent asset sales at distressed levels by forced sellers. A margin call requires us to transfer additional assets to a repurchase agreement counterparty without any advance of funds from the counterparty for such transfer or to repay a portion of the outstanding repurchase agreement financing. We would also be required to post additional collateral if haircuts increase under a repurchase agreement. In these situations, we could be forced to sell assets at significantly depressed prices to meet such margin calls or increased haircuts and to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause significant losses.\nAs\n a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we observed a mark-down of a portion of our mortgage assets by the counterparties to our financing arrangements, resulting in us having to post cash or securities to satisfy higher than historical levels of margin calls. Significant margin calls had and could have in the future a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business, liquidity and ability to make distributions to our stockholders, and caused and could cause in the future the value of our common stock to decline. We have been and may be in the future required to sell assets at significantly depressed prices to meet such margin calls and to maintain adequate liquidity. If these conditions occur, it will continue to have a negative adverse impact on our liquidity.\nOur ability to make distributions to our stockholders has been and may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.\nThe\n declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends on shares of common stock will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors. The payment of dividends may be more uncertain during severe market disruption in the mortgage, real estate or related sectors, such as those experienced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. \nWe have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant changes in our portfolio during times of severe market disruption in the mortgage, real estate or related sectors, such as those experienced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.\nConsistent with market conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken and may continue to take steps to manage our portfolio through unprecedented market volatility and preserve long-term stockholder value, including completing various transactions to reposition our portfolio. Stockholders may not agree with, nor are required to consent to, significant changes to our portfolio.\nThe COVID-19 pandemic has created an uncertain and volatile interest rate environment, which could adversely affect our business.\nThe COVID-19 pandemic has created an uncertain and volatile interest rate environment and general fixed income patterns have deviated widely from historical trends, which have and may continue to adversely affect our business. We have experienced historically larger spreads to benchmark rates in the repurchase markets for certain target assets and, in some cases, availability of repurchase financing has been limited or not available. Further, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, significant government programs, stimulus plans, as well as government purchase and finance programs, have had and will continue to have an impact on interest rates and fair values of fixed income assets. It is unclear what the impact of these actions will be and how long they will continue to drive the interest rate environment. Given the combination of government programs, volatile interest rates, and other disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, it has become more difficult to predict prepayment levels for the securities in our portfolio. Actual prepayment results may be materially different than the assumptions we use. We use interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to interest rate movements on our liabilities; however, it is unlikely that these interest rate swaps will cover all risk, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and business.\nMarket disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have made it more difficult for us to determine the fair value of our investments and may cause a decline in such fair value.\nAs\n discussed in Note 2 and Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, market-based inputs are generally the preferred source of values for measuring the fair value of many of our assets under \n13\nTable of Contents\nU.S. GAAP. In the absence of market inputs, U.S. GAAP permits the use of management assumptions to measure fair value. However, market volatility and disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertainty regarding its ultimate impact and duration could make it more difficult for our management to formulate assumptions to measure the fair value of certain of our assets.\nThe fair value of certain of our investments may fluctuate over short periods of time, and our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these investments existed. The value of our common stock and preferred stock, results of operations, our financial condition and business could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of these investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon their disposal.\nDuring\n the year \nended December 31, 2020\n, we experienced a significant amount of realized and unrealized losses on our assets. A future decline in the fair value of our investments as a result of the COVID-19 \npandemic \nmay require us to recognize an impairment under U.S. GAAP if we were to determine that, with respect to any assets in unrealized loss positions, we do not have the ability and intent to hold such assets to maturity or for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery to their original acquisition cost. If such a determination were to be made, we would recognize unrealized losses through earnings and write down the amortized cost of such assets to a new cost basis, based on the fair value of such assets on the date they are considered to be impaired. Such impairment charges reflect non-cash losses at the time of recognition. The subsequent disposition or sale of such assets could further affect our future losses or gains, as they are based on the difference between the sale price received and adjusted amortized cost of such assets at the time of sale. If we experience a decline in the fair value of our investments, it could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, stock price and ability to make distributions to our stockholders.\nMeasures intended to prevent the spread of COVID-19 could disrupt our operations.\nIn\n response to the outbreak of COVID-19 and the federal and state mandates implemented to control its spread, the majority of our Manager\u2019s employees are working remotely. If our Manager\u2019s employees are unable to work effectively as a result of the COVID-19 \npandemic\n, including because of illness, quarantines, office closures, ineffective remote work arrangements or technology failures or limitations, our operations would be adversely impacted. Further, remote work arrangements may increase the risk of cyber-security incidents and cyber-attacks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, due to, among other things, the loss of investor or proprietary data, interruptions or delays in the operation of our business and damage to our reputation.\nWe may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters.\nThe\n occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, such as COVID-19, or other widespread health emergency (or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency), terrorist attacks or natural disasters, could create economic and financial disruptions, and could lead to material adverse declines in the market values of our assets, illiquidity in our investment and financing markets and negative impacts on our ability to effectively conduct our business.\nRisks Related to Our Investments \nDifficult conditions in the mortgage, residential and commercial real estate markets may cause us to experience market losses related to our investments.\nOur results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the mortgage market, the residential and commercial real estate markets, the financial markets and the economy generally. Concerns about the mortgage market and real estate market, as well as rises in inflation, energy costs, geopolitical events and the availability and cost of credit, contribute to market volatility. Any deterioration of the real estate market may cause us to experience losses related to our assets and to sell assets at a loss.\nDeclines in the market values of our investments may adversely affect our results of operations and credit availability, which may reduce earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, a decline in market values of our investments will reduce our book value per common share and have an adverse impact on our stock price. \nBecause assets we acquire may experience periods of illiquidity, we may lose profits or be prevented from earning capital gains if we cannot sell mortgage-related assets at an opportune time. \nWe bear the risk of being unable to dispose of our assets at advantageous times or in a timely manner because mortgage-related assets generally experience periods of illiquidity. As a result, our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be relatively limited, which may cause us to incur losses. \n14\nTable of Contents\nIn addition, assets that comprise a portion of our investment portfolio may not be publicly traded. These securities may be less liquid than publicly traded securities. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need or desire arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments. As a result, our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be relatively limited, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. \nOur investments may be concentrated and will be subject to risk of default. \nWhile we seek to diversify our portfolio of investments, we are not required to observe any specific diversification criteria, except as may be set forth in the investment guidelines and Investment Company Act of 1940 Compliance Policy adopted by our board of directors. Therefore, our investments in our target assets may at times be concentrated in certain types of securities, property types that are subject to higher risk of foreclosure, or secured by properties concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations. To the extent that our portfolio is concentrated in any one region or type of security, downturns relating generally to such region or type of security may result in defaults on a number of our investments within a short time period, which may reduce our net income and the value of our capital stock and accordingly reduce our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and business. \nWe acquire certain target assets that are subject to defaults, foreclosure timeline extension, fraud, residential and commercial price depreciation, and unfavorable modification of loan principal amount, interest rate and amortization of principal, which could result in losses to us. \nMortgage-backed securities are secured by mortgage loans (primarily pools of single-family residential property loans for RMBS and single commercial mortgage loans or pools of commercial mortgage loans for CMBS). Our MBS investments are subject to all the risks of the respective underlying mortgage loans, including risks of defaults, foreclosure timeline extension, fraud, price depreciation and unfavorable modification of loan principal amount, interest rate and amortization of principal. \nA number of factors over which we have no control may impair a borrower\u2019s ability to repay a mortgage loan secured by a residential property, including the income and assets of the borrower.\nCommercial mortgage loans are secured by multifamily or commercial property and are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure, and risks of loss that may be greater than similar risks associated with loans made on the security of single-family residential property. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property typically is dependent primarily upon the successful operation of such property, which can be affected by a number of factors over which we have no control, rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower\u2019s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. \nIn the event of any default under a mortgage loan held directly by us, we bear a risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations. In the event of defaults on the mortgage loans that underlie our investments and the exhaustion of any underlying or any additional credit support, we may not realize our anticipated return on our investments and we may incur a loss on these investments causing an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and business. \nOur investments may include from time-to-time non-Agency RMBS collateralized by Alt-A and subprime mortgage loans, which are subject to increased risks. \nOur investments include non-Agency RMBS backed by collateral pools of mortgage loans known as \u201cAlt-A mortgage loans,\u201d or \u201csubprime mortgage loans.\u201d These loans have been originated using underwriting standards that are less restrictive than those used in underwriting \u201cprime mortgage loans.\u201d These include mortgage loans made to borrowers having imperfect or impaired credit histories, mortgage loans where the amount of the loan at origination is 80% or more of the value of the mortgaged property, mortgage loans made to borrowers who have other debt that represents a large portion of their income and mortgage loans made to borrowers whose income is not required to be disclosed or verified. Due to economic conditions, a decline in home prices, and aggressive lending practices, many Alt-A and subprime mortgage loans originated before the 2008 financial crisis experienced rates of delinquency, foreclosure, bankruptcy and loss that were higher than those experienced by mortgage loans underwritten in a more traditional manner. Thus, because of the higher delinquency rates and losses associated with many Alt-A and subprime mortgage loans, the performance of non-Agency RMBS backed by Alt-A and subprime mortgage loans in which we invest could be correspondingly adversely affected, which could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and business.\n15\nTable of Contents\nOur subordinated MBS assets may be in the \u201cfirst loss\u201d position, subjecting us to greater risks of loss.\nWe may invest in certain tranches of MBS that are only entitled to a portion of the principal and interest payments made on mortgage loans underlying the securities issued by the trust. In general, losses on a mortgage loan included in a RMBS trust will be borne first by the equity holder of the issuing trust if any, and then by the \u201cfirst loss\u201d subordinated security holder and then by the \u201csecond loss\u201d subordinate holder and so on. For non-Agency CMBS assets, losses on a mortgaged property securing a mortgage loan included in a securitization will typically be borne first by the equity holder of the property, then by a cash reserve fund or letter of credit, if any, then by the holder of a mezzanine loan or B-Note, if any, then by the \u201cfirst loss\u201d subordinated security holder (generally, the \u201cB-Piece\u201d buyer) and then by the holder of a more senior security.\nWe may acquire securities at every level of such a trust, from the equity position to the most senior tranche. In the event of default and the exhaustion of any classes of securities junior to those which we acquire, our securities will suffer losses as well. In addition, if we overvalue the underlying mortgage portfolio, or if the values subsequently decline and, as a result, less collateral is available to satisfy interest and principal payments due on the related MBS, the securities which we acquire may effectively become the \u201cfirst loss\u201d position ahead of the more senior securities, which may result in significant losses. The prices of lower credit quality securities are generally less sensitive to interest rate changes than more highly rated securities, but more sensitive to adverse economic downturns or individual issuer developments. A projection of, or an actual, economic downturn could cause a decline in the value of lower credit quality securities because the ability of obligors of mortgages underlying MBS to make principal and interest payments may be impaired. In such an event, existing credit support in the securitization structure may be insufficient to protect us against loss of our principal on these securities.\nFluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect the value of our investments and cause our interest expense to increase, which could result in reduced earnings, decreased profitability and dividends, and diminished cash available for distribution to our stockholders. \nInterest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. Interest rate fluctuations present a variety of risks including the risk of a narrowing of the difference between asset yields and borrowing rates, a decline in the yield on adjustable rate investments, and a detrimental impact on prepayment rates and may adversely affect our income and the value of our assets and capital stock. \nWe invest in RMBS, CMBS, mortgage loans and other financing arrangements that are subject to risks related to interest rate fluctuations. Fluctuations in short- or long-term interest rates could have adverse effects on our operations and financial condition, which may negatively affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Fluctuations in interest rates could impact us as follows:\n\u2022\nIf long-term rates increased significantly, the market value of our fixed-rate investments in our target assets would decline, and the duration and weighted average life of the investments may increase. We could realize a loss if the securities were sold. Further, declines in market value may reduce our book value per common share and ultimately reduce earnings or result in losses to us. \n\u2022\nAn increase in short-term interest rates would increase the amount of interest owed on the repurchase agreements we enter into to finance the purchase of our investments.\n\u2022\nIf short-term interest rates rise disproportionately relative to longer-term interest rates (a flattening of the yield curve), our borrowing costs may increase more rapidly than the interest income earned on our assets. Because we expect our investments, on average, generally will bear interest based on longer-term rates than our borrowings, a flattening of the yield curve would tend to decrease our net income. Additionally, to the extent cash flows from investments that return scheduled and unscheduled principal are reinvested, the spread between the yields on the new investments and available borrowing rates may decline, which would likely decrease our net income. \n\u2022\nIf short-term interest rates exceed longer-term interest rates (a yield curve inversion), our borrowing costs may exceed our interest income and we could incur operating losses.\n\u2022\nIf interest rates fall, we may recognize losses on our derivative financial instruments that are not offset by gains on our assets, which may adversely affect our liquidity and financial position.\nIn a period of rising interest rates, our operating results will depend in large part on the difference between the income from our assets and costs of financing. We anticipate that, in most cases, the income from such assets will respond more slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. Consequently, changes in interest rates, particularly short-term interest rates, may significantly influence our net income. Increases in these rates will tend to decrease our net income and the market value of our assets and may negatively affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders.\nIn addition, market values of our investments may decline without any general increase in interest rates for a number of reasons, such as increases or expected increases in defaults, or increases or expected increases in voluntary prepayments for those investments that are subject to prepayment risk or widening of credit spreads, which may negatively affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. \n16\nTable of Contents\nAn increase in interest rates may cause a decrease in the availability of certain of our target assets which could adversely affect our ability to acquire target assets that satisfy our investment objectives and to generate income and pay dividends. \nRising interest rates generally reduce the demand for mortgage loans due to the higher cost of borrowing. A reduction in the volume of mortgage loans originated may affect the volume of target assets available to us, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire assets that satisfy our investment objectives. Rising interest rates may also cause our target assets that were issued before an interest rate increase to provide yields that are below prevailing market interest rates. If rising interest rates cause us to be unable to acquire a sufficient volume of our target assets with a yield that is above our borrowing cost, our ability to satisfy our investment objectives and to generate income and pay dividends may be materially and adversely affected. \nPrepayment rates may adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio.\nPools of residential mortgage loans underlie the RMBS that we acquire. In the case of residential mortgage loans, there are seldom any restrictions on borrowers\u2019 ability to prepay their loans. We generally receive prepayments of principal that are made on these underlying mortgage loans. When borrowers prepay their mortgage loans faster than expected, the prepayments on the RMBS are also faster than expected. Faster than expected prepayments could adversely affect our profitability, including in the following ways: \n\u2022\nWe may purchase RMBS that have a higher interest rate than the market interest rate at the time. In exchange for this higher interest rate, we may pay a premium over the par value to acquire the security. In accordance with U.S.\u00a0GAAP, we may amortize this premium over the estimated term of the RMBS. If the RMBS is prepaid in whole or in part before its maturity date, however, we may be required to expense the premium that was prepaid at the time of the prepayment. \n\u2022\nA substantial portion of our adjustable-rate RMBS may bear interest rates that are lower than their fully indexed rates, which are equivalent to the applicable index rate plus a margin. If an adjustable-rate RMBS is prepaid before or soon after the time of adjustment to a fully indexed rate, we will have held that RMBS while it was least profitable and lost the opportunity to receive interest at the fully indexed rate over the remainder of its expected life. \n\u2022\nIf we are unable to acquire new RMBS at similar yields to the prepaid RMBS, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow would suffer. Prepayment rates generally increase when interest rates fall and decrease when interest rates rise, but changes in prepayment rates are difficult to predict. Prepayment rates also may be affected by conditions in the housing and financial markets, general economic conditions and the relative interest rates on FRMs and ARMs. \nWhile we seek to minimize prepayment risk to the extent practical, in selecting investments we must balance prepayment risk against other risks and the potential returns of each investment. No strategy can completely insulate us from prepayment risk.\nMarket conditions may upset the historical relationship between interest rate changes and prepayment trends, which would make it more difficult for us to analyze our investment portfolio. \nOur success depends in part on our ability to analyze the impact of changing interest rates on prepayments of the mortgage loans that underlie our investments. Changes in interest rates and prepayments affect the market price of target assets. As part of our overall portfolio risk management, we analyze interest rate changes and prepayment trends separately and collectively to assess their effects on our investment portfolio. In conducting our analysis, we depend on certain assumptions based upon historical trends with respect to the relationship between interest rates and prepayments under normal market conditions. If dislocations in the mortgage market or other developments change the way that prepayment trends respond to interest rate changes, our ability to (1)\u00a0assess the market value of our investment portfolio, (2)\u00a0implement our hedging strategies, and (3)\u00a0utilize techniques to reduce our prepayment rate volatility would be significantly affected, which could materially adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. \nChanges in the LIBOR calculation or the discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect the amount of interest receivable on our commercial loan investment as well as our dividends on our Series B preferred stock and Series C preferred stock. These changes may also impact the market liquidity and market value of our commercial loan investment and our Series B and Series C preferred stock.\nThe U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (\u201cFCA\u201d), which regulates LIBOR announced on March 5, 2021 that it will cease to publish the overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-month U.S. dollar (\u201cUSD\u201d) LIBOR settings on July 1, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (\u201cARRC\u201d), the U.S. working group tasked with assisting in the industry wide transition away from LIBOR, has supported the FCA\u2019s announcement of USD LIBOR cessation and has recommended the market adopt SOFR. To accelerate the transition away from LIBOR, the Federal Reserve Board, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued joint supervisory guidance to cease entering into new contracts referencing USD LIBOR after December 31, 2021 (note there are limited exceptions related to derivative product \n17\nTable of Contents\nuse). We, similar to the broader industry, are transitioning away from LIBOR to alternative risk-free rates, such as SOFR. We continue to actively monitor and adjust our LIBOR transition strategy and timeline as necessary. Switching existing financial instruments from LIBOR to SOFR requires calculations of a spread. There is no assurance that the calculated spread will be fair and accurate or that all financial instruments will use the same spread.\nWe have an investment in a commercial loan indexed to LIBOR that is scheduled to mature in 2022. In addition, our 7.75% Fixed-to-Floating Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and our 7.50% Fixed-to-Floating Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock each begin to pay a USD LIBOR-based rate at the time the stock becomes callable. Our Series B and Series C Preferred Stock are governed by New York state law that provides for USD LIBOR-linked contracts to transition to an alternative reference rate. We do not currently intend to amend our 7.75% Fixed-to-Floating Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock or our 7.50% Fixed-to-Floating Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock to change the existing USD LIBOR cessation fallback language. \nThe Federal conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and related efforts, along with any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between these agencies and the U.S. Government, may adversely affect our business.\nThe payments of principal and interest we receive on our Agency MBS, which depend directly upon payments on the mortgages underlying such securities, are guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or Ginnie Mae. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are U.S. Government-sponsored entities, or GSEs, but their guarantees are not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States (although the FHFA largely controls their actions through its conservatorship of the two GSEs). Ginnie Mae is part of a U.S. Government agency and its guarantees are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States.\u00a0\nAlthough the U.S. Government has undertaken several measures to support the positive net worth of the GSEs since the financial crisis, there is no guarantee of continuing capital support, if such support were to become necessary. Despite the steps taken by the U.S. Government, GSEs could default on their guarantee obligations which would materially and adversely affect the value of our Agency MBS. Accordingly, if these government actions are inadequate in the future and the GSEs were to suffer losses, be significantly reformed, or cease to exist, our business, operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.\nThe future roles of the GSEs may be reduced (perhaps significantly) and the nature of their guarantee obligations could be limited relative to historical measurements. Alternatively, it is possible that the GSEs could be dissolved entirely or privatized, and, as mentioned above, the U.S. Government could determine to stop providing liquidity support of any kind to the mortgage market. Any changes to the nature of the GSEs or their guarantee obligations could redefine what constitutes an Agency MBS and could have broad adverse implications for the market and our business, operations and financial condition. If Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac were eliminated or their structures were to change, limiting or removing the guarantee obligation, we could be unable to acquire additional Agency MBS and our existing Agency MBS could be materially and adversely impacted.\nAll of the foregoing could negatively affect the availability, credit spreads, and value of Agency MBS; our ability to obtain financing on our Agency MBS; or our ability to maintain our compliance with the terms of any financing transactions, which could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and business.\nWe operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities and competition may limit our ability to acquire desirable investments in our target assets and could also affect the pricing of these securities. \nWe operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. Our profitability depends, in large part, on our ability to acquire our target assets at attractive prices. We compete with a variety of institutional investors, including other REITs, and many of our competitors are substantially larger and may have considerably greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that may not be available to us. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT tax compliance or maintenance of an exemption from the 1940 Act. Furthermore, competition for investments in our target assets may lead to the price of such assets increasing, which may further limit our ability to generate desired returns. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, as a result of this competition, desirable investments in our target assets may be limited in the future, and we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time.\nWe may not control the special servicing of the mortgage loans included in the CMBS in which we invest, and, in such cases, the special servicer may take actions that could adversely affect our interests. \nWith respect to each series of CMBS in which we invest, overall control over the special servicing of the related underlying mortgage loans is held by a \u201cdirecting certificate holder\u201d or a \u201ccontrolling class representative,\u201d which is appointed by the holders of the most subordinate class of CMBS in such series. Depending on the class of CMBS in which we invest, we may not have the right to appoint the directing certificate holder. In connection with the servicing of the specially serviced \n18\nTable of Contents\nmortgage loans, the related special servicer may, at the direction of the directing certificate holder, take actions with respect to the specially serviced mortgage loans that could adversely affect our interests and have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and business. \nDue diligence of potential assets may not reveal all of the liabilities associated with such assets and may not reveal other weaknesses in such assets, which could lead to losses.\nBefore making an asset acquisition, we will assess the strengths and weaknesses of the originator or issuer of the asset as well as other factors and characteristics that are material to the performance of the asset. In making the assessment and otherwise conducting customary due diligence, we will rely on resources available to us, including third party loan originators and servicers. This process is particularly important with respect to newly formed originators or issuers because there may be little or no information publicly available about these entities and assets. There can be no assurance that our due diligence process will uncover all relevant facts or that any asset acquisition will be successful, which could lead to losses in the value of our portfolio.\nWe depend on third-party service providers, including mortgage servicers, for a variety of services related to our RMBS. We are, therefore, subject to the risks associated with third-party service providers.\nWe depend on a variety of services provided by third-party service providers related to our RMBS. We rely on the mortgage servicers who service the mortgage loans backing our RMBS to, among other things, collect principal and interest payments and administer escrow accounts on the underlying mortgages and perform loss mitigation services. If a servicer is not vigilant in seeing that borrowers make their required monthly payments, borrowers may be less likely to make these payments, resulting in a higher frequency of default. If a servicer takes longer to liquidate non-performing mortgages, our losses related to those loans may be higher than originally anticipated. Any failure by servicers to service these mortgages and/or to competently manage and dispose of properties could negatively impact the value of these investments and our financial performance. Further, the foreclosure process, especially in judicial foreclosure states such as New York, Florida and New Jersey, can be lengthy and expensive, and the delays and costs involved in completing a foreclosure and liquidating such property through sale may materially increase any related loss.\nOur commercial loans held-for-investment include investments that involve greater risks of loss than senior loan assets secured by income-producing properties. \nWe have acquired in the past and may acquire in the future mezzanine loans, which take the form of subordinated loans secured by second mortgages on the underlying property or loans secured by a pledge of the ownership interests of either the entity owning the property or the entity that owns the interest in the entity owning the property. These types of assets involve a higher degree of risk than long-term senior mortgage lending secured by income-producing real property because the loan may become unsecured as a result of foreclosure by the senior lender. When an entity providing the pledge of its ownership interests as security goes bankrupt, we may not have full recourse to the assets of such entity, or the assets of the entity may not be sufficient to satisfy our mezzanine loan. If a borrower defaults on our mezzanine loan or debt senior to our loan, or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan will be satisfied only after the senior debt. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our initial expenditure. In addition, mezzanine loans may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the property and increasing the risk of loss of principal.\nIn addition, we may acquire commercial loans structured as preferred equity investments. These investments involve a higher degree of risk than conventional debt financing due to a variety of factors, including their non-collateralized nature and subordinated ranking to other loans and liabilities of the entity in which such preferred equity is held. Accordingly, if the issuer defaults on our investment, we would only be able to proceed against such entity in accordance with the terms of the preferred security, and not against any property owned by such entity. Furthermore, in the event of bankruptcy or foreclosure, we would only be able to recoup our investment after all lenders to, and other creditors of, such entity are paid in full. As a result, we may lose all or a significant part of our investment, which could result in significant losses.\nWe may acquire B-Notes, mortgage loans typically (i)\u00a0secured by a first mortgage on a single large commercial property or group of related properties and (ii)\u00a0subordinated to an A-Note secured by the same first mortgage on the same collateral. As a result, if a borrower defaults, there may not be sufficient funds remaining for B-Note holders after payment to the A-Note holders. Further, B-Notes typically are secured by a single property and reflect the risks associated with significant concentration.\nSignificant losses related to our commercial loans held for investment would result in operating losses for us and may limit our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders.\n19\nTable of Contents\n\u00a0\nA decline in the market value of our mortgage-backed securities may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.\n \nAll of our mortgage-backed securities are reported at fair value. Changes in the market values of these assets impact our stockholders\u2019 equity, and declines in market value adversely affect our book value per common share. Moreover, if the decline in value of an available-for-sale security requires an increase in our provision for credit losses, such decline will reduce our earnings. For a discussion of how we determine our provision for credit losses, see Note 2 - \u201cSummary of Significant Accounting Policies\u201d of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV of this Report.\nCertain mortgage-backed securities are recorded at estimated fair value and, as a result, there is uncertainty as to the value of these investments. \nSome of our mortgage-backed securities are in the form of securities that are not publicly or actively traded. The fair value of such securities may not be readily determinable. We value these investments quarterly at fair value, which may include unobservable inputs. Because such valuations are subjective, the fair value of certain of our assets may fluctuate over short periods of time and our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. The value of our stockholders' equity could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of these investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon their disposal. \nIf our Manager underestimates the collateral loss on our investments, we may experience losses. \nOur Manager values our potential investments based on loss-adjusted yields, taking into account estimated future losses on the mortgage loans that collateralize the investments, and the estimated impact of these losses on expected future cash flows. Our Manager\u2019s loss estimates may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. If our Manager underestimates losses relative to the price we pay for a particular investment, we may experience losses or a lower yield than expected. \nIf we foreclose on an asset, we may come to own and operate the property securing the loan, which would expose us to the risks inherent in that activity.\nWhen we foreclose on an asset, we may take title to the property securing that asset, and if we do not or cannot sell the property, we would then come to own and operate it as \u201creal estate owned.\u201d Owning and operating real property involves risks that are different (and in many ways more significant) than the risks faced in owning an asset secured by that property. In addition, we may end up owning a property that we would not otherwise have decided to acquire directly at the price of our original investment or at all. We may not manage these properties as well as they might be managed by another owner, and our returns to investors could suffer. If we foreclose on and come to own property, our financial performance and returns to stockholders could suffer.\nLiability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of properties that we may acquire or foreclose on and may impact the owner's ability to make payments on loans related to the property.\nIf we acquire or foreclose on properties with respect to which we have extended mortgage loans, we may be subject to environmental liabilities arising from such foreclosed properties. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real property may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released on its property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances.\nThe presence of hazardous substances may adversely affect an owner\u2019s ability to sell real estate or use real estate as collateral when borrowing. To the extent that an owner of a property underlying one of our debt investments becomes liable for removal costs, the ability of the owner to make payments to us may be reduced, which in turn may adversely affect the value of the relevant mortgage asset held by us and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. If we acquire any properties, the presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to sell the property and we may incur substantial remediation costs, thus harming our financial condition. The discovery of material environmental liabilities attached to such properties could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders.\n20\nTable of Contents\nRisks Related to Financing and Hedging \nWe use leverage in executing our business strategy, which may adversely affect the return on our assets, reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders and/or increase losses when economic conditions are unfavorable. \nWe use leverage to finance our assets through borrowings from repurchase agreements and other secured and unsecured forms of borrowing. The amount of leverage we may deploy for particular assets will depend upon our Manager\u2019s assessment of the credit and other risks of those assets and is limited by our debt covenants. \nOur access to financing depends upon a number of factors over which we have little or no control, including: \n\u2022\ngeneral market conditions; \n\u2022\nthe lender\u2019s view of the quality of our assets, valuation of our assets and our liquidity;\n\u2022\nthe lender\u2019s perception of our growth potential;\n\u2022\nregulatory requirements;\n\u2022\nour current and potential future earnings and cash distributions;\u00a0and \n\u2022\nthe market price of the shares of our capital stock. \nAny weakness or volatility in the financial markets, the residential and commercial mortgage markets or the economy generally could adversely affect the factors listed above. In addition, such weakness or volatility could adversely affect one or more of our lenders and could cause one or more of our lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or to increase the costs of that financing. Some of our target assets may be more difficult to finance than others and the market for such financing can change based on many factors over which we have little or no control. \nTo the extent that market conditions prevent us from leveraging our assets or cause the cost of our financing to increase relative to the income that can be derived from the assets acquired, the return on our assets and cash available for distribution to our stockholders may be reduced. Our financing costs will reduce cash available for distributions to stockholders. We may not be able to meet our financing obligations, and, to the extent that we cannot, we risk the loss of some or all of our assets to liquidation or sale to satisfy the obligations. \nWe depend on repurchase agreement financing to acquire our target assets, and our inability to access this funding on acceptable terms could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business.\nWe use repurchase agreement financing as a strategy to increase the return on our assets. \nOur ability to fund our target assets may be impacted by our ability to secure repurchase agreement financing on acceptable terms. We can provide no assurance that lenders will be willing or able to provide us with sufficient financing. In addition, because repurchase agreements are short-term commitments of capital, lenders may respond to market conditions, making it more difficult for us to secure continued financing. During certain periods of the credit cycle, lenders may curtail their willingness to provide financing. This may require us to liquidate collateral to satisfy funding requirements. In addition, if major market participants were to exit the repurchase agreement financing business, the value of our portfolio could be negatively impacted, thus reducing our stockholders' equity, or book value per common share. Furthermore, if many of our current or potential lenders are unwilling or unable to provide us with repurchase agreement financing, we could be forced to sell our assets at an inopportune time when prices are depressed. In addition, if the regulatory capital requirements imposed on our lenders change, they may be required to significantly increase the cost of the financing that they provide to us. Our lenders also may revise their eligibility requirements for the types of assets they are willing to finance or the terms of such financings, based on, among other factors, the regulatory environment and their management of perceived risk, particularly with respect to assignee liability.\nThe inherent uncertainty of repurchase transactions may cause us to incur a loss on our repurchase transactions. \nWhen we engage in repurchase transactions, we generally sell securities to lenders (repurchase agreement counterparties) and receive cash from these lenders. The lenders are obligated to resell the same securities back to us at the end of the term of the transaction. Because the cash we receive from the lender when we initially sell the securities to the lender is less than the value of those securities (this difference is the haircut), if the lender defaults on its obligation to resell the same securities back to us we may incur a loss on the transaction equal to the amount of the haircut (assuming there was no change in the value of the securities). As of December\u00a031, 2021, no counterparty held collateral that exceeded the amounts borrowed under the related repurchase agreements by more than $70.1 million, or 5% of our stockholders\u2019 equity. We may incur a loss on a repurchase transaction if the value of the underlying securities has declined as of the end of the transaction term, as we would have to repurchase the securities for their initial value but would receive securities worth less than that amount. Further, if we default on \n21\nTable of Contents\none of our obligations under a repurchase transaction, the lender can terminate the transaction and refrain from entering into any other repurchase transactions with us. Some of our repurchase agreements contain cross-default provisions, so that if a default occurs under any one agreement, the lenders under our other agreements could also declare a default. Any losses we incur on our repurchase transactions could adversely affect our earnings and thus our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. \nThe repurchase agreements and other financing arrangements that we use to finance our investments may require us to provide additional collateral and may restrict us from leveraging our assets as fully as desired.\nThe amount of financing we receive, or may in the future receive, under our repurchase agreements and other financing arrangements, is directly related to the lenders\u2019 valuation of the assets that secure the outstanding borrowings. Lenders under our repurchase agreements typically have the absolute right to reevaluate the market value of the assets that secure outstanding borrowings at any time. If a lender determines in its sole discretion that the value of the assets has decreased, it has the right to initiate a margin call or increase collateral requirements, even if we believe that the decrease in value is temporary including as a result of market volatility. Either decision would require us to transfer additional assets to such lender without any advance of funds from the lender or to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings. Any such margin call or increased collateral requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business, liquidity and ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, and could cause the value of our capital stock to decline. We may be forced to sell assets at significantly depressed prices to meet such margin calls and to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause us to incur losses. Moreover, to the extent we are forced to sell assets at such time, given market conditions, we may be selling at the same time as others facing similar pressures, which could exacerbate a difficult market environment and which could result in our incurring significantly greater losses on our sale of such assets. In an extreme case of market duress, a market may not even be present for certain of our assets at any price. Such a situation would likely result in a rapid deterioration of our financial condition and possibly necessitate a filing for bankruptcy protection.\nFurther, financial institutions providing the repurchase facilities may require us to maintain a certain amount of cash uninvested or to set aside non-levered assets sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position which would allow us to satisfy our collateral obligations. As a result, we may not be able to leverage our assets as fully as desired, which could reduce our return on stockholders' equity. If we are unable to meet these collateral obligations, our financial condition could deteriorate rapidly.\nA failure to comply with covenants in our repurchase agreements and other financing arrangements would have a material adverse effect on us, and any future financings may require us to provide additional collateral or pay down debt. \nWe are subject to various covenants contained in our existing financing arrangements and may become subject to additional covenants in connection with future financings. Many of our master repurchase agreements require us to maintain compliance with various financial covenants, including a minimum tangible net worth, specified financial ratios (such as total debt to total assets) and financial information delivery obligations. These covenants may limit our flexibility to pursue certain investments or incur additional debt. If we fail to meet or satisfy any of these covenants, we would be in default under these agreements, and our lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral and/or enforce their interests against existing collateral. We may also be subject to cross-default and acceleration rights and, with respect to collateralized debt, the posting of additional collateral and foreclosure rights upon default. Further, this could also make it difficult for us to satisfy the distribution requirements necessary to maintain our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. \nOur use or future use of repurchase agreements to finance our target assets may give our lenders greater rights if either we or a lender files for bankruptcy. \nOur borrowings or future borrowings under repurchase agreements for our target assets may qualify for special treatment under the U.S.\u00a0Bankruptcy Code. This would give our lenders the ability to avoid the automatic stay provisions of the U.S.\u00a0Bankruptcy Code and to take possession of and liquidate the assets that we have pledged under their repurchase agreements, without delay, if we file for bankruptcy. Furthermore, the special treatment of repurchase agreements under the U.S.\u00a0Bankruptcy Code may make it difficult for us to recover our pledged assets if a lender party to such agreement files for bankruptcy. \nWe enter into hedging transactions that could expose us to contingent liabilities in the future. \nPart of our investment and financing strategy involves entering into hedging transactions that could require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (such as the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or the decision by a counterparty to request margin securities it is contractually owed under the terms of the hedging instrument). The amount due would be equal to the unrealized loss of the open positions with the respective counterparty and could also include other fees and charges. Such economic losses would be reflected in our results of operations, and our ability \n22\nTable of Contents\nto fund these obligations would depend on the liquidity of our assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations could adversely impact our financial condition. \nHedging may adversely affect our earnings, which could reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders.\nWe pursue various hedging strategies to seek to reduce our exposure to adverse changes in interest rates on our liabilities and currency exchange rates. Our hedging activity varies in scope based on the level and volatility of interest rates, currency exchange rates, the type of assets held and other changing market conditions. Hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect our earnings because, among other things: \n\u2022\ninterest rate and/or currency hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of volatile markets; \n\u2022\navailable interest rate hedges may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought; \n\u2022\nthe duration of the hedges may not match the duration of the liabilities; \n\u2022\nthe amount of income that a REIT may earn from hedging transactions (other than hedging transactions that satisfy certain requirements of the Internal Revenue Code or that are done through a taxable REIT subsidiary (\u201cTRS\u201d)) to offset interest rate losses is limited by U.S.\u00a0federal tax provisions governing REITs; \n\u2022\nthe credit quality of the hedging counterparty owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction;\u00a0and \n\u2022\nthe hedging counterparty owing money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay. \nIn addition, the enforceability of agreements underlying hedging transactions may depend on compliance with applicable statutory and commodity and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. Any actions taken by regulators could constrain our investment strategy and could increase our costs, either of which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. \nWe may enter into derivative contracts that expose us to contingent liabilities, and those contingent liabilities may not appear on our balance sheet. We may invest in synthetic securities, credit default swaps, and other credit derivatives, which expose us to additional risks. \nWe have entered into, and may again in the future enter into, derivative contracts that could require us to make cash payments in certain circumstances. Potential payment obligations would be contingent liabilities and may not appear on our balance sheet. Our ability to satisfy these contingent liabilities depends on the liquidity of our assets and our access to capital and cash. The need to fund these contingent liabilities could adversely impact our financial condition. \nWe may invest in synthetic securities, credit default swaps, and other credit derivatives that reference other real estate securities or indices. These investments may present risks in excess of those resulting from the referenced security or index. These investments are typically a contractual relationship with counterparties and not an acquisition of a referenced security or other asset. In these types of investments, we have no right to directly enforce compliance with the terms of the referenced security or other assets and we have no voting or other consensual rights of ownership with respect to the referenced security or other assets. In the event of insolvency of a counterparty, we will be treated as a general creditor of the counterparty and will have no claim of title with respect to the referenced security. \nThe markets for these types of investments may not be liquid. Many of these investments incorporate \u201cpay as you go\u201d credit events. For example, the terms of credit default swaps are still evolving and may change significantly, which could make it more difficult to assign such an instrument or determine the \u201closs\u201d under the underlying agreement. In a credit default swap, the party wishing to \u201cbuy\u201d protection will pay a premium. When interest rates, spreads or the prevailing credit premiums on credit default swaps change, the amount of the termination payment due could change by a substantial amount. In an illiquid market, the determination of this change could be difficult to ascertain and, as a result, we may not achieve the desired benefit of entering into this contractual relationship. \nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we have no outstanding credit default swaps. We may over time enter into these types of investments as the market for them evolves and during times when acquiring other real estate loans and securities may be difficult. We may find credit default swaps and other forms of synthetic securities to be a more efficient method of providing exposure to target investments. Our efforts to manage the risk associated with these investments, including counterparty risks, may prove to be insufficient in enabling us to generate the returns anticipated.\nIt may be uneconomical to \n\u201c\nroll\n\u201d\n Agency MBS TBA holdings, or we may be unable to meet margin calls on TBA contracts, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.\n We invest in Agency MBS TBA securities as an alternate means of gaining exposure to the Agency MBS market. A TBA contract is an agreement to purchase or sell, for future delivery, an Agency MBS with a specified issuer, term and coupon. A TBA dollar roll is a transaction where two TBA contracts with the same terms but different settlement dates are simultaneously \n23\nTable of Contents\nbought and sold. The price difference between those two contracts is commonly referred to as the \u201cdrop\u201d and is a reflection of the expected net interest income from an investment in similar Agency mortgage-backed securities, net of an implied financing cost, which would be foregone as a result of settling the contract in the later month rather than in the earlier month. Accordingly, TBA dollar roll income generally represents the economic equivalent of the net interest income earned on the underlying Agency mortgage-backed security less an implied financing cost. Consequently, dollar roll transactions and such forward purchases of Agency securities represent a form of off-balance sheet financing and increase our \u201cat risk\u201d leverage. \nThe economic return of a TBA dollar roll generally equates to interest income on a generic TBA-eligible security less an implied financing cost, and there may be situations in which the implied financing cost exceeds the interest income, resulting in negative carry on the position. If we roll our TBA dollar roll positions when they have a negative carry, the positions would decrease net income and amounts available for distributions to stockholders.\nThere may be situations in which we are unable or unwilling to roll our TBA dollar roll positions. The TBA transaction could have a negative carry or otherwise be uneconomical, we may be unable to find counterparties with whom to trade in sufficient volume, or we may be required to collateralize the TBA positions in a way that is uneconomical. Because TBA dollar rolls represent implied financing, an inability or unwillingness to roll has effects similar to any other loss of financing. If we do not roll our TBA positions before the settlement date, we would have to take delivery of the underlying securities and settle our obligations for cash. We may not have sufficient funds or alternative financing sources available to settle such obligations. Counterparties may also make margin calls as the value of a generic TBA-eligible security (and therefore the value of the TBA contract) declines. Margin calls on TBA positions, or failure to roll TBA positions, could have the effects described in the liquidity risks described above.\nRisks Related to Our Company \nMaintaining 1940 Act exclusions for our subsidiaries imposes limits on our operations, and failure to maintain an exclusion could have a material negative impact on our operations.\nWe conduct our operations so that neither we, nor our operating partnership, IAS Operating Partnership LP (the \u201cOperating Partnership\u201d), nor the subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership are required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. \nSection\u00a03(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We believe neither we nor our Operating Partnership will be considered an investment company under Section\u00a03(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act. Rather, through our Operating Partnership\u2019s wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, we and our Operating Partnership will be primarily engaged in the non-investment company businesses of these subsidiaries, namely the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring real property, mortgages and other interests in real estate.\nSection\u00a03(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of the issuer\u2019s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the 40% test. Excluded from the term \u201cinvestment securities,\u201d among other things, are U.S. government securities and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company set forth in Section\u00a03(c)(1) or Section\u00a03(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. \nWe are a holding company that conducts business through the Operating Partnership and the Operating Partnership\u2019s wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries. Both we and the Operating Partnership conduct our operations so that we comply with the 40% test. Accordingly, the securities issued by these subsidiaries that are excepted from the definition of \u201cinvestment company\u201d under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities the Operating Partnership may own, may not have a value in excess of 40% of the value of the Operating Partnership's total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Compliance with the 40% test limits the types of businesses in which we are permitted to engage through our subsidiaries. Furthermore, certain of the Operating Partnership\u2019s current subsidiaries and subsidiaries that we may form in the future intend to rely upon an exception from the definition of investment company under Section\u00a03(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities \u201cprimarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate.\u201d This exception generally requires that at least 55% of a subsidiary\u2019s portfolio must be comprised of qualifying assets and at least 80% of its portfolio must be comprised of qualifying assets and real estate-related assets (and no more than 20% comprised of miscellaneous assets). In analyzing a subsidiary's compliance with Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, we classify investments based in large measure on SEC staff guidance, including no-action letters, and, in the absence of SEC guidance, on our view of what constitutes a qualifying real estate asset and a real estate-related asset.\n24\nTable of Contents\nQualification for an exception from the definition of investment company under the 1940 Act limits our ability to make certain investments. Therefore, the Operating Partnership\u2019s subsidiaries may need to adjust their respective assets and strategy from time-to-time to continue to rely on the exception from the definition of investment company under Section\u00a03(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act. Any such adjustment in assets or strategy is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our business or strategy. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain this exception from the definition of investment company for the Operating Partnership\u2019s subsidiaries intending to rely on Section\u00a03(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act. \nWe may in the future organize one or more subsidiaries that seek to rely on other exceptions from being deemed an investment company under the 1940 Act. Any such subsidiary would need to be structured to comply with any guidance that may be issued by the SEC staff, including no-action letters, and, in the absence of SEC guidance, on our view of what constitutes a qualifying real estate asset and a real estate-related asset.\n There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations governing the 1940 Act status of REITs will not change in a manner that adversely affects our operations or inhibits our ability to pursue our strategies. Any issuance of more specific or different guidance relating to the relevant exemptions and exceptions from the definition of an investment company under the 1940 Act could similarly affect or inhibit our operations. If we, the Operating Partnership or its subsidiaries fail to maintain an exemption from the 1940 Act, we could, among other things, be required to (a)\u00a0change the investments that we hold or the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company, (b)\u00a0effect sales of our assets in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so, or (c)\u00a0register as an investment company. Any of these events could cause us to incur losses and negatively affect the value of our capital stock, the sustainability of our business model, and our ability to pay dividends, which could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price for our shares of capital stock. In addition, if it were established that we were an unregistered investment company, there would be a risk that we would be subject to monetary penalties or injunctive relief imposed by the SEC.\nWe are highly dependent on information systems and systems failures or cyber-attacks could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our capital stock and our ability to pay dividends. \nOur business is highly dependent on third parties\u2019 information systems, including those of our Manager and other service providers. Although our Manager has implemented, and other service providers may implement, various measures to manage risks relating to these types of systems, such measures could prove to be inadequate and, if compromised, the systems could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure confidential information. We do not control the cyber security plans and systems put in place by our Manager and third-party service providers, and such service providers may have limited indemnification obligations to us or our Manager. Any failure or interruption of such systems or cyber-attacks or security breaches could cause delays or other problems in our securities trading activities and financial, accounting and other data processing activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the market price of our capital stock and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. In addition, we also face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the third parties with which we do business or that facilitate our business activities, including clearing agents or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities transactions.\nComputer malware, viruses and computer hacking and phishing attacks have become more prevalent and severe in our industry and may occur on our Manager\u2019s and other service providers\u2019 systems in the future. Cyber-attacks and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats our Manager faces, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target our Manager due to the confidential and sensitive information it holds about its investors, funds, and potential investments. It is difficult to determine what, if any, negative impact may directly result from any specific interruption or cyber-attacks or security breaches of such networks or systems or any failure to maintain the performance, reliability and security of our technical infrastructure. As a result, any computer malware, viruses and computer hacking and phishing attacks may disrupt our normal business operations and expose us to reputational damage and lost business, revenues and profits. Any insurance we maintain against the risk of this type of loss may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or may not apply to circumstances relating to any particular breach or other cyber event.\nWe may repurchase shares of our common stock or other securities from time to time. Share repurchases may negatively impact our compliance with covenants in our financing agreements and regulatory requirements (including maintaining exclusions from the requirements of the 1940 Act\u00a0and qualification as a REIT). Any compliance failures associated with share repurchases could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Share repurchases also may negatively impact our ability to invest in our target assets in the future.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, 18,163,982 shares of common stock were available under our Board-authorized share repurchase program. We may engage in share repurchases from time-to-time through open market purchases, including block purchases or privately negotiated transactions, or under any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 \n25\nTable of Contents\nand 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. Certain of our financing agreements have financial covenants, including covenants related to maintaining a certain level of stockholders' equity, that may be impacted by our share repurchases. In addition, we generally fund share repurchases with interest income or income from the sale of our assets. The sale of assets to fund share repurchases could impact the allocation of our portfolio for purposes of maintaining an exclusion from the requirements of the 1940 Act and could impact our ability to comply with income and asset tests required to qualify as a REIT. The failure to comply with covenants in our financing agreements, to maintain our exemption from the 1940 Act or to qualify as a REIT could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our decision to repurchase shares of our common stock or other securities and reduce our stockholders' equity could adversely affect our competitive position and could negatively impact our ability in the future to invest in assets that have a greater potential return than the repurchase of our common stock.\nRisks Related to Accounting \nThe preparation of our financial statements involves use of estimates, judgments and assumptions, and our financial statements may be materially affected if our estimates prove to be inaccurate. \nFinancial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Different estimates, judgments and assumptions reasonably could be used that would have a material effect on the financial statements, and changes in these estimates, judgments and assumptions are likely to occur from period to period in the future. Significant areas of accounting requiring the application of management\u2019s judgment include, but are not limited to,\u00a0determining the fair value of investment securities and interest income recognition. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently uncertain, and, if they prove to be wrong, we face the risk that charges to income will be required. Any such charges could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities. Refer to Item 7. \u201cManagement\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations\u00a0- Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates\u201d in Part II of this Report for a discussion of the accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to an understanding of our business, financial condition and results of operations.\nChanges in the fair value of our derivatives may result in volatility in our U.S. GAAP earnings. \nWe enter into derivative transactions to reduce the impact that changes in interest rates will have on our net interest margin. Changes in the fair value of our derivatives are recorded in our consolidated statement of operations as \u201cgain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\u201d and may result in volatility in our U.S. GAAP earnings. The total changes in fair value may exceed our consolidated net income in any period or for a full year. Volatility in our net income may adversely affect the price of our capital stock.\nOur reported U.S. GAAP financial results differ from our REIT taxable income, which impacts our dividend distribution requirements. Therefore, our U.S. GAAP results may not be an accurate indicator of future taxable income and dividend distributions.\nGenerally, the cumulative net income we report over the life of an asset will be the same for U.S. GAAP and tax purposes, although the timing of this income recognition over the life of the asset could be materially different.\u00a0Differences exist in the accounting for U.S. GAAP net income and REIT taxable income, which can lead to significant variances in the amount and timing of when income and losses are recognized under these two measures.\u00a0Due to these differences, our reported U.S. GAAP financial results could materially differ from our determination of REIT taxable income, which impacts our dividend distribution requirements. Therefore, our U.S. GAAP results may not be an accurate indicator of future REIT taxable income and dividend distributions. Capital gains and losses in a period may impact REIT taxable income and impact the dividend paid in future periods.\nRisks Related to Our Relationship with Our Manager \nWe are dependent on our Manager and its key personnel for our success. \nWe have no separate facilities and are completely reliant on our Manager. We do not have any employees. Our executive officers are employees of our Manager or one of its affiliates. Our Manager has significant discretion as to the implementation of our investment and operating policies and strategies. Accordingly, we believe that our success depends to a significant extent upon the efforts, experience, diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the executive officers and key personnel of our Manager. The executive officers and key personnel of our Manager evaluate, negotiate, close and monitor our investments; therefore, our success depends on their continued service. The departure of any of the executive officers or key personnel of our Manager who provide management services to us could have a material adverse effect on our performance. In addition, we offer no assurance that our Manager will remain our investment manager or that we will continue to have access to our Manager\u2019s professionals. The initial term of our management agreement with our Manager expired on July\u00a01, 2011. The agreement \n26\nTable of Contents\nautomatically renews for successive one-year terms, and the management agreement is currently in a renewal term. If the management agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to execute our business plan. Moreover, our Manager is not obligated to dedicate certain of its personnel exclusively to us nor is it obligated to dedicate any specific portion of its time to our business. \nThere are conflicts of interest in our relationship with our Manager and Invesco, which could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. \nWe are subject to conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with Invesco and our Manager. Specifically, each of our officers and certain members of our board of directors are employees of our Manager or one of its affiliates. Our Manager and our executive officers may have conflicts between their duties to us and their duties to, and interests in, Invesco. We compete for investment opportunities directly with other client accounts and funds managed by our Manager or Invesco and its subsidiaries. A substantial number of client accounts and funds managed by our Manager have exposure to our target assets. In addition, in the future our Manager may have additional clients or fund products that compete directly with us for investment opportunities. \nOur Manager and our executive officers may choose to allocate favorable investments to other clients of Invesco instead of to us. Further, when there are turbulent conditions in the mortgage markets, distress in the credit markets or other times when we will need focused support and assistance from our Manager, Invesco or entities for which our Manager also acts as an investment manager will likewise require greater focus and attention, placing our Manager\u2019s resources in high demand. In such situations, we may not receive the level of support and assistance that we may have received if we were internally managed or if our Manager did not act as a manager for other entities. Our Manager has investment allocation policies in place where appropriate intended to enable us to share equitably with the other clients and fund products of our Manager or Invesco and its subsidiaries. There is no assurance that our Manager\u2019s allocation policies that address some of the conflicts relating to our access to investment and financing sources will be adequate to address all of the conflicts that may arise. Therefore, we may compete for investment or financing opportunities sourced by our Manager and, as a result, we may either not be presented with the opportunity or have to compete with other clients and fund products of our Manager or clients and fund products of Invesco and its subsidiaries to acquire these investments or have access to these sources of financing. \nOur Manager would have a conflict in recommending our participation in any equity investment it manages. \nOur Manager has a conflict of interest in recommending our participation in any equity investment it manages because the fees payable to it may be greater than the fees payable by us under the management agreement. With respect to equity investments we have made in partnerships managed by an affiliate of our Manager, our Manager has agreed to waive base management fees at the equity investment level to avoid duplication of fees. To address any potential conflict of interest, we require the terms of any equity investment managed by our Manager to be approved by our audit committee consisting of our independent directors. However, there can be no assurance that all conflicts of interest will be eliminated. \nThe management agreement with our Manager was not negotiated on an arm\u2019s-length basis and may not be as favorable to us as if it had been negotiated with an unaffiliated third party, and it may be costly and difficult to terminate. \nOur executive officers and certain members of our board of directors are employees of our Manager or one of its affiliates. Our management agreement with our Manager was negotiated between related parties and its terms, including fees payable, may not be as favorable to us as if it had been negotiated with an unaffiliated third party. \nTermination of the management agreement with our Manager without cause is difficult and costly. Our independent directors review our Manager\u2019s performance and the management fees annually, and the management agreement may be terminated annually upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our independent directors based upon: (1)\u00a0our Manager\u2019s unsatisfactory performance that is materially detrimental to us, or (2)\u00a0a determination that the management fees payable to our Manager are not fair, subject to our Manager\u2019s right to prevent termination based on unfair fees by accepting a reduction of management fees agreed to by at least two-thirds of our independent directors. Additionally, upon such a termination, the management agreement provides that we will pay our Manager a termination fee equal to three times the sum of our average annual management fee during the 24-month period before termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter. These provisions may increase the cost of terminating the management agreement and may adversely affect our ability to terminate our Manager without cause. If the management agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to execute our business plan. \nPursuant to the management agreement, our Manager does not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder and is not responsible for any action of our board of directors in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations. Our Manager maintains a contractual, as opposed to a fiduciary, relationship with us. Under the terms of the management agreement, our Manager, its officers, stockholders, members, managers, partners, directors and personnel, any person controlling or controlled by our Manager and any person providing sub-advisory services to our Manager will not be \n27\nTable of Contents\nliable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our directors, our stockholders or any subsidiary\u2019s stockholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the management agreement, except because of acts constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of their duties under the management agreement, as determined by a final non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction. We have agreed to indemnify our Manager, its officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors and personnel, any person controlling or controlled by our Manager and any person providing sub-advisory services to our Manager with respect to all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims arising from acts of our Manager not constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of duties, performed in good faith in accordance with and pursuant to the management agreement. \nOur board of directors approved very broad investment guidelines for our Manager and does not approve each investment and financing decision made by our Manager. \nOur Manager is authorized to follow very broad investment guidelines. Our board of directors will periodically review our investment guidelines and our investment portfolio but does not, and is not required to, review all of our proposed investments, except that an investment in a security structured or issued by an entity managed by Invesco must be approved by our Audit Committee before such investment may be made. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our board of directors may rely primarily on information provided to them by our Manager. Our Manager has great latitude within the broad parameters of our investment guidelines in determining the types and amounts of target assets and financing arrangements it may decide are attractive investments for us, which could result in investment returns that are substantially below expectations or that result in losses, which would materially and adversely affect our business operations and results. \nRisks Related to Our Capital Stock \nWe have not established a minimum dividend payment level, and we cannot assure our stockholders of our ability to pay dividends in the future. \nWe pay quarterly dividends to our stockholders in an amount such that we distribute all or substantially all of our REIT taxable income in each year, subject to certain adjustments. We have not established a minimum dividend payment level, and our ability to pay dividends may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in this Report. All dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, debt covenants, maintenance of our REIT qualification, applicable provisions of Maryland law and other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. We believe that a change in any one of the following factors and other factors described in the risk factors in this Report could adversely affect our results of operations and impair our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders: \n\u2022\nour ability to make profitable investments; \n\u2022\nmargin calls or other expenses that reduce our cash flow; \n\u2022\ndefaults in our asset portfolio or decreases in the value of our portfolio;\u00a0and \n\u2022\nthe fact that anticipated operating expense levels may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates.\nWe cannot assure our stockholders that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or increases in cash distributions in the future. In addition, some of our distributions may include a return of capital. \nFuture offerings of debt or equity securities that would rank senior to our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. \nWe have shares of Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. If we decide to issue debt or equity securities in the future that would rank senior to our common stock, it is likely that they will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and may result in dilution to owners of our common stock. For example, our preferred shares have a preference on liquidating distributions and a preference on dividend payments that could limit our ability to make a distribution to the holders of our common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. \nHolders of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Thus, holders of our common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. In addition, future issuances and sales of preferred stock on parity to our Series B Preferred Stock or the Series C Preferred Stock, or the perception that such issuances and sales could occur, may also cause prevailing \n28\nTable of Contents\nmarket prices for the Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and our common stock to decline and may adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital in the financial markets at times and prices favorable to us.\nRisks Related to Our Organization and Structure \nCertain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control. \nCertain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the \u201cMGCL\u201d) may have the effect of deterring a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our common stock. Under the MGCL, certain \u201cbusiness combinations\u201d between us and an \u201cinterested stockholder\u201d (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of our then-outstanding voting capital stock) or an affiliate thereof are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Under the statute, our board of directors has, by resolution, exempted business combinations between us and any other person, provided that such business combination is first approved by our board of directors (including a majority of our directors who are not affiliates or associates of such person). \nThe \u201ccontrol share\u201d provisions of the MGCL provide that \u201ccontrol shares\u201d of a Maryland corporation have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding votes entitled to be cast by the acquiror of control shares, our officers and our employees who are also our directors. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. \nThe \u201cunsolicited takeover\u201d provisions of the MGCL permit our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement takeover defenses, some of which (for example, a classified board) we do not yet have. These provisions may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price. \nOur charter also contains a provision whereby we have elected to be subject to the provisions of Title\u00a03, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL relating to the filling of vacancies on our board of directors. \nOwnership limitations may restrict change of control of business combination opportunities in which our stockholders might receive a premium for their shares.\nFor us to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50% in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals during the last half of any calendar year. To preserve our REIT qualification, among other purposes, our charter generally prohibits any person from directly or indirectly owning more than 9.8% in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our capital stock or more than 9.8% in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock. This ownership limitation could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction in which holders of our common stock might receive a premium for their shares over the then-prevailing market price or which holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interests.\nOur authorized but unissued shares of capital stock may prevent a change in our control. \nOur charter authorizes us to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. In addition, our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of our shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue and classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, our board of directors may establish a series of shares of common or preferred stock that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our shares of common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. \nThe change of control conversion feature of our Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock may make it more difficult for a party to acquire us or discourage a party from acquiring us. \nThe change of control conversion feature of our Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing certain change of control transactions under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock, Series B \n29\nTable of Contents\nPreferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price of such stock or that stockholders may otherwise believe is in their best interests. \nWe are the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership and could become liable for the debts and other obligations of our Operating Partnership. \nWe are the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership and directly or indirectly conduct all of our business activities through the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. As the sole general partner, we are liable for our Operating Partnership\u2019s debts and other obligations. Therefore, if our Operating Partnership is unable to pay its debts and other obligations, we will be liable for such debts and other obligations. These obligations could include unforeseen contingent liabilities and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. \nTax Risks\nInvestment in our capital stock has various U.S. federal income tax risks. \nThis summary of certain tax risks is limited to the U.S.\u00a0federal tax risks addressed below. Additional risks or issues may exist that are not addressed in this Report and that could affect the U.S.\u00a0federal income tax treatment of us or our stockholders. \nWe strongly urge you to seek advice based on your particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor concerning the effects of U.S.\u00a0federal, state and local income tax law on an investment in our capital stock and on your individual tax situation. \nOur failure to qualify as a REIT would subject us to U.S. federal income tax and potentially increased state and local taxes, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. \nWe believe that we have been organized and operated, and we intend to continue to operate, in a manner that enables us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which only a limited number of judicial and administrative interpretations exist. Even an inadvertent or technical mistake could jeopardize our REIT status. Our continued qualification as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. \nMoreover, new legislation, court decisions or administrative guidance, in each case possibly with retroactive effect, may make it more difficult or impossible for us to qualify as a REIT. Thus, while we intend to operate so that we will qualify as a REIT, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the possibility of future changes in our circumstances, no assurance can be given that we will so qualify for any particular year.\nIf we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, and we do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we would be required to pay U.S.\u00a0federal income tax at regular corporate income tax rates on our taxable income, which would be determined without a deduction for dividends distributed to our stockholders. In such a case, we might need to borrow money or sell assets to pay our taxes. Our payment of income tax would decrease the amount of our income available for distribution to our stockholders or for investment and could have a significant adverse effect on the value of our stockholders' equity. Furthermore, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, the distribution requirements for REIT qualification would no longer be relevant and could affect our distribution decisions. In addition, unless we were eligible for certain statutory relief provisions, we could not re-elect to qualify as a REIT until the fifth calendar year following the year in which we failed to qualify.\nLegislative, regulatory or administrative changes could adversely affect us or our stockholders.\nLegislative, regulatory or administrative changes could be enacted or promulgated at any time, with either prospective or retroactive effect, and may adversely affect us and/or our stockholders.\nOn December 22, 2017, tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act made significant changes to the U.S. federal income tax rules for taxation of individuals and corporations that may affect our stockholders and may directly or indirectly affect us. Most of the changes applicable to individuals are temporary and apply only to taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, including the 20% deduction generally available to non-corporate taxpayers with respect to REIT dividends that are not capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income. \nFuture changes to the tax laws are possible. In particular, the federal income taxation of REITs may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, administrative or judicial action at any time. \n30\nTable of Contents\nYou are urged to consult with your tax advisor with respect to legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on investment in our stock.\nComplying with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. \nTo qualify as a REIT, we generally must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter at least 75% of the value of our total assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities, and qualifying real estate assets, including certain MBS and certain mortgage loans. The remainder of our investments in securities (other than government securities, securities of our TRSs and qualifying real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, no more than 5% of the value of our assets can consist of the securities of any one issuer (other than government securities, securities of our TRSs and qualifying real estate assets), no more than 20% of the value of our total securities can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs, and no more than 25% of the value of our assets may consist of \u201cnonqualified publicly offered REIT debt instruments.\u201d If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any quarter, we must correct the failure within 30\u00a0days after the end of such calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to dispose of otherwise attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. \nREIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and may require us to incur debt, sell assets or take other actions to make such distributions. \nTo qualify as a REIT, we must distribute dividends equal to at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (including certain items of non-cash income) to our stockholders each calendar year, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. To the extent that we satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100% of our taxable income, including our net capital gain, we will be subject to U.S.\u00a0federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will incur a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which our distributions in any calendar year are less than a minimum amount specified under U.S.\u00a0federal income tax laws. We intend to distribute sufficient dividends to our stockholders to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement and to avoid both corporate income tax and the 4% nondeductible excise tax. \nOur taxable income may be substantially different from our cash flow. Differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash may occur. For example, we may invest in debt instruments requiring us to accrue original issue discount (\u201cOID\u201d) or recognize market discount income that generate taxable income in excess of economic income or in advance of the corresponding cash flow. We may also acquire distressed debt investments that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If amendments to the outstanding debt are \u201csignificant modifications\u201d under applicable Treasury Regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to us in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower, with a gain recognized by us to the extent that the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our cost of purchasing it before modification. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we may be required to take certain amounts in income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on certain financial statements. Finally, we may be required under the terms of the indebtedness that we incur, to use cash received from interest payments to make principal payment on that indebtedness, with the effect that we will recognize income but will not have a corresponding amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders.\nAs a result of the foregoing, we may find it difficult or impossible to meet the REIT distribution requirements in certain circumstances. In such circumstances, we may be required to (1)\u00a0sell assets in adverse market conditions, (2)\u00a0borrow on unfavorable terms, (3)\u00a0distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested or used to repay debt, or (4)\u00a0make a taxable distribution of our shares of common stock to comply with the REIT distribution requirements. Thus, compliance with the REIT distribution requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. \nWe may choose to pay dividends in our own stock, in which case our stockholders may be required to pay income taxes in excess of the cash dividends received. \nUnder IRS Revenue Procedure 2017-45, as a publicly offered REIT, we may give stockholders a choice, subject to various limits and requirements, of receiving a dividend in cash or in common stock of the REIT. As long as at least 20% (modified to 10% under certain subsequent revenue procedures with respect to distributions declared on or after April 1, 2020, and on or before December 31, 2020, or on or after November 1, 2021, and on or before June 30, 2022) of the total dividend is available in cash and certain other requirements are satisfied, the IRS will treat the stock distribution as a dividend (to the extent applicable rules treat such distribution as being made out of the REIT\u2019s earnings and profits). Taxable stockholders receiving stock will be required to include in income, as a dividend, the full value of such stock, to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S.\u00a0stockholder may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends received. If a U.S.\u00a0stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the \n31\nTable of Contents\ndividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S.\u00a0stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S.\u00a0tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our common stock to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. \nOur ownership of and relationship with any TRS that we may form or acquire is subject to limitations, and a failure to comply with the limits could jeopardize our REIT qualification and may result in the application of a 100% excise tax. \nA REIT may own up to 100% of the stock of one or more TRSs. A TRS may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by the parent REIT. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. Overall, no more than 20% of the value of a REIT\u2019s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs at the end of any calendar quarter. In addition, the TRS rules impose a 100% excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm\u2019s length basis. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the TRS limitations or to avoid application of the 100% excise tax discussed above. \nOur domestic TRSs would pay U.S.\u00a0federal, state and local income tax on their taxable income, and their after-tax net income would be available for distribution to us but would not be required to be distributed to us. If we were to organize a TRS as a non-U.S. corporation (or non-U.S. entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes), we may generate income inclusions relating to the earnings of the non-U.S. TRS. Dividends from TRSs and deemed inclusions from non-U.S. TRSs, together with other income that is not treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 75% gross income test, cannot exceed 25% of our gross income in any year \nLiquidation of our assets to repay obligations to our lenders may jeopardize our REIT qualification. \nTo qualify as a REIT, we must comply with requirements regarding our assets and our sources of income. If we are compelled to liquidate our investments to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT.\nCharacterization of the repurchase agreements we enter into to finance our investments as sales for tax purposes rather than as secured borrowing transactions, or the failure of our mezzanine loans to qualify as real estate assets, could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. \nWe have entered into repurchase agreements with a variety of counterparties to finance assets in which we invest. When we enter into a repurchase agreement, we generally sell assets to our counterparty to the agreement and receive cash from the counterparty. The counterparty is obligated to resell the assets back to us at the end of the term of the transaction. We believe that, for U.S.\u00a0federal income tax purposes, we will be treated as the owner of the assets that are the subject of repurchase agreements and that the repurchase agreements will be treated as secured borrowing transactions notwithstanding that such agreements may transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could successfully assert that we did not own these assets during the term of the repurchase agreements, in which case we could fail to qualify as a REIT. \nIn addition, we currently own and may continue to acquire mezzanine loans that are secured by an equity interest in a partnership or an entity disregarded as separate from its owner that directly owns real property. In Revenue Procedure 2003-65, the IRS provided a safe harbor under which a mezzanine loan, if it meets each of the requirements contained in the Revenue Procedure, will be treated by the IRS as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and interest derived from the mezzanine loan will be treated as qualifying mortgage interest for purposes of the 75% gross income test. Although the Revenue Procedure provides a safe harbor on which taxpayers may rely, it does not prescribe rules of substantive tax law. We may acquire or originate mezzanine loans that do not meet all of the requirements for reliance on this safe harbor. The IRS could challenge treatment of such loans as real estate assets for purposes of the REIT asset and gross income tests, and if such a challenge were sustained, we could fail to qualify as a REIT. \nThe tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability to engage in certain transactions, including certain methods of securitizing mortgage loans, which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. \nA REIT\u2019s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We might be subject to this tax if we were to dispose of or securitize loans in a manner that was treated as a sale of the loans for federal income tax purposes. Therefore, to avoid the prohibited transactions tax, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of loans at the REIT level and may limit the structures we utilize for our securitization transactions, even though the sales or such structures might otherwise be beneficial to us. \n32\nTable of Contents\nComplying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. \nThe REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code limit our ability to enter into hedging transactions. To qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy two gross income tests annually. For these purposes, income with respect to certain hedges of interest-rate risk on our liabilities or certain foreign currency risks will be disregarded. Income from other hedges will be non-qualifying income for purposes of both gross income tests. As a result, we might have to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. \nPurchases of mortgages at a discount may affect our ability to satisfy the REIT asset and gross income tests. \nWhether our loan holdings are treated as real estate assets and interest income thereon is treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 75% gross income test depends on whether the loans are adequately secured by real property. If a mortgage loan is secured by both real property and personal property, the value of the personal property exceeds 15% of the value of all property securing such loan, and the value of the real property at the time the REIT commits to make or acquire the loan is less than the highest principal amount (i.e., the face amount) of the loan during the year, interest on the loan will be treated as qualifying income only in proportion to the ratio of the value of the real property at the time the REIT commits to make or acquire the loan to the highest principal amount of the loan during the year. \nOur qualification as a REIT could be jeopardized as a result of our interests in joint ventures or investment funds.\nWe currently own, and may continue to acquire, interests in partnerships or limited liability companies that are joint ventures or investment funds. We may not have timely access to information from such partnerships and limited liability companies related to monitoring and managing our REIT qualification. If a partnership or limited liability company in which we own an interest but do not control takes or expects to take actions that could jeopardize our REIT qualification or require us to pay tax, we may be forced to dispose of our interest in such entity. It is possible that a partnership or limited liability company could take an action which could cause us to fail a REIT gross income or asset test and that we would not become aware of such action in time to dispose of our interest in the partnership or limited liability company or take other corrective action on a timely basis. In that case, we could fail to qualify as a REIT unless we are able to qualify for a statutory REIT \u201csavings\u201d provision, which may require us to pay a significant penalty tax to maintain our REIT qualification.\nWe may be required to report taxable income for certain investments in excess of the economic income we ultimately realize from them.\nWe acquire debt instruments in the secondary market for less than their face amount. The discount at which such debt instruments are acquired may reflect doubts about their ultimate collectability rather than current market interest rates. The amount of such discount will nevertheless generally be treated as \u201cmarket discount\u201d for federal income tax purposes. Accrued market discount is reported as income when, and to the extent that, any payment of principal of the debt instrument is made. If we collect less on the debt instrument than our purchase price plus the market discount we had previously reported as income, we may not be able to benefit from any offsetting loss deductions.\nSome of the debt instruments that we acquire may have been issued with original issue discount. We will be required to report such original issue discount based on a constant yield method and will be taxed based on the assumption that all future projected payments due on such debt instruments will be made. If such debt instruments turn out not to be fully collectible, an offsetting loss deduction will become available only in the later year that uncollectability is provable.\nIn addition, we may acquire debt instruments that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding instrument are \u201csignificant modifications\u201d under the applicable Treasury Regulations, the modified instrument will be considered to have been reissued to us in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower. In that event, we may be required to recognize taxable gain to the extent the principal amount of the modified instrument exceeds our adjusted tax basis in the unmodified instrument, even if the value of the instrument or the payment expectations have not changed. Following such a taxable modification, we would hold the modified loan with a cost basis equal to its principal amount for federal tax purposes.\nFinally, if any debt instruments acquired by us are delinquent as to mandatory principal and interest payments, or in the event payments with respect to a particular instrument are not made when due, we may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest as taxable income as it accrues, despite doubt as to its ultimate collectability. Similarly, we may be required to accrue interest income with respect to debt instruments at its stated rate regardless of whether corresponding cash payments are received or are ultimately collectible. In each case, while we would in general ultimately have an offsetting loss deduction available to us when such interest was determined to be uncollectible, the utility of that deduction could depend on our having taxable income in that later year or thereafter.\n33\nTable of Contents\nEven if we qualify as a REIT, we may face tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. \nEven if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S.\u00a0federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local income, franchise, property and transfer taxes, including mortgage-related taxes. In addition, our domestic TRSs will be subject to federal corporate income tax on their taxable incomes.\nDividends paid by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates that apply to other corporate dividends. \nThe maximum tax rate for \u201cqualified dividends\u201d paid by corporations to individuals is currently 20%. Dividends paid by REITs, however, generally are not \u201cqualified dividends\u201d and generally are treated as ordinary income. For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, non-corporate taxpayers generally will be entitled to a 20% deduction for ordinary REIT dividends received that, combined with the current top individual tax rate of 37%, results in a maximum tax rate of 29.6% on ordinary REIT dividends. The more favorable rates applicable to qualified dividends could cause potential investors who are individuals to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay qualified dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our capital stock. \nDividends paid by REITs may be subject to Medicare tax on net investment income. \nHigh-income U.S. individuals, estates, and trusts will be subject to an additional 3.8% tax on net investment income. For these purposes, net investment income includes dividends and gains from sales of stock. In the case of an individual, the tax will be 3.8% of the lesser of the individuals\u2019 net investment income or the excess of the individuals\u2019 modified adjusted gross income over $250,000 in the case of a married individual filing a joint return or a surviving spouse, $125,000 in the case of a married individual filing a separate return, or $200,000 in the case of a single individual. The 20% deduction for qualified REIT dividends is not taken into account for these purposes.\nTax-exempt stockholders may realize unrelated business taxable income if we generate excess inclusion income. \nIf we acquire REMIC residual interests or equity interests in taxable mortgage pools (in a manner consistent with our REIT qualification) and generate \u201cexcess inclusion income,\u201d a portion of our dividends received by a tax-exempt stockholder will be treated as unrelated business taxable income. Excess inclusion income would also be subject to adverse federal income tax rules in the case of U.S. taxable stockholders and non-U.S. stockholders.\nChanging the nature of our assets may complicate our ability to satisfy the REIT gross income and asset tests.\nWe have large holdings of RMBS that are qualifying assets for purposes of the REIT asset tests and generate interest income that is qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests, but substantially decreased such holdings in 2020. The REIT asset tests do not require that all assets be qualifying assets, nor do the REIT gross income tests require that all income be qualifying income. Our substantial RMBS holdings have given us room to make investments that may not qualify, all or in part, as real estate assets or that may generate income that may not qualify, all or in part, under one or both of the gross income tests. Reductions in our RMBS holdings have reduced our room for non-qualifying assets and income. In addition, if the market value or income potential of real estate-related investments declines as a result of increased interest rates, prepayment rates or other factors, we may need to increase our real estate investments and gross income therefrom and/or liquidate our non-qualifying assets to maintain our REIT qualification or exemption from the 1940 Act.\u00a0If the decline in real estate asset values and/or income occurs quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish.\u00a0This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of certain assets that we may own.\u00a0We may have to make investment decisions that we otherwise would not make absent the REIT and Investment Company Act considerations. Furthermore, we may make investments in which the proper application of the REIT gross income and assets tests may not be clear. Mistakes in classifying assets or income for REIT purposes or in projecting the amount of qualifying and non-qualifying income could cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT.\nOur qualification as a REIT may depend upon the accuracy of legal opinions or advice rendered or given or statements by the issuers of assets we acquire. \nWhen purchasing securities, we may rely on opinions or advice of counsel for the issuer of such securities, or statements made in related offering documents, for purposes of determining, among other things, whether such securities represent debt or equity securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the value of such securities, and the extent to which those securities constitute qualified real estate assets for purposes of the REIT asset tests and produce qualified income for purposes of the 75% gross income test.\u00a0The inaccuracy of any such opinions, advice or statements may adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT.\n34\nTable of Contents\nUncertainty exists with respect to the treatment of our TBAs for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests.\nWhile there is no direct authority with respect to the qualification of TBAs as real estate assets or U.S. government securities for purposes of the 75% asset test or the qualification of income or gains from dispositions of TBAs as gains from the sale of real property (including interests in real property and interests in mortgages on real property) or other qualifying income for purposes of the 75% gross income test, we treat our TBAs under which we contract to purchase to-be-announced Agency MBS (\"long TBAs\") as qualifying assets for purposes of the REIT 75% asset test, and we treat income and gains from our long TBAs as qualifying income for purposes of the 75% gross income test, based on an opinion of counsel substantially to the effect that (i) for purposes of the REIT asset tests, our long TBAs should be treated as \u201creal estate assets,\u201d and (ii) for purposes of the 75% gross income test, any gain recognized by us in connection with the disposition of our long TBAs by offset, including in dollar roll transactions, should be qualifying income. Opinions of counsel are not binding on the IRS, and no assurance can be given that the IRS will not successfully challenge the conclusions set forth in such opinions. In addition, it must be emphasized that the opinion of counsel is based on various assumptions relating to our TBAs and is conditioned upon fact-based representations and covenants made by our management regarding our TBAs. No assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert that such assets or income are not qualifying assets or income. If the IRS were to successfully challenge the opinion of counsel, we could be subject to a penalty tax or we could fail to remain qualified as a REIT if a sufficient portion of our assets consists of TBAs or a sufficient portion of our income consists of income or gains from the disposition of TBAs.\nThere may be tax consequences to any modifications to our hedging transactions and other contracts to replace references to LIBOR.\nOn January 4, 2022 the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and Department of Treasury published the final regulations (\u201cFinal Regulations\u201d) providing guidance on the tax consequences of the discontinuation of LIBOR and certain other interbank offered rates (\u201cIBORs\u201d). Final Regulations, which will be effective March 7, 2022, and Revenue Procedure 2020-44 will treat certain modifications to be deemed non-taxable events. This announcement provides clarity to the market and the Company. We are parties to financial instruments indexed to USD LIBOR. We may have to renegotiate such LIBOR-based instruments to replace references to LIBOR. \nGeneral Risk Factors\nOur business is subject to extensive regulation.\nOur business is subject to extensive regulation by federal and state governmental authorities, self-regulatory organizations, and securities exchanges. We are required to comply with numerous federal and state laws. The laws, rules and regulations comprising this regulatory framework change frequently, as can the interpretation and enforcement of existing laws, rules, and regulations. From time to time, we may receive requests from federal and state agencies for records, documents, and information regarding our policies, procedures, and practices regarding our business activities. We may incur significant ongoing costs to comply with these government regulations.\nThese requirements can and do change as statutes and regulations are enacted, promulgated, amended, and interpreted, and the recent trends among federal and state lawmakers and regulators have been toward increasing laws, regulations, and investigative proceedings concerning the mortgage industry generally. Although we believe that we have structured our operations and investments to comply with existing legal and regulatory requirements and interpretations, changes in regulatory and legal requirements, including changes in their interpretation and enforcement by lawmakers and regulators, could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.\nWe may be adversely affected by the current and future economic, regulatory and other actions of government bodies and their agencies. \nThe U.S. government, Federal Reserve, U.S. Treasury, SEC and other U.S. and foreign governmental and regulatory bodies have taken a number of economic actions and regulatory initiatives from time-to-time designed to stabilize and stimulate the economy and the financial markets, and additional actions and initiatives may occur in the future. While our current exposure to transactions in foreign currencies is limited, uncertainties regarding geopolitical developments can produce volatility in global financial markets, which could have a negative impact on our business in the future. \nThere can be no assurance that, in the long term, actions that governments and regulatory bodies or central banks have taken in the past or may take in the future will improve the efficiency and stability of mortgage or financial markets. To the extent the financial markets do not respond favorably to any of these actions or such actions do not function as intended, our business may be harmed. In addition, because the programs are designed, in part, to improve the markets for certain of our target assets, the establishment of these programs may result in increased competition for attractive opportunities in our target assets or, in the case of government-backed refinancing and modification programs, may have the effect of reducing the revenues associated with certain of our target assets. We cannot predict whether or when additional actions or initiatives to \n35\nTable of Contents\nstabilize and stimulate the economy and the financial markets may occur, and such actions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.\nWe may change any of our strategies, policies or procedures without stockholder consent and make investment decisions with which our stockholders may not agree and/or fail to meet our investment criteria. \nWe may change any of our strategies, policies or procedures with respect to investments, acquisitions, growth, operations, indebtedness, capitalization and distributions at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in an investment portfolio with a different risk profile. Our stockholders will be unable to evaluate the manner in which we invest or the economic merit of our expected investments and, as a result, we may make investment decisions with which our stockholders may not agree. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives. A change in our investment strategy may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk, real estate market fluctuations, rules, regulations and governmental actions. Furthermore, a change in our asset allocation could result in us making investments in asset categories different from those described in this Report. The failure of our management to make investments that meet our investment criteria could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to pay dividends to our stockholders and could cause the value of our capital stock to decline.\nWe may enter into transactions and take certain actions in connection with such transactions that could affect the price of our common stock.\nWe may conduct transactions (including acquisitions) that would offer business and strategic opportunities. In the event of such transactions, we could:\n\u2022\nuse a significant portion of our available cash;\n\u2022\nissue equity securities, which would dilute the current percentage ownership of our stockholders;\n\u2022\nincur substantial debt;\n\u2022\nincur or assume contingent liabilities, known or unknown; and\n\u2022\nincur amortization expenses related to intangibles.\nAny such actions by us could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.\nThe market price and trading volume of our capital stock may be volatile. \nThe market price of our capital stock may be highly volatile and be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume in our capital stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our capital stock declines significantly, our stockholders may be unable to resell their shares at or above the price our stockholders paid for their shares. We cannot assure you that the market price of our capital stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our capital stock are included in the risk factors described in this Report.\nCommon stock eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on our share price. \nWe cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of our common stock, or the availability of shares for future sales, on the market price of our common stock. Further, certain stock change of ownership tests may limit our ability to raise significant amounts of equity capital or could limit our future use of tax losses to offset income tax obligations, which may adversely affect us or our stockholders. \nSales of substantial amounts of common stock or the perception that such sales could occur may adversely affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. Also, we may issue additional shares in public offerings or private placements to make new investments or for other purposes. We are not required to offer any such shares to existing stockholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, it may not be possible for existing stockholders to participate in such future share issuances, which may dilute existing stockholders\u2019 interests in us.  \nInvesting in our capital stock may involve a high degree of risk. \nThe investments we make in accordance with our investment objectives may carry a high amount of risk when compared to alternative investment options, and may lead to volatility or loss of principal. Our investments may be highly speculative and aggressive, and therefore an investment in our capital stock may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. \nA change in market interest rates may cause a material decrease in the market price of our capital stock.\nOne of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell shares of our capital stock is our distribution rate as a percentage of our share price relative to market interest rates. If the market price of our capital stock is based primarily on the earnings and return that we derive from our investments and income with respect to our investments and \n36\nTable of Contents\nour related distributions to stockholders, and not from the market value of the investments themselves, then interest rate fluctuations and capital market conditions are likely to adversely affect the market price of our capital stock. For instance, if market rates rise without an increase in our distribution rate, the market price of our capital stock could decrease as potential investors may require a higher distribution yield or seek other securities paying higher distributions or interest.", "item7": ">Item\u00a07.\u00a0Management\u2019s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.\nThe following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report.\nOverview\nWe are a Maryland corporation primarily focused on investing in, financing and managing mortgage-backed securities (\u201cMBS\u201d) and other mortgage-related assets. Our objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders, primarily through dividends and secondarily through capital appreciation. To achieve this objective, we currently invest in the following:\n\u2022\nResidential mortgage-backed securities (\u201cRMBS\u201d) that are guaranteed by a U.S.\u00a0government agency such as the Government National Mortgage Association (\u201cGinnie Mae\u201d) or a federally chartered corporation such as the Federal National Mortgage Association (\u201cFannie Mae\u201d) or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (\u201cFreddie Mac\u201d) (collectively \u201cAgency RMBS\u201d);\n\u2022\nCommercial mortgage-backed securities (\u201cCMBS\u201d) that are not guaranteed by a U.S.\u00a0government agency or a federally chartered corporation (\u201cnon-Agency CMBS\u201d);\n\u2022\nRMBS that are not guaranteed by a U.S.\u00a0government agency or a federally chartered corporation (\u201cnon-Agency RMBS\u201d);\n\u2022\nTo-be-announced securities forward contracts (\u201cTBAs\u201d) to purchase Agency RMBS;\n\u2022\nCommercial mortgage loans; and\n\u2022\nOther real estate-related financing arrangements.\nWe have also historically invested in the following:\n\u2022\nCMBS that are guaranteed by a U.S.\u00a0government agency such as Ginnie Mae or a federally chartered corporation such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac (collectively \u201cAgency CMBS\u201d);\n\u2022\nCredit risk transfer securities that are unsecured obligations issued by government-sponsored enterprises (\u201cGSE CRT\u201d); and\n\u2022\nResidential mortgage loans.\nWe continuously evaluate new investment opportunities to complement our current investment portfolio by expanding our target assets and portfolio diversification.\nWe conduct our business through our wholly-owned subsidiary, IAS Operating Partnership L.P. (our \u201cOperating Partnership\u201d). We are externally managed and advised by Invesco Advisers, Inc. (our \u201cManager\u201d), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Invesco Ltd. (\u201cInvesco\u201d). \nWe have elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (\u201cREIT\u201d) for U.S.\u00a0federal income tax purposes under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. To maintain our REIT qualification, we are generally required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders annually. We operate our business in a manner that permits our exclusion from the definition of an \u201cInvestment Company\u201d under the 1940 Act. \n40\nTable of Contents\nFactors Impacting Our Operating Results\nOur operating results can be affected by a number of factors and primarily depend on the level of our net interest income and the market value of our assets. Our net interest income, which includes the amortization of purchase premiums and accretion of purchase discounts, varies primarily as a result of changes in market interest rates and prepayment speeds, as measured by the constant prepayment rate (\u201cCPR\u201d) on our assets. Interest rates and prepayment speeds vary according to the type of investment, conditions in the financial markets, competition and other factors, none of which can be predicted with any certainty. The market value of our assets can be impacted by credit spread premiums (yield advantage over U.S. Treasury notes) and the supply of, and demand for, assets in which we invest. \nMarket Conditions\nMacroeconomic factors that affect our business include interest rate spread premiums, governmental policy initiatives, residential and commercial real estate prices, credit availability, consumer personal income and spending, corporate earnings, employment conditions, financial conditions and inflation.\nFinancial conditions eased significantly over the first half of 2021, as markets responded to an encouraging decrease in COVID-19 cases and deaths. However, the easing of conditions peaked at mid-year and tightened during the second half of the year as a resurgence of COVID-19 cases and concerns over large increases in inflation caused investors to turn cautious. These concerns have only increased as we enter the first weeks of 2022, as more aggressive removal of stimulus by the Federal Reserve becomes priced into the market and is reflected in tighter financial conditions. Despite the tighter conditions of the second half of 2021, the equity markets were strong throughout the year, with the S&P 500 Index increasing by 26.9% during 2021, including a gain of 10.6% during the fourth quarter. The NASDAQ gained 21.4% for the year, including an increase of 8.3% during the fourth quarter. Equities\n have dropped sharply to start 2022, however, with the S&P down 5.3% and the NASDAQ down 9.0% through the end of January.\nThe employment picture improved steadily throughout the course of 2021, with gains in nonfarm payrolls averaging 537,000 for the year and 365,000 during the fourth quarter. The unemployment rate also improved markedly, declining from 6.7% at end of 2020 to 3.9% at the end of 2021. Consumer activity was positive during the year, with most of the increases in consumer spending and retail sales skewed towards the first half of the year, as the resurgence in COVID-19 cases and sharp increases in price levels took their toll during the second half of 2021. Consumer confidence measures also reflected this dynamic, showing confidence levels peaking around mid-year before dropping during the second half of 2021.\nInterest rates rose across the yield curve during 2021, as market expectations of increases to the Federal Funds target rate by the Federal Open Market Committee (\n\u201c\nFOMC\n\u201d\n) impacted shorter maturities and increases in inflation affected longer dated maturities. During 2021, the yield on the 2 year Treasury note increased 61 basis points to 0.73%, the yield on the 5 year Treasury increased 90 basis points to 1.26% and the yield on the 10 year Treasury ended the year at 1.51%, up 60 basis points. Most of the rate increases that occurred on the short end of the curve occurred during the fourth quarter, as the 2 year increased 46 basis points during the quarter, reflecting a dramatic repricing of Federal Funds futures contracts caused by an equally dramatic increase in prices. At year-end, the pricing of these contracts reflected an expectation that the FOMC will increase the Federal Funds target rate by approximately 125 basis points by mid-2023 as compared to an expectation of no increases at the end of 2020. Unsurprisingly, interest rate volatility also increased drastically throughout the year, particularly when measured against shorter term interest rates. \nOne of the largest concerns for both the markets and the FOMC during 2021 has been the severe rise in inflation.\n The personal consumption expenditure index ended 2021 with an increase to 4.9% compared to 1.5% at the end of 2020. L\nikewise, commodities also saw significant increases during 2021, with West Texas Intermediate crude oil recording a 58.8% increase and the Commodity Research Bureau commodity index gaining 38.5%. Breakeven rates on U.S Treasury inflation-protected\n securities (\u201cTIPs\u201d)\n, which reflect investors' expectations of future inflation, have broken out to levels not seen in several years. The inflation rate implied by 2 year and 5 year \nTIPs \nwas 3.22% and 2.91%, respectively, at the end of the year.\nCMBS risk premiums increased in the fourth quarter of 2021 due to elevated new issuance, renewed \nCOVID-19 concerns resulting from the Omicron variant, higher inflation and increased interest rate volatility. \nDespite these concerns, the economy continued to show signs of improvement. This pick-up in economic activity has translated to improving employment levels, increased commercial real estate activity and continued property price appreciation. While commercial mortgage loan delinquencies remain elevated across many property types, they continue to decline from their post-pandemic peak levels. The lodging and retail sectors have experienced the highest level of loan delinquencies due to travel restrictions and a severe slowdown in activity. Office, multi-family and industrial property sectors continue to post relatively lower delinquency levels. Loans secured by office properties have benefited from long-term tenant leases and industrial warehouse properties have benefited from growing online shopping, as online retailers have demanded more space to support their fulfillment process.\nThe housing market has staged a robust recovery since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, driven in part by low mortgage rates and tight supply conditions. Demographic trends and changes in housing preferences shaped by the pandemic \n41\nTable of Contents\nhave contributed to solid demand, especially for single family homes. This strength is reflected in rapid home price appreciation, which has only recently begun to moderate. Meanwhile, credit spreads on residential mortgage-backed securities have reversed the widening that occurred in March 2020, but finished 2021 well off the lows reached earlier in the year.\nNevertheless, many individual homeowners have been adversely impacted by the economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. The U.S. government has responded by passing a number of fiscal stimulus measures and relief programs for households and businesses directly or indirectly impacted by the virus. Stimulus payments and the provision of borrower relief including forbearance and loan modifications have substantially reduced borrower defaults and loan losses relative to levels that would have likely occurred without these actions.\nAgency RMBS significantly underperformed over the course of 2021, marking the sector\u2019s worst total return since 2013 and the worst year of performance relative to U.S. Treasuries since 2011. Increased interest rate volatility and elevated market expectations for more restrictive monetary policy were particularly harmful for low coupon 30 year Agency RMBS, which benefited the most from the Federal Reserve\u2019s response to the COVID-19 pandemic.\n \nIn addition, net purchases of $580 billion from the Federal Reserve and nearly $400 billion by commercial banks was mostly offset by heavy supply from mortgage originators, which eclipsed record levels in 2021 reaching approximately $870 billion of net issuance. During the second half of 2021, Agency RMBS performance was negatively impacted by the market\u2019s anticipation that the Federal Reserve\u2019s MBS purchase program would be slowed or stopped in an effort to remove accommodative policies in its fight against inflation. While prepayment speeds remained elevated, premiums on specified pool Agency RMBS fell in 2021 as investor demand for prepayment protection waned given higher mortgage rates.\n \nPrepayment speeds should moderate in the months ahead, as seasonal factors and higher mortgage rates dampen housing and refinancing activity. The dollar roll market for low coupon TBAs continues to be attractive, as implied financing rates remained negative given persistent demand from the Federal Reserve and commercial banks. Overall, we remain cautious on the Agency RMBS sector, as more restrictive monetary policy and worsening supply and demand technicals may weigh on valuations.\nAs we move into 2022, investors are focused first and foremost on the Federal Reserve and how their removal of policy accommodation to fight persistent inflation will impact rates and risk assets. Another concern is the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and how the trajectory of new cases might impact economic activity. These concerns leave us with a cautious outlook for the coming year.\nProposed Changes to LIBOR\nThe FCA, which regulates LIBOR announced on March 5, 2021 that it will cease to publish the overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-month USD LIBOR settings on July 1, 2023. The ARRC, the U.S. working group tasked with assisting in the industry wide transition away from LIBOR, has supported the FCA\u2019s announcement of USD LIBOR cessation and has recommended the market adopt SOFR. To accelerate the transition away from LIBOR, the Federal Reserve Board, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued joint supervisory guidance to cease entering into new contracts referencing USD LIBOR after December 31, 2021 (note there are limited exceptions related to derivative product use). We, similar to the broader industry, are transitioning away from LIBOR to alternative risk-free rates, such as SOFR. We continue to actively monitor and adjust our LIBOR transition strategy and timeline as necessary. Switching existing financial instruments from LIBOR to SOFR requires calculations of a spread. There is no assurance that the calculated spread will be fair and accurate or that all financial instruments will use the same spread. \nWe have an investment in a commercial loan indexed to LIBOR that is scheduled to mature in 2022. In addition, our 7.75% Fixed-to-Floating Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and our 7.50% Fixed-to-Floating Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock each begin to pay a USD LIBOR-based rate at the time the stock becomes callable. Our Series B and Series C Preferred Stock are governed by New York state law that provides for USD LIBOR-linked contracts to transition to an alternative reference rate for contracts. We do not currently intend to amend our 7.75% Fixed-to-Floating Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock or our 7.50% Fixed-to-Floating Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock to change the existing USD LIBOR cessation fallback language. \nThe Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued accounting guidance that provides optional expedients and exceptions to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions impacted by LIBOR transition if certain criteria are met. \nThe guidance can be applied through December 31, 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we transitioned our interest rate swaps that were indexed to LIBOR to interest rate swaps that are indexed to SOFR in a manner that allowed us to qualify for contract modification relief and maintain the same accounting for and presentation of interest rate swaps that was in place prior to modification.\n42\nTable of Contents\nInvestment Activities\nThe table below shows the breakdown of our investment portfolio as of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020:\n$ in thousands\nAs of December 31,\n2021\n2020\nAgency RMBS:\n30 year fixed-rate, at fair value\n7,701,523\u00a0\n8,050,866\u00a0\nAgency CMO, at fair value\n30,757\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nNon-Agency CMBS, at fair value\n62,909\u00a0\n109,583\u00a0\nNon-Agency RMBS, at fair value\n9,070\u00a0\n11,733\u00a0\nCommercial loan, at fair value\n23,515\u00a0\n23,098\u00a0\nInvestments in unconsolidated ventures\n12,476\u00a0\n16,408\u00a0\nSubtotal\n7,840,250\u00a0\n8,211,688\u00a0\nTBAs, at implied cost basis \n(1)\n1,636,906\u00a0\n1,772,211\u00a0\nTotal investment portfolio, including TBAs\n9,477,156\u00a0\n9,983,899\u00a0\n(1)\nOur presentation of TBAs in the table above represents management's view of our investment portfolio and does not reflect how we record TBAs on our consolidated balance sheets under U.S. GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, we record TBAs that we do not intend to physically settle on the contractual settlement date as derivative financial instruments. We value TBAs on our consolidated balance sheets at net carrying value, which represents the difference between the fair market value and the implied cost basis of the TBAs. For further details of our U.S GAAP accounting for TBAs, refer to Note 8 \n\u201c\nDerivatives and Hedging Activities\u201d in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report. Our TBA dollar roll transactions are a form of off-balance sheet financing. For further information on how management evaluates our at-risk leverage, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below.\nWe sold $16.3\u00a0billion and purchased $17.1\u00a0billion of Agency RMBS during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. We rotated our Agency RMBS throughout the year into securities that have higher yields, in some cases to change coupon rate or the type of specified pool collateral. Purchases were funded with proceeds from the sales, paydowns of securities and by leveraging proceeds from the issuance of common stock.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020 our holdings of 30 year fixed-rate Agency RMBS represented 81% of our total investment portfolio, including TBAs. Our 30 year fixed-rate Agency RMBS holdings as of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020 consisted of specified pools with coupon distributions as shown in the table below.\nAs of December 31,\n2021\n2020\n$ in thousands\nFair Value\nPercentage\nFair Value\nPercentage\n1.5%\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n106,377\u00a0\n1.3\u00a0\n%\n2.0%\n2,408,404\u00a0\n31.3\u00a0\n%\n3,492,399\u00a0\n43.4\u00a0\n%\n2.5%\n2,877,568\u00a0\n37.3\u00a0\n%\n3,784,539\u00a0\n47.0\u00a0\n%\n3.0%\n2,178,476\u00a0\n28.3\u00a0\n%\n667,551\u00a0\n8.3\u00a0\n%\n3.5%\n237,075\u00a0\n3.1\u00a0\n%\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\nTotal 30 year fixed-rate Agency RMBS\n7,701,523\u00a0\n100.0\u00a0\n%\n8,050,866\u00a0\n100.0\u00a0\n%\nOur purchases of Agency RMBS have been primarily focused on specified pools with prepayment protection, as low mortgage rates and a robust housing market have increased borrower incentives to prepay their mortgage loans. We seek to mitigate the negative impact of prepayments on our investment portfolio by purchasing specified pools with characteristics that diminish borrower incentive to prepay, such as a lower loan balance, higher loan-to-value (\u201cLTV\u201d) ratio, lower FICO score, higher percentage of non-owner occupied loans (investment and vacation properties) and newly originated loans. In addition, we focus a significant amount of purchases in specified pools that have higher geographic concentrations in states that exhibit slower prepayments such as New York, Florida and Texas.\nWe invest in TBAs as an alternative means of investing in and financing Agency RMBS. As of December\u00a031, 2021, the implied cost basis of TBAs represented approximately 17% of our total investment portfolio, versus 18% as of December\u00a031, 2020. Our investments consist of 30-year Agency RMBS TBAs with coupons that range from 2.5% to 3.0% in conventional collateral. We maintain a meaningful allocation to TBAs given attractive implied financing rates in the Agency RMBS TBA dollar roll market. Implied financing rates in the dollar roll market were below those available in the repurchase market due to \n43\nTable of Contents\nthe magnitude and persistence of the Federal Reserve's MBS purchase program, which began to increase holdings in March 2020. The Federal Reserve began reducing net purchases of Agency RMBS in the fourth quarter of 2021, and net purchases are expected to end in March 2022. It is likely the Federal Reserve will continue to reinvest all or a portion of paydowns on their MBS portfolio in the subsequent quarters, which would continue to support the Agency RMBS TBA dollar roll market.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, our holdings of non-Agency CMBS represented approximately 1% of our total investment portfolio, including TBAs. Our non-Agency CMBS portfolio is comprised of fixed-rate securities that are rated single-A (or equivalent) or higher by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization as of December\u00a031, 2021. Approximately 72.4% of non-Agency CMBS are rated double-A (or equivalent) or higher by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization as of December\u00a031, 2021. \nAs of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, our holdings of non-Agency RMBS represented less than 1% of our total investment portfolio, including TBAs. We historically held non-Agency RMBS securities collateralized by prime and Alt-A loans and invested in re-securitizations of real estate mortgage investment conduit (\u201cRe-REMIC\u201d) RMBS and securitizations of reperforming mortgage loans. \nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we held an investment in one commercial real estate mezzanine loan that is due in February 2022 and has a LTV ratio of approximately 68.0%. In February 2022, we received a request from the borrower to extend the contractual maturity of the commercial loan investment to May 29, 2022. Refer to Note 15 \u2013 \u201cSubsequent Events\u201d of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report for additional information.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we held investments in two unconsolidated ventures that are managed by an affiliate of our Manager. Both of the unconsolidated ventures are in liquidation and plan to sell or settle their remaining investments as expeditiously as possible. Until the ventures complete their liquidation, we are committed to fund $6.5 million in additional capital to cover future expenses should they occur.\nFinancing and Other Liabilities \nWe have historically used repurchase agreements to finance the majority of our target assets and expect to continue to use repurchase agreements to finance Agency investments in the future. Repurchase agreements are generally settled on a short-term basis, usually from one to six months, and bear interest at rates that are expected to move in close relationship to SOFR. \nWe also used secured loans from the FHLBI to finance a portion of our investment portfolio. We repaid our secured loans during 2020 with proceeds from sales of assets that collateralized the secured loans. We terminated our membership in FHLBI in the third quarter of 2020.\nThe following table presents the amount of collateralized borrowings outstanding under repurchase agreements and secured loans as of the end of each quarter, the average amount outstanding during the quarter and the maximum balance outstanding during the quarter:\n$ in thousands\nCollateralized borrowings under repurchase agreements and secured loans\nQuarter Ended\nQuarter-end balance\nAverage quarterly balance \n(1)\nMaximum balance \n(2)\nMarch 31, 2020\n7,637,746\u00a0\n16,673,939\u00a0\n23,132,234\u00a0\nJune 30, 2020\n740,000\u00a0\n983,599\u00a0\n1,373,296\u00a0\nSeptember 30, 2020\n5,243,288\u00a0\n3,373,356\u00a0\n5,243,288\u00a0\nDecember 31, 2020\n7,228,699\u00a0\n6,883,773\u00a0\n7,237,496\u00a0\nMarch 31, 2021\n8,240,887\u00a0\n8,359,010\u00a0\n8,708,686\u00a0\nJune 30, 2021\n7,851,204\u00a0\n7,945,494\u00a0\n8,004,924\u00a0\nSeptember 30, 2021\n7,873,798\u00a0\n7,846,536\u00a0\n7,886,360\u00a0\nDecember 31, 2021\n6,987,834\u00a0\n7,442,784\u00a0\n7,776,070\u00a0\n(1)\nAverage quarterly balance for each period is based on month-end balances.\n(2)\nAmount represents the maximum borrowings at month-end during each of the respective periods.\n44\nTable of Contents\nHedging Instruments\n \nWe generally hedge as much of our interest rate and foreign exchange risk as we deem prudent because of market conditions. No assurance can be given that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Our investment policies do not contain specific requirements as to the percentages or amount of risk that we are required to hedge.\nHedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things:\n\u2022\navailable interest rate hedging may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought;\n\u2022\nthe duration of the hedges may not match the duration of the related liabilities;\n\u2022\nour counterparty in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay;\n\u2022\nthe credit quality of our counterparty on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction;\u00a0and\n\u2022\nthe value of derivatives used for hedging may be adjusted from time-to-time in accordance with accounting rules to reflect changes in fair value. \nWe enter into interest rate swap agreements that are designed to mitigate the effects of increases in interest rates for a portion of our borrowings. Under these swap agreements, we generally pay fixed interest rates and receive floating interest rates indexed to SOFR. To a lesser extent, we also enter into interest rate swap agreements whereby we make floating interest rate payments indexed to SOFR and receive fixed interest rate payments as part of our overall risk management strategy. Prior to the transition of our swap portfolio to swaps that are indexed to SOFR in the fourth quarter of 2021, our interest rate swaps were generally indexed to one- or three-month LIBOR. \nWe actively manage our swap portfolio by terminating and entering into new swaps as the size and composition of our investment portfolio changes. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we terminated existing swaps with a notional amount of $2.5 billion and entered into new swaps with a notional amount of $4.3 billion as part of our overall risk management strategy. These amounts exclude $7.3 billion of terminations and additions related to the transition of our swap portfolio from swaps that were indexed to LIBOR to swaps that are indexed to SOFR in the fourth quarter of 2021, as well as terminations and additions of forward starting swaps. Daily variation margin payment for interest rate swaps is characterized as settlement of the derivative itself rather than collateral and is recorded as a realized gain or loss in our consolidated statement of operati\nons. \nWe realized a net gain of $185.2 million on interest rate swaps during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 primarily due to rising interest rates.  \nWe enter into currency forward contracts to help mitigate the potential impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on investments denominated in foreign currencies. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we had \u20ac11.7 million or $13.6 million (2020: \u20ac27.8 million or $33.1 million) of notional amount of forward contracts related to our investment in an unconsolidated venture. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we settled currency forward contracts of \u20ac70.8 million or $84.8 million (2020: \u20ac83.4 million or $93.4 million) in notional amount and realized a net gain of $209,000 (2020: $1.3 million net loss). \nCapital Activities\nIn February 2021, we completed a public offering of 27,600,000 shares of common stock at the price of $3.75 per share. Total net proceeds were approximately $103.1 million after deducting estimated offering costs.\nIn June 2021, we completed a public offering of 43,125,000 shares of common stock at the price of $3.39 per share. Total net proceeds were approximately $145.9 million after deducting offering expenses. \nOn June 16, 2021, we redeemed all issued and outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock for $140.0 million plus accrued and unpaid dividends. The cash redemption price for each share of Series A Preferred Stock was 25.00. The excess of the consideration transferred over carrying value was accounted for as a deemed dividend and resulted in a reduction of $4.7 million in net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we may sell up to 56,865,980 shares of our common stock and 5,500,000 shares of our preferred stock from time to time in at-the-market or privately negotiated transactions under our equity distribution agreement with placement agents. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we sold 55,744,020 shares of common stock for proceeds of $180.5 million, net of approximately $2.6 million in commissions and fees, under our equity distribution agreements. During the year ended December\u00a031, 2020, we sold 21,849,740 shares of common stock for proceeds of $73.7\u00a0million, net of approximately $1.2\u00a0million in commissions and fees, under our equity distribution agreements.\n45\nTable of Contents\nFor information on dividends declared and paid during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, see Note 12 - \u201cStockholders' Equity\u201d of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this report on Form 10-K.\nDuring the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock.\nBook Value per Common Share\nWe calculate book value per common share as follows:\nYears Ended December 31,\nIn thousands except per share amounts\n2021\n2020\n2019\nNumerator (adjusted equity):\nTotal equity\n1,402,135\u00a0\n1,367,158\u00a0\n2,931,899\u00a0\nLess: Liquidation preference of Series A Preferred Stock\n\u2014\u00a0\n(140,000)\n(140,000)\nLess: Liquidation preference of Series B Preferred Stock\n(155,000)\n(155,000)\n(155,000)\nLess: Liquidation preference of Series C Preferred Stock\n(287,500)\n(287,500)\n(287,500)\nTotal adjusted equity\n959,635\u00a0\n784,658\u00a0\n2,349,399\u00a0\nDenominator (number of shares):\nCommon stock outstanding\n329,875\u00a0\n203,222\u00a0\n144,256\u00a0\nBook value per common share\n2.91\u00a0\n3.86\u00a0\n16.29\u00a0\nOur book value per common share decreased 24.6% as of December\u00a031, 2021 compared to December\u00a031, 2020. The increase in interest rate volatility and prepayment speeds, combined with reduced investor demand for prepayment protection and the potential for an earlier than expected taper of MBS purchases from the Federal Reserve resulted in Agency RMBS sharply underperforming interest rate swap hedges during the first half of 2021. Book value per common share further decreased in the second half of 2021 as the Federal Reserve's announced tapering and subsequent acceleration of the pace of tapering in December 2021 negatively impacted Agency RMBS valuations.\nOur book value per common share decreased 76.3% as of December\u00a031, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019 primarily due to realized and unrealized losses on investments and derivatives during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 resulting from the unprecedented market disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. \nRefer to Item\u00a07A. \u201cQuantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk\u201d for interest rate risk and its impact on fair value.\nCritical Accounting Policies and Estimates\nOur consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires the use of estimates and assumptions that involve the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties. Accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties. All of these estimates reflect our best judgment about current, and for some estimates, future economic and market conditions and their effects based on information available as of the date of these financial statements. If conditions change from those expected, it is possible that the judgments and estimates described below could change, which may result in a change in valuation of our investment portfolio, allowances for credit losses on our available-for-sale MBS, and a change in our interest income recognition among other effects.\nMortgage-Backed and Credit Risk Transfer Securities. \nWe have elected the fair value option for all of our MBS purchased on or after September 1, 2016; our GSE CRTs purchased on or after August 24, 2015; and all of our RMBS IOs. Under the fair value option, changes in fair value are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations. In our view, the fair value option election more appropriately reflects the results of our operations because MBS and GSE CRT fair value changes are accounted for in the same manner as fair value changes in economic hedging instruments. As of December\u00a031, 2021, $7.7 billion (December\u00a031, 2020: $8.1 billion) or 99% (December\u00a031, 2020: 99%) of our MBS are accounted for under the fair value option.\nWe record our MBS purchased before September 1, 2016, as available-for-sale and report these MBS at fair value. We recorded our GSE CRTs purchased before August 24, 2015 as hybrid financial instruments and reported these GSE CRTs at fair value. We did not hold any GSE CRTs as of December\u00a031, 2021 or December\u00a031, 2020.\n46\nTable of Contents\nWe determine the fair value of our MBS by obtaining valuations from an independent source. If the fair value of a security is not available from a third-party pricing service, we may estimate the fair value of the security using a variety of methods including other pricing services, discounted cash flow analysis, matrix pricing, option adjusted spread models and other fundamental analysis of observable market factors. It is possible that changes in these inputs could change the valuation estimate and lead us to establish allowances for credit losses on our available-for-sale MBS.\n Further information is provided in Note 2 - \u201cSummary of Significant Accounting Policies\u201d and Note 4 - \u201cMortgage-Backed and Credit Risk Transfer Securities.\u201d\nInterest Income Recognition.\n Interest income on MBS is accrued based on the outstanding principal or notional balance of the securities and their contractual terms. Premiums or discounts are amortized or accreted into interest income over the life of the investment using the effective interest method. \n Interest income on our MBS where we may not recover substantially all of our initial investment is based on estimated future cash flows. We estimate future expected cash flows at the time of purchase and determine the effective interest rate based on these estimated cash flows and our purchase price. Over the life of the investments, we update these estimated future cash flows and compute a revised yield based on the current amortized cost of the investment, unless those changes will be reflected in an allowance for credit losses. In situations where an allowance for credit losses is limited by the fair value of the investment, we compute the yield as the rate that equates expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the investment. In estimating these future cash flows, there are a number of assumptions that are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, including but not limited to the rate and timing of principal payments (prepayments, repurchases, defaults and liquidations), the pass through or coupon rate, and interest rate fluctuations. These uncertainties and contingencies are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may impact our estimate and our interest income. Changes in our original or most recent cash flow projections may result in a prospective change in interest income recognized on these securities, or the amortized cost of these securities. For non-Agency RMBS not of high credit quality, when actual cash flows vary from expected cash flows, the difference is recorded as an adjustment to the amortized cost of the security, unless those changes will be reflected in an allowance for credit losses, and the security's yield is revised prospectively.\nOne of the most significant factors impacting our projected cash flows is changes in long-term interest rates. When interest rates fall, prepayments will generally increase and when interest rates rise, prepayments will generally decrease. However, there are a variety of factors that may impact the rate of prepayments on our securities. Accordingly, under different conditions, we could report materially different amounts. Refer to Item\u00a07A. \u201cQuantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk\u201d for an estimate of the percentage change in our net interest income, including interest paid or received under interest rate swaps, caused by an instantaneous 50 and 100 basis points increase or decrease in interest rates. \nFor Agency RMBS and Agency CMBS that cannot be prepaid in such a way that we would not recover substantially all of our initial investment, interest income recognition is based on contractual cash flows. We do not estimate prepayments in applying the effective interest method. \nInterest income on GSE CRTs purchased before August 24, 2015 was accrued based on the coupon rate of the debt host contract which reflected the credit risk of GSE unsecured senior debt with a similar maturity. Premiums or discounts associated with the purchase of credit risk transfer securities were amortized or accreted into interest income over the life of the debt host contract using the effective interest method. Interest income on GSE CRTs purchased on or after August 24, 2015 was based on estimated future cash flows.\nInterest income from our commercial and other loans is recognized when earned and deemed collectible or until a loan becomes past due based on the terms of the loan agreement.\nAccounting for Derivative Financial Instruments. \nWe use derivatives to manage interest rate and currency exchange risk and as an alternative means of investing in and financing Agency RMBS. We record all derivatives on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Our interest rate swaps, currency forward contracts and TBAs are valued using a market approach through the use of quoted prices available in an active market. All of our interest rate swaps were centrally cleared by a registered clearing organization as of December\u00a031, 2021.\nEffective December 31, 2013, we voluntarily discontinued hedge accounting for our interest rate swap agreements by de-designating the interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges. As a result of discontinuing hedge accounting, changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recorded in gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net in our consolidated statement of operations, rather than in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Further information is provided in Note 8 - \u201cDerivatives and Hedging Activities.\u201d of our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report.\nExpected Impact of New Authoritative Guidance on Future Financial Information\nIn January 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board expanded existing accounting guidance for evaluating the effects of reference rate reform on financial reporting. The new guidance expands the temporary optional expedients and exceptions to U.S. GAAP for contract modifications, hedge accounting and other relationships that reference LIBOR to apply to \n47\nTable of Contents\nall derivative instruments affected by the market-wide change in the interest rates used for discounting, margining or contract price alignment (commonly referred to as the discounting transition). The new guidance can be applied through December 31, 2022. \nWe have an investment in a commercial loan indexed to LIBOR that is scheduled to mature in 2022. In addition, our 7.75% Fixed-to-Floating Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and our 7.50% Fixed-to-Floating Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock each become callable at the time the stock begins to pay a LIBOR-based rate. Our Series B and Series C Preferred Stock are governed by New York state law. The state of New York has approved legislative solutions for U.S. dollar LIBOR-linked contracts to transition to an alternative rate for contracts that are governed by New York state law. We do not currently intend to amend our Series B or Series C Preferred Stock to change the existing LIBOR cessation fallback language. \n48\nTable of Contents\nResults of Operations\nOur consolidated results of operations for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020 and 2019 are summarized below:\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n$ in thousands except share data\n2021\n2020\n2019\nInterest income\nMortgage-backed and credit risk transfer securities\n167,056\u00a0\n277,400\u00a0\n772,657\u00a0\nCommercial and other loans\n2,146\u00a0\n2,766\u00a0\n5,710\u00a0\nTotal interest income\n169,202\u00a0\n280,166\u00a0\n778,367\u00a0\nInterest expense\nRepurchase agreements \n(1)\n(11,290)\n73,607\u00a0\n430,697\u00a0\nSecured loans\n\u2014\u00a0\n8,655\u00a0\n41,623\u00a0\nTotal interest expense\n(11,290)\n82,262\u00a0\n472,320\u00a0\nNet interest income\n180,492\u00a0\n197,904\u00a0\n306,047\u00a0\nOther income (loss)\nGain (loss) on investments, net\n(366,509)\n(961,938)\n624,466\u00a0\n(Increase) decrease in provision for credit losses\n1,768\u00a0\n(1,768)\n\u2014\u00a0\nEquity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures\n870\u00a0\n1,163\u00a0\n2,224\u00a0\nGain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\n122,611\u00a0\n(851,050)\n(534,755)\nRealized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net\n\u2014\u00a0\n(35,312)\n8,343\u00a0\nNet gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt\n\u2014\u00a0\n14,742\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nOther investment income (loss), net\n1\u00a0\n2,137\u00a0\n3,950\u00a0\nTotal other income (loss)\n(241,259)\n(1,832,026)\n104,228\u00a0\nExpenses\nManagement fee \u2014 related party\n21,080\u00a0\n29,367\u00a0\n38,173\u00a0\nGeneral and administrative\n8,153\u00a0\n10,863\u00a0\n8,001\u00a0\nTotal expenses\n29,233\u00a0\n40,230\u00a0\n46,174\u00a0\nNet income (loss) attributable to Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc.\n(90,000)\n(1,674,352)\n364,101\u00a0\nDividends to preferred stockholders\n37,795\u00a0\n44,426\u00a0\n44,426\u00a0\nIssuance and redemption costs of redeemed preferred stock\n4,682\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nNet income (loss) attributable to common stockholders\n(132,477)\n(1,718,778)\n319,675\u00a0\nEarnings (loss) per share:\nNet income (loss) attributable to common stockholders\nBasic\n(0.48)\n(9.89)\n2.42\u00a0\nDiluted\n(0.48)\n(9.89)\n2.42\u00a0\nWeighted average number of shares of common stock:\nBasic\n275,132,233\u00a0\n173,730,389\u00a0\n132,305,568\u00a0\nDiluted\n275,132,233\u00a0\n173,730,389\u00a0\n132,317,853\u00a0\n\u00a0\n(1)\nNegative interest expense on repurchase agreements in 2021 is due to amortization of net deferred gains on de-designated interest rate swaps that exceeds current period interest expense on repurchase agreements. For further information on amortization of amounts classified in accumulated other comprehensive income before we discontinued hedge accounting, see Note 8 - \u201cDerivatives and Hedging Activities\u201d and Note 12 - \u201cStockholders' Equity\u201d in Part IV, Item 15 of this report on Form 10-K.\n49\nTable of Contents\nInterest Income and Average Earning Asset Yields \nThe table below presents information related to our average earning assets and earning asset yields for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020 and 2019.\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2020\n2019\nAverage earning assets \n(1)\n8,808,105\u00a0\n7,895,394\u00a0\n20,566,255\u00a0\nAverage earning asset yields \n(2)\n1.92\u00a0\n%\n3.55\u00a0\n%\n3.78\u00a0\n%\n(1)\nAverage balances for each period are based on weighted month-end balances.\n(2)\nAverage earning asset yields for the period were calculated by dividing interest income, including amortization of premiums and discounts, by average earning assets based on the amortized cost of the investments. All yields are annualized. \nOur primary source of income is interest earned on our investment portfolio. We had average earning assets of approximately $8.8 billion during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 (2020: $7.9 billion; 2019: $20.6 billion). Average earning assets increased for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 compared to 2020 as we resumed investing in Agency RMBS during the third quarter of 2020 after selling a substantial portion of our MBS and GSE CRT portfolio in the first half of 2020 to generate liquidity and reduce leverage in response to the financial market disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.\nAverage earning assets decreased during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 compared to 2019. As previously discussed, we experienced unprecedented market conditions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and sold a substantial portion of our MBS and GSE CRT portfolio in the first half of 2020 to generate liquidity and reduce leverage. \nThe yield on our average earning assets during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 was 1.92% (2020: 3.55%; 2019: 3.78%). Our average earning asset yields decreased during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 compared to 2020 and during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to changes in our portfolio composition.  \nWe earned interest income of $169.2 million (2020: $280.2 million; 2019: $778.4 million) during 2021. Our interest income consists of coupon interest and net premium amortization on MBS and GSE CRTs as well as interest income on commercial and other loans as shown in the table below.\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2020\n2019\nInterest Income\nMBS and GSE CRT - coupon interest\n207,506\u00a0\n298,613\u00a0\n833,376\u00a0\nMBS and GSE CRT - net premium amortization\n(40,450)\n(21,213)\n(60,719)\nMBS and GSE CRT - interest income\n167,056\u00a0\n277,400\u00a0\n772,657\u00a0\nCommercial and other loans\n2,146\u00a0\n2,766\u00a0\n5,710\u00a0\nTotal interest income\n169,202\u00a0\n280,166\u00a0\n778,367\u00a0\nMBS and GSE CRT interest income decreased $110.3 million for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to a 163 basis point decrease in average earning asset yields. Almost all of our investment portfolio (excluding TBAs) was invested in Agency RMBS during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. We did not hold any GSE CRTs as of December 31, 2021 or December 31, 2020.\nMBS and GSE CRT interest income decreased $495.3 million during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to a $534.8 million decrease in coupon interest reflecting lower average earning assets. Lower coupon interest was partially offset by a $39.5 million decrease in net premium amortization during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 primarily due to sales of assets purchased at premiums. Interest income on our commercial and other loans decreased $2.9 million during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020, primarily due to the sale of our loan participation interest in April 2020 and repayments on commercial loan investments. \n50\nTable of Contents\nPrepayment Speeds\nOur RMBS portfolio (and previously our GSE CRT portfolio) is subject to inherent prepayment risk primarily driven by changes in interest rates, which impacts the amount of premium and discount on the purchase of these securities that is recognized into interest income. Expected future prepayment speeds are estimated on a quarterly basis. Generally, in an environment of falling interest rates, prepayment speeds will increase as homeowners are more likely to prepay their existing mortgage and refinance into a lower borrowing rate. If the actual prepayment speed during the period is faster than estimated, the amortization on securities purchased at a premium to par value will be accelerated, resulting in lower interest income recognized. Conversely, for securities purchased at a discount to par value, interest income will be reduced in periods where prepayment speeds were slower than expected. \nThe following table presents net (premium amortization) discount accretion recognized on our MBS and GSE CRT portfolio during 2021, 2020 and 2019.\nYears Ended December 31,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2020\n2019\nAgency RMBS\n(41,881)\n(32,737)\n(76,676)\nAgency CMBS\n\u2014\u00a0\n(1,744)\n(4,712)\nNon-Agency CMBS\n2,695\u00a0\n14,721\u00a0\n15,347\u00a0\nNon-Agency RMBS\n(1,264)\n1,107\u00a0\n13,164\u00a0\nGSE CRT\n\u2014\u00a0\n(2,560)\n(7,842)\nNet (premium amortization) discount accretion\n(40,450)\n(21,213)\n(60,719)\nNet premium amortization increased $19.2 million during 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to sales of non-Agency CMBS purchased at discounts and the purchase of Agency RMBS at premiums during the second half of 2020 and in 2021.\nNet premium amortization decreased $39.5 million during 2020 compared to 2019 due to sales of assets purchased at premiums and slower prepayment speeds on newly issued Agency RMBS purchased in the second half of 2020.\n Our interest income is subject to interest rate risk. Refer to Item\u00a07A. \u201cQuantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk\u201d for more information relating to interest rate risk and its impact on our operating results.\nInterest Expense and Cost of Funds \nThe table below presents the components of interest expense for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020 and 2019.\n\u00a0\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2020\n2019\nInterest Expense\nInterest expense on repurchase agreement borrowings\n10,710\u00a0\n97,401\u00a0\n454,426\u00a0\nAmortization of net deferred (gain) loss on de-designated interest rate swaps \n(22,000)\n(23,794)\n(23,729)\nRepurchase agreements interest expense\n(11,290)\n73,607\u00a0\n430,697\u00a0\nSecured loans\n\u2014\u00a0\n8,655\u00a0\n41,623\u00a0\nTotal interest expense\n(11,290)\n82,262\u00a0\n472,320\u00a0\nOur interest expense on repurchase agreement borrowings decreased $86.7 million for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to a lower average cost of funds reflecting decreases in the Federal Funds rate.\nOur interest expense on repurchase agreement borrowings decreased $357.0 million for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to lower average borrowings and a lower average cost of funds reflecting decreases in the Federal Funds rate. Average borrowings decreased primarily due to repayments of repurchase agreements in the first half of 2020 with proceeds from asset sales due to financial market disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic as previously discussed. Average borrowings also decreased due to repayment of $1.65 billion of secured loans during 2020.\nOur repurchase agreements interest expense includes amortization of deferred gains and losses on de-designated interest rate swaps as summarized in the table above. Amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (\u201cAOCI\u201d) before we discontinued cash flow hedge accounting for our interest rate swaps are reclassified to interest expense on repurchase agreements on the consolidated statements of operations as interest is accrued and paid on the related repurchase agreements \n51\nTable of Contents\nover the remaining life of the interest rate swap agreements. Amortization of net deferred gains on de-designated interest rate swaps decreased our total interest expense by $22.0 million, $23.8 million and $23.7 million during the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, December\u00a031, 2020 and December\u00a031, 2019, respectively. During the next twelve months, we estimate that $19.7 million of net deferred gains on de-designated interest rate swaps will be reclassified from other comprehensive income and recorded as a decrease to interest expense. \nWe repaid our secured loans during 2020 and did not incur interest expense for secured loans during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. \nInterest expense for our secured loans decreased for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to the repayment of $1.65 billion of secured loans during 2020 and lower borrowing rates. Before modification, borrowing rates on our secured loans were based on the three-month FHLB swap rate plus a spread. After modification, borrowing rates on our secured loans were based on the FHLBI's short-term cost of funds. For the year ended December\u00a031, 2020, our secured loans had a weighted average borrowing rate of 1.47% as compared to 2.52% for the year ended December\u00a031, 2019.\nOur total interest expense during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 decreased $93.6 million compared to 2020 primarily due to a decrease of $95.3 million in interest expense on repurchase agreement borrowings and secured loans.\nOur total interest expense during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 decreased $390.1 million compared to 2019 primarily due to a $390.0 million decrease in interest expense on repurchase agreement borrowings and secured loans.\nThe table below presents our average borrowings and cost of funds for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020 and 2019.\n\u00a0\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2020\n2019\nTotal average borrowings \n(1)\n7,892,617\u00a0\n6,926,790\u00a0\n18,748,843\u00a0\nMaximum borrowings during the period \n(2)\n8,708,686\u00a0\n23,132,234\u00a0\n20,377,801\u00a0\nCost of funds \n(3)\n(0.14)\n%\n1.19\u00a0\n%\n2.52\u00a0\n%\n(1)\nAverage borrowings for each period are based on weighted month-end balances.\n(2)\nAmount represents the maximum borrowings at month-end during each of the respective periods.\n(3)\nAverage cost of funds is calculated by dividing annualized interest expense, including amortization of net deferred gain (loss) on de-designated interest rate swaps, by our average borrowings.\nTotal average borrowings increased $965.8 million in 2021 compared to 2020 because we resumed investing in Agency RMBS in July 2020 and financing purchases with repurchase agreements. The increase in repurchase agreement borrowings was partially offset by the repayment of $1.65 billion of secured loans during 2020.\nTotal average borrowings decreased $11.8 billion in 2020 compared to 2019 because we repaid $10.3 billion of net repurchase agreements and $1.65 billion of secured loans during 2020. \nOur cost of funds decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 and in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to decreases in the Federal Funds rate.\n52\nTable of Contents\nNet Interest Income \nThe table below presents the components of net interest income for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020 and 2019.\n\u00a0\nYears ended December\u00a031,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2020\n2019\nInterest Income\nMortgage-backed and credit risk transfer securities\n167,056\u00a0\n277,400\u00a0\n772,657\u00a0\nCommercial and other loans\n2,146\u00a0\n2,766\u00a0\n5,710\u00a0\nTotal interest income\n169,202\u00a0\n280,166\u00a0\n778,367\u00a0\nInterest Expense\nInterest expense on repurchase agreement borrowings\n10,710\u00a0\n97,401\u00a0\n454,426\u00a0\nAmortization of net deferred (gain) loss on de-designated interest rate swaps \n(22,000)\n(23,794)\n(23,729)\nRepurchase agreements interest expense\n(11,290)\n73,607\u00a0\n430,697\u00a0\nSecured loans\n\u2014\u00a0\n8,655\u00a0\n41,623\u00a0\nTotal interest expense\n(11,290)\n82,262\u00a0\n472,320\u00a0\nNet interest income\n180,492\u00a0\n197,904\u00a0\n306,047\u00a0\nNet interest rate margin\n2.06\u00a0\n%\n2.36\u00a0\n%\n1.26\u00a0\n%\nOur net interest income, which equals total interest income less total interest expense, totaled $180.5 million for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 (2020: $197.9 million; 2019: $306.0 million). The decrease in net interest income for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 compared to 2020 and for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to the sale of MBS and GSE CRTs in the first half of 2020 as previously discussed.\nOur net interest rate margin, which equals the yield on our average assets for the period less the average cost of funds for the period, was 2.06% for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 (2020: 2.36%; 2019: 1.26%). The decrease in net interest rate margin for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to the change in our portfolio composition, including related repurchase agreements borrowings. The increase in net interest rate margin for 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to the change in our portfolio composition, including related repurchase agreement borrowings, due to assets sales and decreases in the Federal Funds rate that had a greater impact on our average cost of funds than on our average earning asset yields.\nGain (Loss) on Investments, net \nThe table below summarizes the components of gain (loss) on investments, net for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020 and 2019.\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2020\n2019\nNet realized gains (losses) on sale of investments\n(281,224)\n(363,781)\n8,039\u00a0\nImpairment of investments the Company intends to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell before recovery of amortized cost basis and other impairments\n\u2014\u00a0\n(101,138)\n\u2014\u00a0\nOther-than-temporary impairment losses\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n(7,731)\nNet unrealized gains (losses) on MBS and GSE CRT accounted for under the fair value option\n(85,702)\n(492,047)\n624,158\u00a0\nNet unrealized gains (losses) on commercial loan\n417\u00a0\n(1,164)\n\u2014\u00a0\nRealized loss on loan participation interest\n\u2014\u00a0\n(3,808)\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal gain (loss) on investments, net \n(366,509)\n(961,938)\n624,466\u00a0\n53\nTable of Contents\nDuring the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we sold MBS for cash proceeds of $16.3 billion (2020: MBS and GSE CRTs of $25.0 billion; 2019: MBS and GSE CRTs of $3.3 billion) and realized net losses of $281.2 million (2020: net losses of $363.8 million; 2019: net gains of $8.0 million). Realized net losses during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 primarily reflect sales of lower yielding Agency RMBS to purchase higher yielding Agency RMBS. We sold securities during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 to generate liquidity and reduce leverage in response to the financial market disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. A portion of these sales were involuntary liquidations at significantly distressed market prices as certain of our repurchase agreement counterparties seized and sold our securities when we were unable to meet margin calls in March 2020.\nWe did not record any impairment during the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 or 2019 because we intended to sell or more likely than not would be required to sell the securities before recovery of amortized cost basis. We recorded $94.1 million of impairment on non-Agency RMBS and CMBS securities during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020, because we intended to sell or more likely than not would be required to sell the securities before recovery of amortized cost basis. For additional information regarding our accounting policy for impairment, refer to Note 2 \u2013 \u201cSummary of Significant Accounting Policies\u201d of our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report. \nWe have elected the fair value option for all of our MBS purchased on or after September 1, 2016 and all of our GSE CRTs purchased on or after August 24, 2015. Before September 1, 2016, we had also elected the fair value option for our RMBS IOs. Under the fair value option, changes in fair value are recognized in income in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December\u00a031, 2021, $7.7 billion or 99% (December\u00a031, 2020: $8.1 billion or 99%) of our MBS are accounted for under the fair value option. \nWe recorded net unrealized losses on our MBS and GSE CRT portfolio accounted for under the fair value option of $85.7 million in 2021 compared to net unrealized losses of $492.0 million in 2020 and unrealized gains of $624.2 million in 2019. Net unrealized losses in 2021 primarily reflect wider interest rate spreads on our Agency RMBS. Net unrealized losses in the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 reflect declines in valuations due to wider interest rate spreads. Net unrealized gains in 2019 reflect lower interest rates, tighter interest rate spreads on credit assets and Agency CMBS and valuation gains in specified pool Agency RMBS. \nWe recorded unrealized gains of $417,000 and unrealized losses of $1.2 million on our commercial loan investment during the years ended December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We value our commercial loan investment based upon a valuation from an independent pricing service.\nWe recorded a realized loss of $3.8 million on our loan participation interest during year ended December\u00a031, 2020. We sold the loan participation interest on April 1, 2020. \n(Increase) Decrease in Provision for Credit Losses\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, approximately \n$70.2 million\n of our \n$7.8 billion\n of MBS are classified as available-for-sale and subject to evaluation for credit losses. We recorded a provision for credit losses of $1.8 million on single non-Agency CMBS for the year ended \nDecember\u00a031, 2020\n based on a comparison of the security's amortized cost basis to discounted expected cash flows. We recorded\n a $1.8 million decrease in the provision for credit losses d\nuring the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 because the security fully repaid in June 2021. Refer to Note 2 \u2013 \u201cSummary of Significant Accounting Policies\u201d of our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report for additional information on how we calculate our provision for credit losses.\nEquity in Earnings (Losses) of Unconsolidated Ventures \nFor the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we recorded equity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures of $870,000 (2020: $1.2 million; 2019: $2.2 million). We recorded equity in earnings for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020 and 2019 primarily due to earnings on the underlying portfolio investments. \nGain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments, net\nWe record all derivatives on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Changes in the fair value of our derivatives are recorded in gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net in our consolidated statements of operations. Net interest paid or received under our interest rate swaps is also recognized in gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net in our consolidated statements of operations.\n54\nTable of Contents\nThe tables below summarize the components of our gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020 and 2019:\n$ in thousands\nYear ended December 31, 2021\nDerivative\nnot designated as\nhedging instrument\nRealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\n\u00a0Contractual net \ninterest income (expense)\nUnrealized \ngain (loss), net\nGain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\nInterest Rate Swaps \n185,232\u00a0\n(15,803)\n(5,869)\n163,560\u00a0\nInterest Rate Swaptions\n(553)\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n(553)\nCurrency Forward Contracts\n209\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n970\u00a0\n1,179\u00a0\nTBAs\n(28,731)\n\u2014\u00a0\n(12,844)\n(41,575)\nTotal\n156,157\u00a0\n(15,803)\n(17,743)\n122,611\u00a0\n$ in thousands\nYear ended December 31, 2020\nDerivative\nnot designated as\nhedging instrument\nRealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\n\u00a0Contractual net \ninterest income (expense)\nUnrealized \ngain (loss), net\nGain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\nInterest Rate Swaps \n(857,753)\n8,047\u00a0\n(24,068)\n(873,774)\nCurrency Forward Contracts\n(1,301)\n\u2014\u00a0\n(345)\n(1,646)\nTBAs\n14,477\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n9,893\u00a0\n24,370\u00a0\nTotal\n(844,577)\n8,047\u00a0\n(14,520)\n(851,050)\n$ in thousands\nYear ended December 31, 2019\nDerivative\nnot designated as\nhedging instrument\nRealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\n\u00a0Contractual net \ninterest income (expense)\nUnrealized \ngain (loss), net\nGain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\nInterest Rate Swaps\n(440,626)\n35,840\u00a0\n18,826\u00a0\n(385,960)\nFutures Contracts\n(157,929)\n\u2014\u00a0\n7,836\u00a0\n(150,093)\nCurrency Forward Contracts\n1,478\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n(180)\n1,298\u00a0\nTotal\n(597,077)\n35,840\u00a0\n26,482\u00a0\n(534,755)\nDuring the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we terminated existing interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $2.5 billion and entered into new swaps with a notional amount of $4.3 billion, excluding terminations and additions related to the transition of our interest rate swaps to swap that are indexed to SOFR in the fourth quarter of 2021 and terminations and additions of forward starting swaps. We realized a net gain of $185.2 million on interest rate swaps during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 due to rising interest rates. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we had $7.0 billion of repurchase agreement borrowings with a weighted average remaining maturity of 29 days. We typically refinance each repurchase agreement at market interest rates upon maturity. We use interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to changing interest rates and add stability to interest rate expense.\nIn March 2020, we terminated all of our outstanding interest rate swaps as we repositioned our portfolio in response to unprecedented market conditions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Our exposure to interest rate risk decreased as we sold Agency assets and repaid borrowings. We realized a net loss of $904.7 million on these interest rate swaps during the first half of 2020 primarily due to falling interest rates. We resumed entering into interest rate swaps in July 2020 as we resumed investing in Agency RMBS and financing our investments with repurchase agreements.\nDuring the year ended December 31, 2019, we terminated existing swaps with a notional amount of $25.3 billion and entered into new swaps with a notional amount of $27.0 billion to hedge repurchase agreement debt associated with purchases of Agency RMBS and Agency CMBS securities. We realized a net loss of $440.6 million on interest rate swaps in 2019 primarily due to falling interest rates.\n55\nTable of Contents\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, we held interest rate swaps whereby we receive interest at a variable rate as shown in the table below. As of December\u00a031, 2021, our interest rate swaps received variable interest based upon SOFR. As of December 31, 2020, our interest rate swaps received variable interest based upon one-month LIBOR.\n$ in thousands\nDecember 31, 2021\nDecember 31, 2020\nDerivative instrument \nNotional Amounts\nWeighted Average Fixed Pay Rate\nWeighted Average Floating Receive Rate\nWeighted Average Years to Maturity\nNotional Amounts\nWeighted Average Fixed Pay Rate\nWeighted Average Floating Receive Rate\nWeighted Average Years to Maturity\nInterest Rate Swaps \n(1)\n6,300,000\u00a0\n0.30\u00a0\n%\n0.05\u00a0\n%\n5.7\n6,300,000\u00a0\n0.41\u00a0\n%\n0.15\u00a0\n%\n6.7\n(1)\nNotional amount as of December\u00a031, 2021 excludes $1.3\u00a0billion of interest rate swaps with forward start dates. \nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we held interest rate swaps whereby we pay variable interest based upon SOFR as shown in the table below. We did not hold any interest rate swaps that paid floating interest as of December\u00a031, 2020.   \n$ in thousands\nDecember 31, 2021\nDerivative instrument\nNotional Amounts \nWeighted Average Floating Pay Rate\nWeighted Average Fixed Receive Rate\nWeighted Average Years to Maturity\nInterest Rate Swaps\n1,750,000\u00a0\n0.05\u00a0\n%\n0.98\u00a0\n%\n4.9\nWe have also used futures contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate risk. We were not party to any futures contracts as of December\u00a031, 2021, 2020 or 2019. During the year ended December 31, 2019, we realized net losses of $157.9 million on the settlement of futures contracts due to falling interest rates. \nD\naily variation margin payment for futures is characterized as settlement of the derivative itself rather than collateral and is recorded as a realized gain or loss in our consolidated statement of operations. \nWe use currency forward contracts to help mitigate the potential impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we had $13.6 million (December\u00a031, 2020: $33.1 million) of notional amount of currency forward contracts related to an investment in an unconsolidated venture denominated in euro.\nWe primarily use TBAs that we do not intend to physically settle on the contractual settlement date as an alternative means of investing in and financing Agency RMBS. As of December\u00a031, 2021, we had $1.6 billion notional amount of TBAs and recorded $41.6 million of realized and unrealized losses during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 primarily due to the sharp increase in mortgage rates during the first quarter of 2021. As of December\u00a031, 2020, we had $1.7 billion notional amount of TBAs and recorded $24.4 million of realized and unrealized gains during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020. We were not party to any TBAs accounted for as derivatives during 2019.\nRealized and Unrealized Credit Derivative Income (Loss), net \nThe table below summarizes the components of realized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net for the years ended December\u00a031, 2020 and 2019.\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n$ in thousands\n2020\n2019\nGSE CRT embedded derivative coupon interest\n6,323\u00a0\n20,833\u00a0\nGain (loss) on settlement of GSE CRT embedded derivatives\n(31,354)\n\u2014\u00a0\nChange in fair value of GSE CRT embedded derivatives\n(10,281)\n(12,490)\nTotal realized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net\n(35,312)\n8,343\u00a0\nDuring the year ended \nDecember\u00a031, 2020\n, \nwe recorded realized and unrealized credit derivative losses of $41.6 million, excluding embedded derivative coupon interest. T\nhe decrease from 2019 was primarily driven by a decline in the fair value of our GSE CRT embedded derivatives as asset prices declined due to spread widening. We sold all of our GSE CRTs that were accounted for as hybrid financial instruments with embedded derivatives during the year ended \nDecember\u00a031, 2020.\n56\nTable of Contents\nNet Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt\nAs discussed in Note 6 - \u201cBorrowings\u201d of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report, during 2020, certain of our counterparties seized and sold securities that we had posted as collateral for our repurchase agreements. We recorded early termination and legal fees paid to our counterparties that were associated with the termination of these repurchase agreements as a loss on extinguishment of debt and settlements of counterparty claims for less than the principal balance of our repurchase agreements as a gain on extinguishment of debt in our consolidated statement of operations.\nOther Investment Income (Loss), net\nOther investment income (loss), net in 2020 and 2019 primarily consists of quarterly dividends from FHLBI stock. The amount of our dividend income varied based upon the number of shares that we were required to own and the dividend declared per share. FHLBI redeemed our stock at cost during 2020. We terminated our FHLBI membership in the third quarter of 2020. The table below summarizes the components of other investment income (loss), net for the years ended December\u00a031, 2021, 2020 and 2019.\n\u00a0\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December\u00a031,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2020\n2019\nDividend income\n\u2014\u00a0\n2,072\u00a0\n3,944\u00a0\nGain (loss) on foreign currency transactions, net\n1\u00a0\n65\u00a0\n6\u00a0\nTotal\n1\u00a0\n2,137\u00a0\n3,950\u00a0\nOther investment income (loss), net decreased during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 compared to 2020 and during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 compared to 2019 due to the redemption of our FHLBI stock.\nExpenses\nFor the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, we incurred management fees of $21.1 million (2020: $29.4 million) that are payable to our Manager under our management agreement. Management fees decreased for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 compared to 2020 due to a lower stockholders' equity management fee base in 2021. Our management fees are calculated quarterly in arrears. Refer to Note 11 \u2013 \u201cRelated Party Transactions\u201d of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report for a discussion of our relationship with our Manager and a description of how our fees are calculated. \nFor the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 we incurred management fees of $29.4 million (2019: $38.2 million) that are payable to our Manager under our management agreement. Management fees decreased for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 compared to 2019 due to a lower stockholders' equity management fee base in 2020. \nFor the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, our general and administrative expenses not covered under our management agreement amounted to $8.2 million (2020: $10.9 million; 2019: $8.0 million). General and administrative expenses not covered under our management agreement primarily consist of directors and officers insurance, legal costs, accounting, auditing and tax services, filing fees and miscellaneous general and administrative costs. General and administrative costs were lower for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to fees paid for third-party legal and advisory services in connection with navigating market disruption associated with the COVID-19 pandemic totaling $2.6 million in 2020. General and administrative costs were higher for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to these fees. \nIssuance and Redemption Costs of Redeemed Preferred Stock\nOn June 16, 2021, we redeemed all issued and outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. The excess of the consideration transferred over carrying value was accounted for as a deemed dividend and resulted in a reduction of $4.7\u00a0million in net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders during the year ended December 31, 2021.\nNet Income (Loss) attributable to Common Stockholders \nFor the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, our net loss attributable to common stockholders was $132.5 million (2020: $1.7 billion net loss attributable to common stockholders; 2019: $319.7 million net income attributable to common stockholders) or $0.48 basic and diluted net loss per average share available to common stockholders (2020: $9.89 basic and diluted net loss per average share available to common stockholders; 2019: $2.42 basic and diluted net income per average share available to common stockholders). \n57\nTable of Contents\nFor the year ended December\u00a031, 2021, the change in net loss attributable to common stockholders compared to 2020 was primarily due to: (i) net losses on investments of $366.5 million versus $961.9 million in the 2020 period; (ii) net gains on derivative instruments of $122.6 million versus net losses on derivatives of $851.1 million in the 2020 period; (iii) net losses on credit derivatives of $35.3 million in the 2020 period; (iv) lower net interest income of $180.5 million versus $197.9 million in the 2020 period and (v) net gains on debt extinguishment of $14.7 million in the 2020 period.\nFor the year ended December\u00a031, 2020, we reported a net loss attributable to common stockholders compared to net income attributable to common stockholders in 2019 primarily due to: (i) net losses on investments of $961.9 million versus net gains on investments of $624.5 million in the 2019 period; (ii) net losses on derivative instruments of $851.1 million versus $534.8 million in the 2019 period; (iii) net losses on credit derivatives of $35.3 million versus net gains on credit derivatives of $8.3 million in the 2019 period; (iv) lower net interest income of $197.9 million versus $306.0 million in the 2019 period and (v) net gains on debt extinguishment of $14.7 million in the 2020 period.\nFor further information on the changes in net gain (loss) on investments, net gain (loss) on derivative instruments, realized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net changes in net interest income and net gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt in the 2021, 2020 and 2019 periods, see preceding discussion under \u201cGain (loss) on Investments, net\u201d, \u201cGain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments, net\u201d, \u201cRealized and Unrealized Credit Derivative Income (Loss), net\u201d, \u201cNet Interest Income\u201d and \u201cNet Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt\u201d.\nNon-GAAP Financial Measures \nThe table below shows the non-GAAP financial measures we use to analyze our operating results and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. We believe these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors in assessing our performance as discussed further below.\nNon-GAAP Financial Measure\nMost Directly Comparable U.S. GAAP Measure\nEarnings available for distribution (and by calculation, earnings available for distribution per common share)\nNet income (loss) attributable to common stockholders (and by calculation, basic earnings (loss) per common share)\nEffective interest income (and by calculation, effective yield)\nTotal interest income (and by calculation, earning asset yields)\nEffective interest expense (and by calculation, effective cost of funds)\nTotal interest expense (and by calculation, cost of funds)\nEffective net interest income (and by calculation, effective interest rate margin)\nNet interest income (and by calculation, net interest rate margin)\nEconomic debt-to-equity ratio\nDebt-to-equity ratio\nCommencing with the quarter ended June 30, 2021, we changed the title of our non-GAAP measure of core earnings (and by calculation, core earnings per common share) to earnings available for distribution (and by calculation, earnings available for distribution per common share) to clarify what the measure presents. The adjustments made to reconcile net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders to earnings available for distribution are identical to those adjustments that we previously made to determine core earnings.\nWe adjust our calculations of non-GAAP financial measures for changes in the composition of our investment portfolio where appropriate. We have historically excluded the impact of realized and unrealized gains and losses on GSE CRT embedded derivatives from the calculation of earnings available for distribution. Beginning in 2021, realized and unrealized gains and losses on GSE CRT embedded derivatives no longer impacted the reconciliation of U.S. GAAP net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders to earnings available for distribution because we sold all of our GSE CRTs that were accounted for as hybrid financial instruments during 2020. Additionally, we have historically calculated effective interest income (and by calculation, effective yield) as U.S. GAAP total interest income adjusted for GSE CRT embedded derivative coupon interest that was recorded as realized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net. As we no longer earn embedded derivative coupon interest due to the sale of our GSE CRTs during 2020, effective interest income is equal to U.S. GAAP total interest income beginning in 2021.\nWe did not present earnings available for distribution for the year ended December 31, 2020 because earnings available for distribution excluded the material adverse impact of the market disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition. In addition, earnings available for the year ended December 31, 2020 was not indicative of the reduced earnings potential of our current investment portfolio. \nThe non-GAAP financial measures used by management should be analyzed in conjunction with U.S. GAAP financial measures and should not be considered substitutes for U.S. GAAP financial measures. In addition, the non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures of our peer companies.\n58\nTable of Contents\nEarnings Available for Distribution (formerly Core Earnings)\nOur business objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders, primarily through dividends and secondarily through capital appreciation. We use earnings available for distribution as a measure of our investment portfolio\u2019s ability to generate income for distribution to common stockholders and to evaluate our progress toward meeting this objective. We calculate earnings available for distribution as U.S. GAAP net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders adjusted for (gain) loss on investments, net; realized (gain) loss on derivative instruments, net; unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments, net; realized and unrealized (gain) loss on GSE CRT embedded derivatives, net; TBA dollar roll income; (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions, net; amortization of net deferred (gain) loss on de-designated interest rate swaps; and net (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt.\nBy excluding the gains and losses discussed above, we believe the presentation of earnings available for distribution provides a consistent measure of operating performance that investors can use to evaluate our results over multiple reporting periods and, to a certain extent, compare to our peer companies. However, because not all of our peer companies use identical operating performance measures, our presentation of earnings available for distribution may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by our peer companies. We exclude the impact of gains and losses when calculating earnings available for distribution because (i) when analyzed in conjunction with our U.S. GAAP results, earnings available for distribution provides additional detail of our investment portfolio\u2019s earnings capacity and (ii) gains and losses are not accounted for consistently under U.S. GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, certain gains and losses are reflected in net income whereas other gains and losses are reflected in other comprehensive income. For example, a portion of our mortgage-backed securities are classified as available-for-sale securities, and we record changes in the valuation of these securities in other comprehensive income on our consolidated balance sheets. We elected the fair value option for our mortgage-backed securities purchased on or after September 1, 2016, and changes in the valuation of these securities are recorded in other income (loss) in our consolidated statements of operations. In addition, certain gains and losses represent one-time events. We may add and have added additional reconciling items to our earnings available for distribution calculation as appropriate.\nTo maintain our qualification as a REIT, U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that we distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income annually, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. We have historically distributed at least 100% of our REIT taxable income. Because we view earnings available for distribution as a consistent measure of our investment portfolio's ability to generate income for distribution to common stockholders, earnings available for distribution is one metric, but not the exclusive metric, that our board of directors uses to determine the amount, if any, and the payment date of dividends on our common stock. However, earnings available for distribution should not be considered as an indication of our taxable income, a guaranty of our ability to pay dividends or as a proxy for the amount of dividends we may pay, as earnings available for distribution excludes certain items that impact our cash needs.\nEarnings available for distribution is an incomplete measure of our financial performance and there are other factors that impact the achievement of our business objective. We caution that earnings available for distribution should not be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP), or as an indication of our cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP), a measure of our liquidity or as an indication of amounts available to fund our cash needs.\n59\nTable of Contents\nThe table below provides a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders to earnings available for distribution for the following periods:\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December 31,\n$ in thousands, except per share data\n2021\n2019\nNet income (loss) attributable to common stockholders\n(132,477)\n319,675\u00a0\nAdjustments:\n(Gain) loss on investments, net\n366,509\u00a0\n(624,466)\nRealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments, net \n(1)\n(156,157)\n597,077\u00a0\nUnrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments, net \n(1)\n17,743\u00a0\n(26,482)\nRealized and unrealized (gain) loss on GSE CRT embedded derivatives, net \n(2)\n\u2014\u00a0\n12,490\u00a0\nTBA dollar roll income \n(3)\n40,058\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n(Gain) loss on foreign currency transactions, net \n(4)\n(1)\n(6)\nAmortization of net deferred (gain) loss on de-designated interest rate swaps \n(5)\n(22,000)\n(23,729)\nSubtotal\n246,152\u00a0\n(65,116)\nEarnings available for distribution\n113,675\u00a0\n254,559\u00a0\nBasic earnings (loss) per common share\n(0.48)\n2.42\u00a0\nEarnings available for distribution per common share \n(6)\n0.41\u00a0\n1.92\u00a0\n(1)\nU.S. GAAP gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net on the consolidated statements of operations includes the following components:\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December 31,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2019\nRealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\n156,157\u00a0\n(597,077)\nUnrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\n(17,743)\n26,482\u00a0\nContractual net interest income (expense) on interest rate swaps\n(15,803)\n35,840\u00a0\nGain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\n122,611\u00a0\n(534,755)\n(2)\nU.S. GAAP realized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net on the consolidated statements of operations includes the following components:\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December 31,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2019\nRealized and unrealized gain (loss) on GSE CRT embedded derivatives, net\n\u2014\u00a0\n(12,490)\nGSE CRT embedded derivative coupon interest\n\u2014\u00a0\n20,833\u00a0\nRealized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net\n\u2014\u00a0\n8,343\u00a0\n(3)\nA TBA dollar roll is a series of derivative transactions where TBAs with the same specified issuer, term and coupon but different settlement dates are simultaneously bought and sold. The TBA settling in the later month typically prices at a discount to the TBA settling in the earlier month. TBA dollar roll income represents the price differential between the TBA price for current month settlement versus the TBA price for forward month settlement. We include TBA dollar roll income in earnings available for distribution because it is the economic equivalent of interest income on the underlying Agency securities, less an implied financing cost, over the forward settlement period. TBA dollar roll income is a component of gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net on our consolidated statements of operations.\n60\nTable of Contents\n(4)\nU.S. GAAP other investment income (loss), net on the consolidated statements of operations includes the following components:\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December 31,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2019\nDividend income\n\u2014\u00a0\n3,944\u00a0\nGain (loss) on foreign currency transactions, net\n1\u00a0\n6\u00a0\nOther investment income (loss), net\n1\u00a0\n3,950\u00a0\n(5)\nU.S. GAAP repurchase agreements interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations includes the following components:\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December 31,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2019\nInterest expense on repurchase agreements outstanding\n10,710\u00a0\n454,426\u00a0\nAmortization of net deferred (gain) loss on de-designated interest rate swaps\n(22,000)\n(23,729)\nRepurchase agreements interest expense\n(11,290)\n430,697\u00a0\n(6)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0Earnings available for distribution per common share is equal to earnings available for distribution divided by the basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding.\nThe components of earnings available for distribution for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2019 are:\n\u00a0\nYears Ended December 31,\n$ in thousands\n2021\n2019\nEffective net interest income\n(1)\n142,689\u00a0\n338,991\u00a0\nTBA dollar roll income\n40,058\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nDividend income\n\u2014\u00a0\n3,944\u00a0\nEquity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated ventures\n870\u00a0\n2,224\u00a0\n(Increase) decrease in provision for credit losses\n1,768\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\nTotal expenses\n(29,233)\n(46,174)\nSubtotal\n156,152\u00a0\n298,985\u00a0\nDividends to preferred stockholders\n(37,795)\n(44,426)\nIssuance and redemption costs of redeemed preferred stock\n(4,682)\n\u2014\u00a0\nEarnings available for distribution\n113,675\u00a0\n254,559\u00a0\n(1)\nSee below for a reconciliation of net interest income to effective net interest income, a non-GAAP measure. \nEarnings available for distribution for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 was driven by effective net interest income and TBA dollar roll income. Earnings available for distribution for the year ended December 31, 2019 was driven by effective net interest income. As discussed above, we did not report earnings available for distribution for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020. \n61\nTable of Contents\nEffective Interest Income / Effective Yield/ Effective Interest Expense / Effective Cost of Funds / Effective Net Interest Income / Effective Interest Rate Margin\nPrior to 2021, we calculated effective interest income (and by calculation, effective yield) as U.S. GAAP total interest income adjusted for GSE CRT embedded derivative coupon interest that was recorded as realized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net. We included our GSE CRT embedded derivative coupon interest in effective interest income because GSE CRT coupon interest was not accounted for consistently under U.S. GAAP. We accounted for GSE CRTs purchased before August 24, 2015 as hybrid financial instruments, but elected the fair value option for GSE CRTs purchased on or after August 24, 2015. Under U.S. GAAP, coupon interest on GSE CRTs accounted for using the fair value option was recorded as interest income, whereas coupon interest on GSE CRTs accounted for as hybrid financial instruments was recorded as realized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss). We added back GSE CRT embedded derivative coupon interest to our total interest income because we considered GSE CRT embedded derivative coupon interest a current component of our total interest income irrespective of whether we elected the fair value option for the GSE CRT or accounted for the GSE CRT as a hybrid financial instrument. \nWe calculate effective interest expense (and by calculation, effective cost of funds) as U.S. GAAP total interest expense adjusted for contractual net interest income (expense) on our interest rate swaps that is recorded as gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net and the amortization of net deferred gains (losses) on de-designated interest rate swaps that is recorded as repurchase agreements interest expense. We view our interest rate swaps as an economic hedge against increases in future market interest rates on our floating rate borrowings. We add back the net payments on our interest rate swap agreements to our total U.S. GAAP interest expense because we use interest rate swaps to add stability to interest expense. We exclude the amortization of net deferred gains (losses) on de-designated interest rate swaps from our calculation of effective interest expense because we do not consider the amortization a current component of our borrowing costs.\nWe calculate effective net interest income (and by calculation, effective interest rate margin) as U.S. GAAP net interest income adjusted for contractual net interest income (expense) on our interest rate swaps that is recorded as gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net; the amortization of net deferred gains (losses) on de-designated interest rate swaps that is recorded as repurchase agreement interest expense and GSE CRT embedded derivative coupon interest that is recorded as realized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net.\nWe believe the presentation of effective interest income, effective yield, effective interest expense, effective cost of funds, effective net interest income and effective interest rate margin measures, when considered together with U.S. GAAP financial measures, provide information that is useful to investors in understanding our borrowing costs and operating performance.\nThe following table reconciles total interest income to effective interest income and yield to effective yield for the following periods:\nYears Ended December 31,\n2021\n2020\n2019\n$ in thousands\nReconciliation\nYield/Effective Yield\nReconciliation\nYield/Effective Yield\nReconciliation\nYield/Effective Yield\nTotal interest income\n169,202\u00a0\n1.92\u00a0\n%\n280,166\u00a0\n3.55\u00a0\n%\n778,367\u00a0\n3.78\u00a0\n%\nAdd: GSE CRT embedded derivative coupon interest recorded as realized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n6,323\u00a0\n0.08\u00a0\n%\n20,833\u00a0\n0.11\u00a0\n%\nEffective interest income\n169,202\u00a0\n1.92\u00a0\n%\n286,489\u00a0\n3.63\u00a0\n%\n799,200\u00a0\n3.89\u00a0\n%\nOur effective interest income decreased for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 versus 2020 due to lower asset yields primarily as a result of our asset sales in the first half of 2020. Changes in effective yield for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 versus 2020 are primarily due to changes in portfolio composition. Almost all of our investment portfolio (excluding TBAs) was invested in Agency RMBS during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. \nOur effective interest income decreased for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 versus 2019 primarily due to lower average earning assets. Our average earning assets decreased to $7.9 billion for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 from $20.6 billion for the year ended December\u00a031, 2019 primarily because we sold a substantial portion of our MBS and GSE CRT portfolio during the first half of 2020 due to disruption in the financial markets caused by the COVID-19 pandemic as previously discussed. Changes in effective yield for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 versus 2019 are primarily due to changes in our portfolio composition.\n62\nTable of Contents\nThe following table reconciles total interest expense to effective interest expense and cost of funds to effective cost of funds for the following periods:\nYears Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n2019\n$ in thousands\nReconciliation\nCost of Funds / Effective Cost of Funds\nReconciliation\nCost of Funds / Effective Cost of Funds\nReconciliation\nCost of Funds / Effective Cost of Funds\nTotal interest expense\n(11,290)\n(0.14)\n%\n82,262\u00a0\n1.19\u00a0\n%\n472,320\u00a0\n2.52\u00a0\n%\nAdd: Amortization of net deferred gain (loss) on de-designated interest rate swaps\n22,000\u00a0\n0.28\u00a0\n%\n23,794\u00a0\n0.34\u00a0\n%\n23,729\u00a0\n0.13\u00a0\n%\nAdd (Less): Contractual net interest expense (income) on interest rate swaps recorded as gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\n15,803\u00a0\n0.20\u00a0\n%\n(8,047)\n(0.12)\n%\n(35,840)\n(0.19)\n%\nEffective interest expense\n26,513\u00a0\n0.34\u00a0\n%\n98,009\u00a0\n1.41\u00a0\n%\n460,209\u00a0\n2.46\u00a0\n%\nOur effective interest expense and effective cost of funds decreased for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 versus 2020 primarily due to a lower average cost of funds reflecting decreases in the Federal Funds rate. Lower total interest expense was partially offset by contractual net interest expense on interest rate swaps of $15.8 million during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 compared to $8.0 million of contractual net interest income for the same period in 2020. \nOur effective interest expense and effective cost of funds decreased for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 versus 2019 primarily due to lower interest expense paid on repurchase agreements. We recorded total interest expense of $82.3 million for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 compared to $472.3 million for the same period in 2019 due to lower average borrowings and a lower Federal Funds rate.\nThe following table reconciles net interest income to effective net interest income and net interest rate margin to effective interest rate margin for the following periods:\nYears Ended December 31,\n\u00a0\n2021\n2020\n2019\n$ in thousands\nReconciliation\nNet Interest Rate Margin / Effective Interest Rate Margin\nReconciliation\nNet Interest Rate Margin / Effective Interest Rate Margin\nReconciliation\nNet Interest Rate Margin / Effective Interest Rate Margin\nNet interest income\n180,492\u00a0\n2.06\u00a0\n%\n197,904\u00a0\n2.36\u00a0\n%\n306,047\u00a0\n1.26\u00a0\n%\nLess: Amortization of net deferred (gain) loss on de-designated interest rate swaps\n(22,000)\n(0.28)\n%\n(23,794)\n(0.34)\n%\n(23,729)\n(0.13)\n%\nAdd: GSE CRT embedded derivative coupon interest recorded as realized and unrealized credit derivative income (loss), net\n\u2014\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n%\n6,323\u00a0\n0.08\u00a0\n%\n20,833\u00a0\n0.11\u00a0\n%\nAdd (Less): Contractual net interest income (expense) on interest rate swaps recorded as gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net\n(15,803)\n(0.20)\n%\n8,047\u00a0\n0.12\u00a0\n%\n35,840\u00a0\n0.19\u00a0\n%\nEffective net interest income\n142,689\u00a0\n1.58\u00a0\n%\n188,480\u00a0\n2.22\u00a0\n%\n338,991\u00a0\n1.43\u00a0\n%\nEffective net interest income for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 decreased versus 2020 primarily due to lower asset yields as a result of our asset sales in the first half of 2020 that were partially offset by a lower average cost of funds reflecting decreases in the Federal Funds rate. Effective interest rate margin for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 decreased versus 2020 due to changes in portfolio composition.\nEffective net interest income for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 decreased versus 2019 primarily due to lower average earning asset balances that were partially offset by lower average borrowings and a lower effective cost of funds driven \n63\nTable of Contents\nby cuts in the Federal Funds rate. Effective interest rate margin for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 increased versus 2019 due to changes in portfolio composition, including related repurchase agreement borrowings, and a lower Federal Funds rate.\nEconomic Debt-to-Equity Ratio\nThe tables below show the allocation of our stockholders' equity to our target assets, our debt-to-equity ratio, and our economic debt-to-equity ratio as of December\u00a031, 2021 and December\u00a031, 2020. Our debt-to-equity ratio is calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP and is the ratio of total debt to total stockholders' equity. As of December\u00a031, 2021, approximately 93% of our equity is allocated to Agency RMBS.\nWe present an economic debt-to-equity ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure of leverage that considers the impact of the off-balance sheet financing of our investments in TBAs that are accounted for as derivative instruments under U.S. GAAP. We include our TBAs at implied cost basis in our measure of leverage because a forward contract to acquire Agency RMBS in the TBA market carries similar risks to Agency RMBS purchased in the cash market and funded with on-balance sheet liabilities. Similarly, a contract for the forward sale of Agency RMBS has substantially the same effect as selling the underlying Agency RMBS and reducing our on-balance sheet funding commitments. We believe that presenting our economic debt-to-equity ratio, when considered together with our U.S. GAAP financial measure of debt-to-equity ratio, provides information that is useful to investors in understanding how management evaluates our at-risk leverage and gives investors a comparable statistic to those other mortgage REITs who also invest in TBAs and present a similar non-GAAP measure of leverage. \nDecember\u00a031, 2021\n$ in thousands\nAgency RMBS\nCredit Portfolio \n(1)\nTotal\nMortgage-backed securities\n7,732,281\u00a0\n71,978\u00a0\n7,804,259\u00a0\nCash and cash equivalents \n(2)\n357,134\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n357,134\u00a0\nRestricted cash\n(3)\n219,918\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n219,918\u00a0\nDerivative assets, at fair value \n(3)\n\u2014\u00a0\n270\u00a0\n270\u00a0\nOther assets\n25,728\u00a0\n36,532\u00a0\n62,260\u00a0\nTotal assets\n8,335,061\u00a0\n108,780\u00a0\n8,443,841\u00a0\nRepurchase agreements\n6,987,834\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n6,987,834\u00a0\nDerivative liabilities, at fair value \n(3)\n14,356\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n14,356\u00a0\nOther liabilities\n35,596\u00a0\n3,920\u00a0\n39,516\u00a0\nTotal liabilities\n7,037,786\u00a0\n3,920\u00a0\n7,041,706\u00a0\nTotal stockholders' equity (allocated)\n1,297,275\u00a0\n104,860\u00a0\n1,402,135\u00a0\nDebt-to-equity ratio \n(4)\n5.4\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n5.0\u00a0\nEconomic debt-to-equity ratio \n(5)\n6.6\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n6.2\u00a0\n(1)\nInvestments in non-Agency CMBS, non-Agency RMBS, commercial loans and unconsolidated joint ventures are included in credit portfolio.\n(2)\nCash and cash equivalents is allocated based on our financing strategy for each asset class.\n(3)\nRestricted cash and derivative assets and liabilities are allocated based on our hedging strategy for each asset class.\n(4)\nDebt-to-equity ratio is calculated as the ratio of total repurchase agreements to total stockholders' equity.\n(5)\nEconomic debt-to-equity ratio is calculated as the ratio of total repurchase agreements and TBAs at implied cost basis ($1.6 billion as of December\u00a031, 2021\n)\n to total stockholders' equity.\n64\nTable of Contents\nDecember\u00a031, 2020\n$ in thousands\nAgency RMBS\nCredit Portfolio \n(1)\nTotal\nMortgage-backed securities\n8,050,865\u00a0\n121,317\u00a0\n8,172,182\u00a0\nCash and cash equivalents \n(2)\n148,011\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n148,011\u00a0\nRestricted cash \n(3)\n243,963\u00a0\n610\u00a0\n244,573\u00a0\nDerivative assets, at fair value \n(3)\n9,893\u00a0\n111\u00a0\n10,004\u00a0\nOther assets\n17,606\u00a0\n40,475\u00a0\n58,081\u00a0\nTotal assets\n8,470,338\u00a0\n162,513\u00a0\n8,632,851\u00a0\nRepurchase agreements\n7,228,699\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n7,228,699\u00a0\nDerivative liabilities, at fair value \n(3)\n5,537\u00a0\n807\u00a0\n6,344\u00a0\nOther liabilities\n27,114\u00a0\n3,536\u00a0\n30,650\u00a0\nTotal liabilities\n7,261,350\u00a0\n4,343\u00a0\n7,265,693\u00a0\nTotal stockholders' equity (allocated)\n1,208,988\u00a0\n158,170\u00a0\n1,367,158\u00a0\nDebt-to-equity ratio \n(4)\n6.0\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n5.3\u00a0\nEconomic debt-to-equity ratio \n(5)\n7.4\u00a0\n\u2014\u00a0\n6.6\u00a0\n(1)\nInvestments in non-Agency CMBS, non-Agency RMBS, a commercial loan and unconsolidated joint ventures are included in credit portfolio.\n(2)\nCash and cash equivalents is allocated based on our financing strategy for each asset class.\n(3)\nRestricted cash and derivative assets and liabilities are allocated based on our hedging strategy for each asset class.\n(4)\nDebt-to-equity ratio is calculated as the ratio of total repurchase agreements to total stockholders' equity.\n(5)\nEconomic debt-to-equity ratio is calculated as the ratio of total repurchase agreements and TBAs at implied cost basis ($1.8 billion as of December\u00a031, 2020) to total stockholders' equity.\nLiquidity and Capital Resources\nLiquidity is a measurement of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to pay dividends, fund investments, repay borrowings and fund other general business needs. Our primary sources of funds for liquidity consist of the net proceeds from our common and preferred equity offerings, net cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from repurchase agreements and other financing arrangements and future issuances of equity and/or debt securities. \nWe currently believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources available for the acquisition of additional investments, repayments on borrowings, margin requirements and the payment of cash dividends as required for continued qualification as a REIT. We generally maintain liquidity to pay down borrowings under repurchase arrangements to reduce borrowing costs and otherwise efficiently manage our long-term investment capital. Because the level of these borrowings can be adjusted on a daily basis, the level of cash and cash equivalents carried on our consolidated balance sheets is significantly less important than our potential liquidity available under borrowing arrangements or through the sale of liquid investments. However, there can be no assurance that we will maintain sufficient levels of liquidity to meet any margin calls.\nThe COVID-19 pandemic-driven disruptions in the real estate, mortgage and financial markets negatively affected our liquidity during the year ended December 31, 2020. Under the terms of our repurchase agreements, our lenders have the contractual right to mark the underlying securities that we post as collateral to fair value as determined in their sole discretion. In addition, our lenders have the contractual right to increase the \u201chaircut\u201d, or percentage amount by which collateral value must exceed the amount of borrowings, as market conditions become more volatile. As a result of significant spread widening in both Agency and non-Agency securities in the latter part of the first quarter of 2020, valuations of our portfolio assets declined sharply in a short period of time, leading to an exceptional increase in the frequency and magnitude of margin calls. We sold portfolio assets to generate liquidity, in many cases at significantly distressed market prices. Additionally, our lenders raised required haircuts on our collateral for new repurchase agreements, driving further liquidity needs. These events have led us to seek to avoid financing less liquid assets, such as non-Agency securities, with repurchase agreements. See Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Report for more information on how the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact our liquidity and capital resources.\n65\nTable of Contents\nWe held cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of $577.1 million at December\u00a031, 2021 (2020: $392.6 million). Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash increased due to normal fluctuations in cash timing of principal and interest payments, repayments of debt, and asset purchases and sales. Our operating activities provided net cash of approximately $152.3 million for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 (2020: $170.5 million; 2019: $343.4 million). \nOur investing activities provided net cash of $120.7 million for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 (2020: provided net cash of $11.6 billion; 2019: used net cash of $4.3 billion). Our primary source of cash from investing activities during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 was $16.3 billion from the sale of MBS. We also generated $825.2 million from principal payments of MBS and received cash of $156.2 million to settle derivative contracts during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. We used cash of $17.1 billion to purchase MBS during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. \nDuring the year ended December\u00a031, 2020, we sold MBS and GSE CRT for proceeds of $25.0 billion. We also generated $892.6 million from principal payments of MBS and GSE CRT during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020. We used cash to purchase $13.6 billion of MBS and GSE CRT securities during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020. We also used cash of $844.6 million on derivative contracts during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 primarily as we sold Agency securities and our sensitivity to interest rates decreased.\nDuring the year ended December\u00a031, 2019, we used cash to purchase $9.2 billion of MBS and GSE CRT securities. Purchases were partially funded by principal payments from MBS and GSE CRT securities of $2.2 billion, proceeds from MBS and GSE CRT sales of $3.3 billion, and through investing and leveraging proceeds of common stock offerings.\nOur financing activities used net cash of $88.6 million for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 (2020: used net cash of $11.6 billion; 2019: provided net cash of $4.1 billion). \nOur financing activities for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021 primarily consisted of net principal repayments on our repurchase agreements of $240.9 million. We paid dividends of $133.1 million and used cash of $140.0 million to redeem our Series A Preferred Stock during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. Proceeds from the issuance of common stock provided $430.5 million during the year ended December\u00a031, 2021.\nOur financing activities for the year ended December\u00a031, 2020 primarily consisted of net principal repayments on our repurchase agreements of $10.3 billion. In addition, we repaid secured loans of $1.65 billion and paid dividends of $137.5 million. Proceeds from the issuance of common stock provided $420.7 million during the year ended December\u00a031, 2020. \nOur financing activities for the year ended December\u00a031, 2019 primarily consisted of net proceeds from repurchase agreements of $3.9 billion. We also raised proceeds of $509.1 million from the issuance of common stock and paid dividends of $271.2 million.\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, the average margin requirement (weighted by borrowing amount), or the haircut, under our repurchase agreements was 4.8% for Agency RMBS. The haircuts ranged from a low of 3% to a high of 5%. Declines in the value of our securities portfolio can trigger margin calls by our lenders under our repurchase agreements. An event of default or termination event may give our counterparties the option to terminate all repurchase transactions outstanding with us and require any amount due from us to the counterparties to be payable immediately.\nEffects of Margin Requirements, Leverage and Credit Spreads\nOur securities have values that fluctuate according to market conditions and the market value of our securities will decrease as prevailing interest rates or credit spreads increase. When the value of the securities pledged to secure a repurchase loan decreases to the point where the positive difference between the collateral value and the loan amount is less than the haircut, our lenders may issue a \u201cmargin call,\u201d which means that the lender will require us to pay cash or pledge additional collateral. Under our repurchase facilities, our lenders have full discretion to determine the value of the securities we pledge to them. Most of our lenders will value securities based on recent trades in the market. Lenders also issue margin calls as the published current principal balance factors change on the pool of mortgages underlying the securities pledged as collateral when scheduled and unscheduled paydowns are announced monthly.\nWe experience margin calls and increased collateral requirements in the ordinary course of our business. In seeking to effectively manage the margin requirements established by our lenders, we maintain a position of cash and unpledged securities. We refer to this position as our liquidity. The level of liquidity we have available to meet margin calls is directly affected by our leverage levels, our haircuts and the price changes on our securities. If interest rates increase as a result of a yield curve shift or for another reason or if credit spreads widen, then the prices of our collateral (and our unpledged assets that constitute our liquidity) will decline, we will experience margin calls, and we will seek to use our liquidity to meet the margin calls. There can be no assurance that we will maintain sufficient levels of liquidity to meet any margin calls or increased collateral requirements. If our haircuts increase, our liquidity will proportionately decrease. In addition, if we increase our borrowings, our liquidity will decrease by the amount of additional haircut on the increased level of indebtedness.\n66\nTable of Contents\nWe intend to maintain a level of liquidity in relation to our assets that enables us to meet reasonably anticipated margin calls and increased collateral requirements but that also allows us to be substantially invested in securities. We may misjudge the appropriate amount of our liquidity by maintaining excessive liquidity, which would lower our investment returns, or by maintaining insufficient liquidity, which would force us to liquidate assets into unfavorable market conditions and harm our results of operations and financial condition.\nWe are subject to financial covenants in connection with our lending, derivatives and other agreements we enter into in the normal course of our business. We intend to operate in a manner which complies with all of our financial covenants. Our lending and derivative agreements provide that we may be declared in default of our obligations if our leverage ratio exceeds certain thresholds and we fail to maintain stockholders\u2019 equity or market value above certain thresholds over specified time periods.\nForward-Looking Statements Regarding Liquidity\nAs of December\u00a031, 2021, we held $7.3 billion of Agency securities that are financed by repurchase agreements. We also had approximately $514.1 million of unencumbered investments and unrestricted cash of $357.1 million as of December\u00a031, 2021. As of December\u00a031, 2021, our known contractual obligations primarily consist of $7.0 billion of repurchase agreement borrowings with a weighted average remaining maturity of 29 days. We generally intend to refinance the majority of our repurchase agreement borrowings at market rates upon maturity. Repurchase agreement borrowings that are not refinanced upon maturity are typically repaid through the use of cash on hand or proceeds from sales of securities. We are also committed to fund $6.5 million in additional capital to our unconsolidated joint ventures to cover future expenses should they occur.\nBased upon our current portfolio and existing borrowing arrangements, we believe that cash flow from operations and available borrowing capacity will be sufficient to enable us to meet anticipated short-term (one year or less) liquidity requirements to fund our investment activities, pay fees under our management agreement, fund our required distributions to stockholders and fund other general corporate expenses.\nOur ability to meet our long-term (greater than one year) liquidity and capital resource requirements will be subject to obtaining additional debt financing. We may increase our capital resources by obtaining long-term credit facilities or through public or private offerings of equity or debt securities, possibly including classes of preferred stock, common stock, senior or subordinated notes and convertible notes. Such financing will depend on market conditions for capital raises and our ability to invest such offering proceeds. If we are unable to renew, replace or expand our sources of financing on substantially similar terms, it may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.\nDividends\nTo maintain our qualification as a REIT, U.S.\u00a0federal income tax law generally requires that we distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income annually, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. We must pay tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we annually distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income. Before we pay any dividend, whether for U.S.\u00a0federal income tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating requirements and debt service on our repurchase agreements and other debt payable. If our cash available for distribution is less than our REIT taxable income, we could be required to sell assets or borrow funds to make cash distributions, or we may make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities.\nAs discussed above, our distribution requirements are based on REIT taxable income rather than U.S. GAAP net income. The primary differences between our REIT taxable income and U.S. GAAP net income are: (i) unrealized gains and losses on investments that we have elected the fair value option for that are included in current U.S. GAAP income but are excluded from REIT taxable income until realized or settled; (ii) gains and losses on derivative instruments that are included in current U.S. GAAP net income but are excluded from REIT taxable income until realized; and (iii) temporary differences related to amortization of premiums and discounts on investments. For additional information regarding the characteristics of our dividends, refer to Note 12 \u2013 \u201cStockholders' Equity\u201d of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report.\nUnrelated Business Taxable Income\nWe have not engaged in transactions that would result in a portion of our income being treated as unrelated business taxable income.\n67\nTable of Contents\nExposure to Financial Counterparties\nWe finance a substantial portion of our investment portfolio through repurchase agreements. Under these agreements, we pledge assets from our investment portfolio as collateral. Additionally, certain counterparties may require us to provide cash collateral in the event the market value of the assets declines to maintain a contractual repurchase agreement collateral ratio. If a counterparty were to default on its obligations, we would be exposed to potential losses to the extent the fair value of collateral pledged by us to the counterparty including any accrued interest receivable on such collateral exceeded the amount loaned to us by the counterparty plus interest due to the counterparty.\n As of December\u00a031, 2021, no counterparty held collateral that exceeded the amounts borrowed under the related repurchase agreements by more than $70.1 million, or 5% of our stockholders\u2019 equity. The following table summarizes our exposure under repurchase agreements to counterparties by geographic concentration as of December\u00a031, 2021. The information is based on the geographic headquarters of the counterparty or counterparty's parent company. However, our repurchase agreements are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. \n$ in thousands\nNumber of Counterparties\nRepurchase Agreement Financing\nExposure\nNorth America\n11\u00a0\n4,265,161\u00a0\n219,940\u00a0\nEurope (excluding United Kingdom)\n2\u00a0\n614,623\u00a0\n28,202\u00a0\nAsia\n4\u00a0\n1,917,804\u00a0\n99,182\u00a0\nUnited Kingdom\n1\u00a0\n190,246\u00a0\n8,018\u00a0\nTotal\n18\u00a0\n6,987,834\u00a0\n355,342\u00a0\nOther Matters\nWe believe that we satisfied each of the asset tests in Section\u00a0856(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the \u201cCode\u201d) at the end of each calendar quarter in 2021. We also believe that our revenue qualifies for the 75% source of income test and for the 95% source of income test rules for the year ended December\u00a031, 2021. Consequently, we believe we met the REIT income and asset test as of December\u00a031, 2021. We also met all REIT requirements regarding the stock ownership and distribution of dividends of our taxable income as of December\u00a031, 2021. Therefore, as of December\u00a031, 2021, we believe that we qualified as a REIT under the Code.\nAt all times, we intend to conduct our business so that neither we nor our Operating Partnership nor the subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership are required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. If we were required to register as an investment company, then our use of leverage would be substantially reduced. Because we are a holding company that conducts our business through our Operating Partnership and the Operating Partnership\u2019s wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, the securities issued by these subsidiaries that are excepted from the definition of \u201cinvestment company\u201d under Section\u00a03(c)(1) or Section\u00a03(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities the Operating Partnership may own, may not have a combined value in excess of 40% of the value of the Operating Partnership\u2019s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. This requirement limits the types of businesses in which we are permitted to engage in through our subsidiaries. In addition, we believe neither we nor the Operating Partnership are considered an investment company under Section\u00a03(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act because they do not engage primarily or hold themselves out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, through the Operating Partnership\u2019s wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, we and the Operating Partnership are primarily engaged in the non-investment company businesses of these subsidiaries. IAS Asset I LLC and certain of the Operating Partnership\u2019s other subsidiaries that we may form in the future rely upon the exclusion from the definition of \u201cinvestment company\u201d under the 1940 Act provided by Section\u00a03(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities \u201cprimarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate.\u201d This exclusion generally requires that at least 55% of each subsidiary\u2019s portfolio be comprised of qualifying assets and at least 80% be comprised of qualifying assets and real estate-related assets (and no more than 20% comprised of miscellaneous assets). We calculate that as of December\u00a031, 2021, we conducted our business so as not to be regulated as an investment company under the 1940 Act.", "item7a": ">Item\u00a07A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.\nThe primary components of our market risk are related to interest rate, principal prepayment and market value. While we do not seek to avoid risk completely, we believe the risk can be quantified from historical experience and we seek to actively manage that risk, to earn sufficient compensation to justify taking those risks and to maintain capital levels consistent with the risks we undertake.\n68\nTable of Contents\nFor additional discussion of market risk associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, see Item Part I. Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Report.\nInterest Rate Risk\nInterest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental, monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, and other factors beyond our control. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our investments and our repurchase agreements. Our repurchase agreements are typically short-term in nature and are periodically refinanced at current market rates. We typically mitigate this interest rate risk by utilizing derivative contracts, primarily interest rate swap agreements.. \nInterest Rate Effect on Net Interest Income\nOur operating results depend in large part upon differences between the yields earned on our investments and our cost of borrowing and interest rate hedging activities. During periods of rising interest rates, the borrowing costs associated with our investments tend to increase while the income earned on our fixed interest rate investments may remain substantially unchanged. This increase in borrowing costs results in the narrowing of the net interest spread between the related assets and borrowings and may even result in losses. Further, defaults could increase and result in credit losses to us, which could adversely affect our liquidity and operating results. Such delinquencies or defaults could also have an adverse effect on the spread between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.\nHedging techniques are partly based on assumed levels of prepayments of our RMBS. If prepayments are slower or faster than assumed, the life of the RMBS will be longer or shorter, which would reduce the effectiveness of any hedging strategies we may use and may cause losses on such transactions. Hedging strategies involving the use of derivative securities are highly complex and may produce volatile returns.\nInterest Rate Effects on Fair Value\nAnother component of interest rate risk is the effect that changes in interest rates will have on the market value of the assets that we acquire. We face the risk that the market value of our assets will increase or decrease at different rates than those of our liabilities, including our hedging instruments.\nWe primarily assess our interest rate risk by estimating the duration of our assets and the duration of our liabilities. Duration measures the market price volatility of financial instruments as interest rates change. We generally calculate duration using various financial models and empirical data. Different models and methodologies can produce different duration values for the same securities.\nThe impact of changing interest rates on fair value can change significantly when interest rates change materially. Therefore, the volatility in the fair value of our assets could increase significantly in the event interest rates change materially. In addition, other factors impact the fair value of our interest rate-sensitive investments and hedging instruments, such as the shape of the yield curve, market expectations as to future interest rate changes and other market conditions. Accordingly, changes in actual interest rates may have a material adverse effect on us.\nSpread Risk\nWe employ a variety of spread risk management techniques that seek to mitigate the influences of spread changes on our book value and our liquidity to help us achieve our investment objectives. We refer to the difference between interest rates on our investments and interest rates on risk free instruments as spreads. The yield on our investments changes over time due to the level of risk free interest rates, the creditworthiness of the security, and the price of the perceived risk. The change in the market yield of our interest rate hedges also changes primarily with the level of risk free interest rates. We manage spread risk through careful asset selection, sector allocation, regulating our portfolio value-at-risk, and maintaining adequate liquidity. Changes in spreads impact our book value and our liquidity and could cause us to sell assets and to change our investment strategy to maintain liquidity and preserve book value. \nUnprecedented government responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, including fiscal stimulus, monetary policy actions, and various purchase and financing programs have impacted and will continue to impact credit spreads.\n69\nTable of Contents\nPrepayment Risk\nAs we receive prepayments of principal on our investments, premiums paid on these investments are amortized against interest income. In general, an increase in prepayment rates will accelerate the amortization of purchase premiums, thereby reducing the interest income earned on the investments. Conversely, discounts on such investments are accreted into interest income. In general, an increase in prepayment rates will accelerate the accretion of purchase discounts, thereby increasing the interest income earned on the investments.\nHistorically low interest rates, high interest rate volatility, uncertainties related to government policies on mortgage finance in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, social distancing, and other factors have made it more difficult to predict prepayment levels for the securities in our portfolio. As a result, it is possible that realized prepayment behavior will be materially different from our expectations.\nExtension Risk\nWe compute the projected weighted average life of our investments based upon assumptions regarding the rate at which the borrowers will prepay the underlying mortgages. In general, when a fixed-rate or hybrid adjustable-rate security is acquired with borrowings, we may, but are not required to, enter into an interest rate swap agreement or other hedging instrument that effectively fixes our borrowing costs for a period close to the anticipated average life of the fixed-rate portion of the related assets. This strategy is designed to protect us from rising interest rates, because the borrowing costs are fixed for the duration of the fixed-rate portion of the related target asset.\nHowever, if prepayment rates decrease in a rising interest rate environment, then the life of the fixed-rate portion of the related assets could extend beyond the term of the swap agreement or other hedging instrument. This could have a negative impact on our results from operations, as borrowing costs would no longer be fixed after the end of the hedging instrument, while the income earned on the hybrid adjustable-rate assets would remain fixed. This situation may also cause the market value of our hybrid adjustable-rate assets to decline, with little or no offsetting gain from the related hedging transactions. In extreme situations, we may be forced to sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause us to incur losses.\nMarket Risk\nMarket Value Risk\nOur available-for-sale securities are reflected at their estimated fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in other comprehensive income under ASC Topic 320. The estimated fair value of these securities fluctuates primarily due to changes in interest rates and other factors. Generally, in a rising interest rate environment, the estimated fair value of these securities would be expected to decrease; conversely, in a falling interest rate environment, the estimated fair value of these securities would be expected to increase.\nThe COVID-19 pandemic and related preventative measures have caused unprecedented volatility and illiquidity in fixed income markets. The amount of financing we receive under our repurchase agreements is directly related to our counterparties\u2019 valuation of our assets that collateralize the outstanding repurchase agreement financing. As a result, if these market conditions persist, margin call risk remains elevated and our operating results and financial condition may be materially impacted. \nThe sensitivity analysis table presented below shows the estimated impact of an instantaneous parallel shift in the yield curve, up and down 50 and 100 basis points, on the market value of our interest rate-sensitive investments and net interest income, including net interest paid or received under interest rate swaps, at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, assuming a static portfolio and constant financing and credit spreads. When evaluating the impact of changes in interest rates, prepayment assumptions and principal reinvestment rates are adjusted based on our Manager\u2019s expectations. The analysis presented utilized assumptions, models and estimates of our Manager based on our Manager\u2019s judgment and experience.\nAt December\u00a031, 2021\nAt December\u00a031, 2020\nChange\u00a0in\u00a0Interest\u00a0Rates\nPercentage\u00a0Change\u00a0in\u00a0\nProjected Net Interest Income\nPercentage\u00a0Change\u00a0in\u00a0\nProjected Portfolio Value\nPercentage\u00a0Change\u00a0in\u00a0\nProjected Net Interest Income\nPercentage\u00a0Change\u00a0in\u00a0\nProjected Portfolio Value\n+1.00%\n(3.27)\n%\n(1.61)\n%\n29.73\u00a0\n%\n(1.91)\n%\n+0.50%\n(0.19)\n%\n(0.52)\n%\n20.76\u00a0\n%\n(0.61)\n%\n-0.50%\n(1.96)\n%\n(0.38)\n%\n(23.01)\n%\n(0.73)\n%\n-1.00%\n(16.33)\n%\n(2.11)\n%\n(46.95)\n%\n(1.59)\n%\nCertain assumptions have been made in connection with the calculation of the information set forth in the foregoing interest rate sensitivity table and, as such, there can be no assurance that assumed events will occur or that other events will not occur that would affect the outcomes. The base interest rate scenarios assume interest rates at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020. \n70\nTable of Contents\nFurthermore, while the analysis reflects the estimated impact of interest rate increases and decreases on a static portfolio, we actively manage the size and composition of our investment and swap portfolios, which can result in material changes to our interest rate risk profile.\nOur scenario analysis assumes a floor of 0% for U.S. Treasury yields. Given the relatively low interest rates at December\u00a031, 2021 and 2020, to be consistent, we also applied a floor of 0% for all related funding costs. Due to this floor, we anticipate that declines in funding costs resulting from a significant interest rate decrease would be limited. At the same time, increases in prepayment speed forecasts resulting from lower rates are also limited by this assumption. For purposes of our calculations, the net interest income projections are determined for each specific security.\n \nIn contrast, for the market value analysis, this floor may limit the gains in market values in scenarios where the interest rate drops significantly.\nThe information set forth in the interest rate sensitivity table above and all related disclosures constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimated in the foregoing interest rate sensitivity table.\nReal Estate Risk\nResidential and commercial property values are subject to volatility and may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions (such as the supply of housing stock or other property sectors); changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay our loans, which could also cause us to suffer losses.\nCredit Risk\nWe retain the risk of potential credit losses on all of our residential and commercial mortgage investments. We seek to manage this risk through our pre-acquisition due diligence process. In addition, we re-evaluate the credit risk inherent in our investments on a regular basis pursuant to fundamental considerations such as GDP, unemployment, interest rates, retail sales, store closings/openings, corporate earnings, housing inventory, affordability and regional home price trends. We also review key loan credit metrics including, but not limited to, payment status, current loan-to-value ratios, current borrower credit scores and debt yields. These characteristics assist in determining the likelihood and severity of loan loss as well as prepayment and extension expectations. We then perform structural analysis under multiple scenarios to establish likely cash flow profiles and credit enhancement levels relative to collateral performance projections. This analysis allows us to quantify our opinions of credit quality and fundamental value, which are key drivers of portfolio management decisions.\nAmid the COVID-19 vaccine program and progress toward controlling the pandemic, the U.S. economy has strengthened despite elevated case counts largely fueled by the Omicron variant. This pick-up in economic activity has translated to improving employment levels and increased activity in residential and commercial real estate. While loan delinquencies remain elevated, they continue to decline from their post-pandemic peak levels. In particular, multi-family and single-family housing have been aided by government support and generous forbearance practices. Further, stimulative monetary policies have helped support real estate activity and property valuations. Despite these positives, many borrowers continue to experience difficulties meeting their obligations or seek to forbear or further forbear payment on their mortgage loans. As a result, loans may continue to experience elevated delinquency levels and eventual defaults, which could impact the performance of our mortgage-backed securities. We also expect credit rating agencies to continue to reassess transactions negatively impacted by these adverse changes, which may result in our investments being downgraded. \nForeign Exchange Rate Risk\nAs of December 31, 2021, we have an investment of \u20ac9.2 million in an unconsolidated joint venture whose net assets and results of operations are exposed to foreign currency translation risk when translated in U.S. dollars upon consolidation. We have historically sought to hedge our foreign currency exposures by purchasing currency forward contracts.\nThe unconsolidated venture is in liquidation and plans to sell or settle its remaining investments as expeditiously as possible. \nRisk Management\nTo the extent consistent with maintaining our REIT qualification, we seek to manage risk exposure to protect our investment portfolio against the effects of major interest rate changes. We generally seek to manage this risk by:\n\u2022\nmonitoring and adjusting, if necessary, the reset index and interest rate related to our target assets and our financings;\n71\nTable of Contents\n\u2022\nattempting to structure our financing agreements to have a range of different maturities, terms, amortizations and interest rate adjustment periods;\n\u2022\nexploring options to obtain financing arrangements that are not marked to market;\n\u2022\nusing hedging instruments, primarily interest rate swap agreements but also financial futures, options, interest rate cap agreements, floors and forward sales to adjust the interest rate sensitivity of our target assets and our borrowings; and\n\u2022\nactively managing, on an aggregate basis, the interest rate indices, interest rate adjustment periods, and gross reset margins of our target assets and the interest rate indices and adjustment periods of our financings.", "companyName": "Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc", "cusip": "46090E103"}