Better Decisions for a Better World2021 ESG  
Impact Report

1. Introduction 
CEO letter 
Infographic
2. Environmental 
Introduction 
Our Carbon Reduction Commitment and Actions 
 ●Sustainable Sourcing Strategy
 ●Real Estate Footprint 
 ●Energy Efficiency Practices 
 ●Travel Optimization 
 ●Responsible Investment Strategy in the U.K. 
Accelerating Clients’ Climate Resiliency and Response
 ●Risk Transfer Innovation
 ●Proactive Climate Action Strategies
Setting the Standard for Collaboration and Market Solutions 
Collaborations and commitments 
 ●Green Horizons Summit at COP26 3 
4 
6
7 
8 
9 
9
11 
11
11
11
13
13
15
16
17 
173. Social 
Introduction 
Aon United Culture and Values 
Inclusion and Diversity 
 ●Our Inclusive People Leadership Strategy 
 ●Diversity in Talent Attraction and Development 
 ○The Aon Apprenticeship Program 
 ●Leadership Commitments 
Wellbeing 
Supplier Diversity 
Community 
 ●Philanthropy 
4. Governance  
Introduction 
Linking Governance and Purpose
Our Board of Directors 
Our ESG Governance
How We Help Clients in Their ESG Journey
 ●Corporate Governance and ESG Advisory
 ●Navigating ESG Risks 
 ○Cyber 
 ○Directors & Officers Insurance 
5. Appendices18 
19 
20 
21 
21 
22
23
23 
24 
26 
27 
27
28 
29 
30
31 
32
33
33
33 
33 
35 
362021 ESG Impact Report
2Contents
Introduction
1
2021 ESG Impact Report4I am proud to present to you Aon’s 2021 ESG  
Impact Report. 
It was a year in which we faced new and ongoing 
obstacles, made progress on critical challenges and 
achieved hard earned successes. 
Our firm exists to shape decisions for the better — to 
protect and enrich the lives of people around the world. 
Aon’s aim is to help businesses thrive while ensuring 
the communities they serve and the people they employ 
flourish. In our highly volatile, fast-paced world, we look 
to provide the world’s decision makers with the clarity 
and confidence to make better decisions.
The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have 
fundamentally disrupted the way we work, live and 
conduct business. Now, more than ever, resilience 
and growth are dependent on business leaders 
taking action to respond to environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) risks and opportunities. ESG-related 
challenges such as extreme weather events, supply 
chain disruptions and public health crises continue to 
bring great volatility and uncertainty to our world. We 
are at pivotal moment as a firm, but more importantly 
as a society. It is why throughout 2021, we continued to 
advance our ESG strategy, capabilities and solutions to 
enable better decisions that help build a better world. 
Aon’s values are at the heart of our ability to drive 
impact around the world. They define who we are as a 
firm and drive the very behaviors that help Aon shape 
decisions for the better.A message from  
our CEO
1
1
2021 ESG Impact Report5Together, we are:
 ●Committed as one firm to our purpose
 ●United through trust as one inclusive, diverse team
 ●Passionate about making our colleagues and 
clients successful
By working together as one firm and enabling our 
colleagues to bring the best of Aon to address client 
needs — delivering our Aon United approach — 
we’ve brought together the breadth and depth of our 
global firm’s expertise, insights, technology and data 
and analytics to strengthen our ESG strategy and 
offerings, enabling our firm and our clients to create 
more sustainable value.
Together, we’ve focused on enhancing our 
operations and delivering market-leading solutions 
to meet today’s challenges — including an ESG 
risk-assessment tool to help clients chart their ESG 
journey and monitor and respond to risks in real time. 
Aon Business Services (ABS) has enabled us to 
further align our business initiatives to our ESG 
goals. The efficiencies we are now able to create 
across the firm through digitization and automation 
accelerate distribution of new solutions globally, 
improves the client experience, and reduces our 
overall carbon footprint. Our ESG initiatives demonstrate our commitment to our 
various stakeholders and the communities in which we 
live and work: 
Environmental
We are leading a broad commercial and societal push 
to decarbonize the economy and to improve resiliency 
in the changing climate. This means helping our clients 
prepare for and respond to the challenges posed by 
the impacts of climate change, committing our firm to 
be carbon neutral by 2030 and collaborating with the 
public and private sectors to ensure we are building 
resilience together. 
Social
We are supporting initiatives that create greater equity 
and inclusion in business and society, starting with our 
culture and talent strategy. We believe our colleagues 
and culture power the Aon United strategy and we 
continue to strive to strengthen and empower our 
inclusive, diverse team. Our social commitments align 
with our business commitments and are embedded 
in our culture, work with clients, business practices, 
community involvement and philanthropic efforts.Governance
Strong governance is at the core of what we do as a 
firm. Our own model is built for transparency and trust, 
helping us bring our purpose to life and create value for 
our clients and colleagues. In our client work, we help 
businesses navigate change in real time and create the 
structures, processes and models that lead to better 
decisions and accountability throughout the organization. 
Despite the tremendous challenges we faced as a firm 
and a society in 2021, and we will continue to face in 
2022 and beyond, we remain quite optimistic about the 
future. The evolution our firm is going through is nothing 
short of transformational and the efforts and outcomes 
delivered by our colleagues is nothing short of inspiring. 
This report, which details our ESG priorities and efforts, 
is a direct reflection of our belief that united, as a firm 
and as a society, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
Thank you,
Greg Case 
CEO, Aon plc
1
2021 ESG Impact Report61
The Aon ESG Impact Report
1Environmental Social GovernanceESG at Aon — Better Decisions for a Better World
Helping clients manage risk, including ESG risk, is at the core of what we do. We see significant opportunity to enhance our own 
impact and deliver innovative client solutions.
Carbon neutral by 2030, driven 
by our Aon Business Services 
platform:
Climate solutions help clients 
assess risk and transition to 
resilient business models:We help clients navigate change 
and complexity , with structure 
and processes that lead to better 
decisions:Aon’s Health and Wealth Solutions 
enable clients to protect and grow their 
organizations and their people: ●Using lower-carbon vendors 
and moving to smaller, 
greener real estate
 ●Being thoughtful about work 
and travel through Smart 
Working to efficiently bring 
the full firm to clients
12% emissions reduction from 
our 2019 baseline
 ●Analytics and expertise including 
climate modeling and Impact 
Forecasting help clients quantify 
and modify risk
 ●Innovative risk transfer in 
catastrophe bonds, green 
captives, parametric insurance 
and intellectual property solutions 
to support green innovation ●ESG risk assessment and  
advisory connects to applicable 
Aon solutions
 ●Tools like CyQu help quantify 
cyber risk and support  
risk management
 ●Expertise in optimizing D&O 
strategy and execution ●Help mitigate rising healthcare  
costs and improve employee health 
and wellbeing
 ●Increase workforce resilience
 ●Provide a more secure future for 
their stakeholders  ●Listen to frequent colleague feedback 
(or through surveys) and rapid action 
to assess and drive engagement
 ●Smart Working and Inclusive People 
Leadership strategies are designed  
to support our people
 ●Focus on workforce resilience and 
wellbeing, led by Chief Wellbeing Officer ●Board review of ESG within 
Enterprise Risk Management 
 ●Executive ESG Committee  
drives strategy 
 ●Strong cyber security, compliance 
and data privacy programsOur Aon United strategy , which defines 
our culture, is considered when we 
hire, retain, develop, reward and 
support our people:Risk mitigation and governance 
through firm-wide policies  
and processes:
Smart Working 
Colleagues work in-office, 
remotely, or both — wherever 
they’re most effective — 
which improves engagement 
and wellbeing and reduces 
travel and commutingInclusive People Leadership  
is essential to Aon United 
culture:
 ●Board of Directors  
Inclusion & Diversity (I&D)  
sub-committee
 ●20% of executive 
discretionary incentive 
compensation is based on 
I&D goals
 ●Global Inclusive Leadership 
Council embeds I&D 
strategy and actions at all 
local levels
 ●Gender diversity at 
every level  with women 
representing: 45% of Aon 
Executive Committee, 
42% of managers and 
52% of new hires in 2021
 ●Diverse representation 
and talent attraction 
through programs 
like Apprenticeships 
and partnerships with 
historically Black colleges 
and universities Supplier Diversity  
and Sustainability 
Our centralized purchasing 
through Aon Business 
Services enables ESG goals.  
Aon Diversity Solutions  
helps clients achieve their 
own goalsOur Own Impact Solutions for Clients2021 Colleague Engagement of 80%1
62021 ESG Impact Report
Environmental
2
1
2021 ESG Impact Report8
Climate risk and response has rapidly moved up the 
agendas for leaders everywhere as extreme weather 
events and new research findings highlight the risks to 
lives and livelihoods. Our research and analysis found 
that in 2021, economic losses from natural disasters 
were estimated at $343 billion, 27 percent above the 
21st century average. The protection gap for those 
losses is 62 percent. Yet, even as these events rise 
in frequency and severity and the costs mount, many 
companies are still seeking to understand their risk 
exposures and how to embed environmental and ESG 
risk into their decision making
We know the stakes are high, the immense magnitude 
of the challenge requires every organization to play 
a part, and better decisions today are essential for 
our shared future. Our ESG strategy is focused on 
three major areas of environmental impact — our 
own decarbonization efforts and investments in 
sustainability, our work to accelerate clients’ climate 
resiliency and response and convening leaders and 
organizations to collaborate and scale our ambitions. 
82Introduction2021 ESG Impact Report
2021 ESG Impact Report92Our Carbon Reduction 
Commitment and Actions
Currently, our emissions footprint is largely from our 
supply chain, real estate and travel. We’re taking steps 
to further mitigate those emissions by:
 ●Continuing our sustainable sourcing strategy, enabled 
by our Aon Business Services platform (ABS)
 ●Reducing the impact of our real estate footprint by 
reducing the space we use and improving energy 
efficiency across our real estate portfolio and 
technology, including through renewable energy
 ●Thoughtfully limiting our travel and commuting 
footprint through our Smart Working strategySustainable Sourcing Strategy
In 2021, we continued our collaboration with our 
suppliers to collectively reduce emissions through 
responsible sourcing practices, including conducting 
supplier climate-risk assessments and aligning our 
sustainability goals during the procurement process. 
Historically, we’ve taken steps to centralize our third-
party spend and now, around 90 percent of spend 
today is managed through preferred channels on our 
Aon Business Services (ABS) platform. “Being in the 
business of better ESG decisions starts with our own 
procurement strategy. Our net-zero ambitions tap our 
strong relationships and technology and capability 
investments, including ABS, ” says Michael Benvenuto, 
chief procurement officer. “ABS provides insight into 
both the efficiency of our spend and the emissions 
footprint, enabling us to strategically manage our net-
zero commitment and procurement goals. ”
Within ABS, we continue to digitize processes, 
achieving greater efficiency and accuracy while 
reducing emissions. In 2021, we continued to use 
electronic invoicing and purchase orders, badge printing 
and DocuSign. Collectively, these initiatives saved over: 
 ●21 million sheets of paper
 ●573,000 kilograms of carbon dioxide equivalent
 ●9.7 million liters of waterIn 2021, Aon committed to achieving net-zero emissions 
by 2030 in alignment with Science Based Targets, 
joining the global effort to manage the effects of climate 
change through bold and ambitious actions. “We have a 
responsibility to meet this pivotal moment with actions 
that will lead to impact, ” says Abigail Neary, head of 
sustainability. “And there is always more to be done. 
We’ve developed our own priorities and controls with 
the aid of scientific research and will work to mitigate 
the effects of climate change today while preparing our 
world for the future generations that will live, work and 
thrive here. ”   
Our targets are in the process of being validated by the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and we expect 
to report our progress through our annual report to the 
Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP).
Our Environmental Policy reinforces our pledge to pursue 
sustainable business solutions and provides a global 
framework and controls for more responsible operations.
In 2021, we enhanced tracking and reporting of our 
footprint to include our Scope 3 emissions, covering 
all indirect emissions that occur in our supply chain, 
expanding our baseline to include all Scope 3 emissions, 
as compared to estimates in prior years which included 
only business travel. Given the impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic on our activity in 2020, we have measured 
against a pre-pandemic benchmark from 2019. Since 
then, we’ve reduced emissions 12 percent, with the 
majority of overall reductions coming from our  
supply chain. Tons of CO2e, ThousandsGreenhouse Gas Emissions
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 32019 2021538
472–12%
614
2422
442502
2021 ESG Impact Report102
Impact story: 
Reducing waste while supporting schools    
Aon teamed up with the charity Digital Access for All (DAF A) to help bridge 
the digital poverty gap by donating usable data-wiped laptops and old Aon 
equipment that can be sold through a specific market with the sale proceeds 
used to buy equipment for schools. This way, schools are getting equipment 
that they can either use in school or provide to families for remote learning, 
which causes less waste from an environmental perspective. By teaming up 
with DAF A, we have been able to find a sustainable long-term solution that 
will make a meaningful impact for future generations throughout the U.K. 
As we expand the use of green materials in our offices, we are working with partners to 
improve purchased product life cycles and responsible end-of-use equipment practices. 
We have moved from ownership to leasing of hardware through our third-party partners 
— which enables end-of-life recycling for printers, print cartridges and laptops — and our 
office products are increasingly refurbished to reduce waste. We also donate to local 
communities to extend the life cycle of materials and products. 
2021 ESG Impact Report112
Real Estate Footprint 
Even before the COVID-19 pandemic brought a new way 
of working into the world, Aon was taking measures to 
become an agile, flexible working space that’s designed 
to enable connectivity and collaboration. During the 
pandemic, investments in real estate and our ABS 
platform enabled us to shift 98 percent of employees 
to remote work over the course of a week. As we go 
forward, we’re using our Smart Working strategy to 
support employees in working wherever is most efficient 
for them to best serve clients or colleagues. With this 
strategy, we’ve been able to reduce our total leased 
space over the past five years, while at the same time 
empowering our people to more effectively serve clients 
and colleagues.    
Energy Efficiency Practices
We are also working to reduce the carbon footprint of 
our office buildings and business operations through 
ecologically sound energy and digital solutions. Aon 
strives to meet rigorous standards for green technology 
and environmentally conscious development, and 
we’ve achieved ISO 14001 environmental management 
certification for larger office buildings in Chicago, 
London, Singapore and Madrid. Today, 71 percent of Aon’s leased square footage in 
North America is in spaces certified by the Leadership in 
Energy and Environmental Design program or Building 
Research Establishment Environmental Assessment 
Method, and we have already begun the switch to 
completely renewable electricity in Ireland, Italy, the 
Netherlands, Spain, and the UK.
Travel Optimization
As part of our Smart Working strategy, we are making 
more conscious and purposeful decisions regarding 
travel, while continuing to maintain the highest levels of 
client service and collaboration among colleagues. Our 
investments in virtual and remote working technology 
make it easy and effective for employees to connect 
from anywhere around the world, enabling seamless 
connectivity and reducing our overall travel footprint.Responsible Investment Strategy in the U.K.
Investing in a better world is part of our larger ESG 
effort. We value responsible, sustainable investment 
that enables people and businesses to build their 
future while making a positive impact in the lives 
of others and on the planet. In our UK-delegated 
portfolios, Aon has committed to a 50 percent 
reduction in carbon emissions by 2030 within 
investment portfolios and default strategies offered 
through the Aon MasterTrust and the BigBlue Touch, 
our Group Personal Pension Plan. By 2050, Aon U.K. 
aims to have a net-zero carbon emissions profile in our 
UK-delegated portfolios and default strategies.
Our work reflects a larger push. Our research has 
found that investors are now three times more likely 
to say that responsible investing will soon become the 
norm and indistinguishable from mainstream investing. 
More than two-in-five (42 percent) intend to align their 
investment portfolios to net-zero emissions before 
2050 — and one-in-six (16 percent) have already made 
this commitment. Respondents agreed that climate 
change, along with regulation, will be the primary 
drivers for responsible investing. 
2021 ESG Impact Report122
We aim to be at the forefront of responsible 
investing. Our wide range of services, spanning ESG 
integration, engagement and stewardship, climate 
change and impact investing, empowers investors 
to develop and implement responsible investment 
strategies that will best serve their scheme 
objectives. We provide ESG-integrated delegated 
investment and single-strategy solutions, including 
Aon’s Global Impact Fund. 
The opportunity to contribute to a better world — and 
see sustainable, long-term returns — is significant. 
By encouraging environmental stewardship among 
asset owners and asset managers, mitigating 
risk with the aid of an ESG dashboard and 
delivering solutions focused on a lowering carbon 
footprint, Aon is taking action today to support the 
environmental wellbeing of tomorrow.
2021 ESG Impact Report132
Today’s economy is overexposed to climate risk, and the 
immediacy and scale of the climate change challenge is 
pushing Aon and others to set a new pace for progress 
in risk solutions and decarbonization efforts. In 2021, 
we continued our work to create opportunities for 
economies and societies to thrive amid climate risk, 
including collaborations with clients, governments and 
academia. Responding to that challenge requires us to 
work on two fronts: risk transfer and risk mitigation. At 
the same time, we are also helping our clients with the 
shift to net-zero, beginning with identifying capital to 
invest in decarbonization technologies.  Risk Transfer Innovation 
Our clients — and societies across the globe — need to 
find ways to measure the threat and formulate the right 
response to climate change. Pricing and transferring 
risk will allow them to grow while allocating investment 
to long-term resilience strategies. We are developing 
leading, targeted solutions with alternative structures 
such as catastrophe bonds and other insurance-
linked securities. In 2021 alone, we advised $13 billion 
in issuances of insurance-linked securities, helping 
mitigate economic challenges as natural disasters 
increase in frequency and severity. Accelerating Clients’ Climate 
Resiliency and Response 

2021 ESG Impact Report14
Impact story: 
Collaborating to close the protection gap and strengthen resilience against natural disasters 
In 2021, Aon, USAID and the World Bank teamed up to aid Jamaica in responding to hurricane risk through 
catastrophe coverage. Jamaica and other areas in the Caribbean have experienced devastating hurricanes 
that caused significant damage to infrastructure, businesses and homes, as well as residents’ physical safety. 
For Jamaica, building resilience and the ability to rapidly respond to severe weather events requires financial 
protection. These jointly developed catastrophe bonds will deliver $185 million in immediate liquidity in 
the event of a natural disaster. The funds provide immediate humanitarian relief and allow communities to 
immediately begin rebuilding the infrastructure on which their people depend. 2
14
2021 ESG Impact Report
2021 ESG Impact Report152
Proactive Climate Action Strategies
Extending our impact beyond risk transfer solutions, we 
are developing and strengthening proprietary tools and 
leading cross-sector collaborations to pave the way for 
more proactive climate decisions and resilience on an 
accelerated timetable. 
For instance, our Weather Solution insurance cover uses 
parametric triggers to bridge those gaps and provide 
coverage for clients impacted by natural disasters. This 
innovative approach to environmental threats considers 
factors like wave height, river depth and hydrological 
triggers for clients in flood-prone areas. Based on these 
findings, Aon recently worked with a client to secure 
coverage for any category 2 or above hurricane within 
50 kilometers of their two major facilities. Responsive 
solutions like this give clients the support they need in 
the face of the developing risks and costs of climate 
change. 
Our other leading approaches around assessing climate 
risk include:
 ●Impact Forecasting — Our premier catastrophe 
model development center of excellence helps 
clients understand their climate risk through 
physical and financial risk modeling and analysis. 
Impact Forecasting brings together seismologists, 
meteorologists, hydrologists, engineers, 
mathematicians, geographic risk experts, 
geographers, finance, risk management and 
insurance professionals and serves clients of all types.  ●Impact on Demand — Aon’s digital analytics 
platform for efficiently and accurately visualizing 
and quantifying risk exposures. The platform helps 
companies quickly identify risks and create reports 
that aid in better climate and ESG decisions. 
 ●Climate Maturity Curve — An illustrative tool for 
companies to assess where they are in their journey 
toward a robust climate strategy. The tool serves 
as a foundational element for climate action, 
including identifying the greatest areas of risk and 
opportunity to prioritize. 
 ●Physical and Transition Risk Quantification Using 
our expertise and a toolkit of modeling capabilities, 
catastrophe and climate models and partnerships 
with third party data providers, Aon quantifies 
the impact climate change scenarios will have on 
businesses. The analysis considers several different 
Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP) 
scenarios that could make the impact more or  
less severe.
Additionally, Aon is playing a key role in convening 
knowledge, research and science from premier 
institutions and bringing it to the business sector. 
“Our reinsurance colleagues are partnering with 
several notable academic institutions to build forward-
looking climate risk into their natural hazard modeling 
capabilities, ” says Richard Dudley, global head of 
climate strategy. For example, our partnership with Columbia University 
brings leading academic climate research to our work 
modeling weather risk exposures, particularly for 
tropical cyclone perils. In doing so, we’re seeking to 
better quantify the climate risk in insurers’ and our 
clients’ portfolios and inform better decisions — in 
pricing, investments and exposure management. Rather 
than work with fragmented data and varying research 
studies, we can create consensus and consistency. This 
enables us to better serve our clients and calibrate our 
climate solutions to the most realistic future scenarios. 
Looking forward, we expect to expand this partnership 
to other weather events and geographies. 
162
We recognize that addressing climate change in high-
impact ways, reaching net-zero emissions more broadly 
and providing a path for growth and investment amid 
climate risk will not happen without collaboration 
across the global economy. To achieve that, we have 
taken a leadership position in the insurance industry 
with respect to client issues and are participating in 
collaborations and partnerships that convene leaders 
across sectors.  Setting the Standard 
for Collaboration and 
Market Solutions 2021 ESG Impact Report
2021 ESG Impact Report172
 ●Member of the Centre for Sustainable Finance in the 
U.K. and a founding member of ClimateWise
 ●Signatory to the U.N. ’s Principles for Sustainable 
Insurance and the U.N. Principles for Responsible 
Investing
 ●Aon CEO Greg Case participated in a session on 
financing resilience at the Vatican’s and Notre Dame 
University’s third Dialogue on Energy Transition
 ●Continual participant in insurance industry forums 
such as the Insurance Development Forum
 ●Signatory to the Terra Carta in support of the 
Sustainable Markets Initiative and co-lead of two 
of the workstreams — one devoted to developing a 
Public to Private Solution Framework for a variety 
of catastrophe perils and economies and one 
seeking to accelerate product innovation across the 
insurance industry
 ●Aon is an observer on the Task Force on Nature-
related Financial Disclosures that is working to 
deliver a market-led framework for organizations to 
report and act on evolving nature-related risksCollaborations and Commitments 
Green Horizons Summit at COP26
In 2021, we were proud to take part the Green 
Horizons Summit (GHS@COP26), organized by the 
City of London Corporation and the Green Finance 
Institute and sponsored by Aon, which set out to 
mobilize private capital in the global push to achieve 
net-zero emissions across the economy by 2050. 
GHS@COP26 tackled the big questions we face in 
accelerating the flow of capital into climate and nature 
friendly investments, translating commitments into 
action and helping financial institutions “green” their 
business models.
Aon was privileged to share perspectives and insights 
on several key topics, including financing net-zero, 
modeling climate risk, disaster resilience and the 
role of insurance and investment in mitigating and 
managing risk. 

Social
3

1
2021 ESG Impact Report19
193Introduction
Aon remains steadfast in its commitment to its 
colleagues, clients and communities. During uncertain 
times, it is even more vital that we live by our values 
as a firm to foster a culture of inclusion, diversity and 
wellbeing within our organization to enable growth 
and resiliency. 
The Aon United focus on collaboration, inclusive 
leadership, innovation and client service is the 
foundation of our culture. This framework energizes 
and engages our colleagues, making them feel 
more relevant, connected and valued as they seek 
to shape decisions for the better and achieve their 
full professional potential. In the past year, Aon has 
continued to build on actions and programs that 
support inclusion, diversity, workforce wellbeing and 
civic outreach to build an equitable culture within the 
organization and beyond.2021 ESG Impact Report
2021 ESG Impact Report203
The Aon United Blueprint guides our culture and 
values. We know our people are the key to creating 
sustainable, long-term value, so we’ve continued our 
efforts to strengthen our culture in tangible ways. We 
believe in building a culture of opportunity for our 
people, one that enables each of us to bring our best 
each day and do great work for clients. This includes 
four foundational strategies:
 ●Delivering Aon United informs the way our colleagues 
work together and scale strategies across the firm to 
deliver value to our clients, setting a new standard 
for client leadership. 
 ●Our Inclusive People Leadership strategy ensures 
all colleagues are equipped and motivated to model 
Aon United values and behaviors. 
 ●Greater workplace efficiency supported by Aon 
Business Services allows our colleagues to shift 
their focus to innovation and the client experience, 
bringing our purpose to life.  
 ●Our Innovation at Scale strategy enables us to 
address growing unmet client needs in managing 
volatility, achieving greater access to capital and 
building resilient workforces in addition to creating 
new solutions for clients. Aon United Culture and Values
Aon seeks new ways to recognize and appreciate our 
workforce, including firm-wide holidays and unique 
benefits. In 2021, the Aon United Growth Ownership 
Plan granted a one-time, stock-based award to eligible 
colleagues who were active on September 24, 2021, 
enabling nearly all colleagues to share in the long-term 
value-creation opportunity in the firm.
We also seek to create paths for all our colleagues to 
reach their full potential and create an environment 
of trust and collaboration. One example of this 
commitment is our Smart Working approach, which 
offers options to work at home, in the office or in a 
hybrid workstyle. 
“Smart Working provides the flexibility colleagues 
need to be the best that they can be and bring their full 
selves to work for our clients and each other, ” explains 
Stacy Smithers, head of strategy, People Organization. 
The aim of Smart Working and workstyles is to create 
a healthy, productive, inclusive and sustainable way 
of working, enabling colleagues to deliver their best 
work for clients from wherever they are best placed to 
do so. Smart Working addresses the changing nature 
of the workplace by connecting colleagues with their 
managers to determine which workstyle is best. By creating this dialogue, managers and colleagues 
ensure that colleague needs are aligned with client 
needs, coaching needs, collaboration opportunities 
and chances for colleagues to connect and celebrate. 
Not only does this strategy reinforce our culture, it also 
helps manage our overall environmental footprint from 
business travel, commuting and real estate impact.
We measure the impact of our efforts through 
engagement surveys, using the data to continue 
creating value through our talent strategy.  In 2021, 
38,000 Aon colleagues (82 percent) shared their 
feedback in our all-colleague pulse survey. Our 
engagement score was 80% continuing to record our 
highest colleague engagement scores in over a decade.
2021 ESG Impact Report213
We believe that diverse, inclusive teams produce 
better insight, better solutions and ultimately the best 
outcomes for clients and Aon’s long-term success, and 
we are focused on being a firm that is representative of 
the communities in which we operate. 
 As of December 31, 2021:
 ●Aon’s global workforce was 54 percent women 
 ●At the manager level, 26 percent of senior leaders 
and 42 percent of managers with one or more direct 
report are women.
 ●Aon’s U.S. workforce was 24 percent racially/
ethnically diverse, calculated as a percentage of 
colleagues that have voluntarily disclosed their race/
ethnicity to Aon. At the manager level, 13 percent of 
U.S. senior leaders and 17 percent of U.S. managers 
with one or more direct reports identified as racially/
ethnically diverse.
In 2021: 
 ●New global colleague hires for the year were 52 
percent women 
 ●New U.S. hires in 2021 were 34 percent racially/
ethnically diverse.Our Inclusive People Leadership Strategy   
Aon embeds inclusion and diversity (I&D) throughout 
its culture, and its employees are given the tools to 
practice these values in their daily work. In 2021, 
we launched our Inclusive People Leadership 
strategy, which calls on all colleagues to be leaders 
in embracing and modeling our Aon United values 
and behaviors. “Every colleague and leader in the 
organization is the chief diversity officer, ” says Lisa 
Stevens, chief people officer and head of Global 
Human Capital Solutions. “Everyone has a role to play 
in creating an equitable, inclusive workplace, one that 
reflects the world outside. ” 
Aon colleagues participate in unconscious bias 
training, and managers benefit from learning and 
development programs about allyship and inclusive 
leadership. We make I&D training available for 
colleagues at every level of the firm. Available 
diversity training topics include Recognizing and 
Managing Unconscious Bias and Unconscious 
Bias in Recruiting, which includes an accreditation 
for leaders. In 2021, Aon expanded the use of an 
inclusion index to assess a team’s diversity to more 
than 400 managers around the world, helping set 
priorities for more diverse hiring, promotions  
and education. Inclusion and Diversity
Voluntary, colleague-led business resource groups 
also give Aon employees a forum to discuss shared 
aspects of their diverse backgrounds. These business 
resource groups support the full and multifaceted 
identities of Aon colleagues; chapters include the 
Aon Pride Alliance, Aon Veterans United, Multicultural 
Group, Black Professional Network, Mental Health, 
Empowering Abilities and Women in Technology. In 
2021, we had 102 different business resource group 
chapters across 14 countries. 
Diversity in Talent Attraction and Development
Aon is committed to I&D in its staffing practices 
and people management efforts. This commitment 
is evident at all stages of a new Aon employee’s 
professional journey — from recruiting to opportunities 
for professional growth and advancement. Aon has 
committed to recognizing and elevating potential talent 
from diverse backgrounds. In recruiting early-career 
professionals, Aon hiring managers work with colleges 
and universities to attract talent from underrepresented 
populations in surrounding communities. We have also 
established a presence with historically Black colleges 
and universities and the risk management school at 
St. John’s University in Queens, New York, giving Aon 
the opportunity to share industry expertise and build 
relationships with the next generation of leaders.Additionally, we maintain a focus on I&D in all areas 
of the staffing process. We use a third-party software 
provider to eliminate bias from job advertisements. 
We encourage current employees to share their 
perspectives on work and life at Aon via social media, 
increasing external access to diverse points of view. 
Hiring panels consider diversity of all kinds, and hiring 
managers participate in an accreditation program that 
highlights the value of diverse applicant pools. A digital 
inclusivity and diversity dashboard helps Aon track 
candidates through the application process to identify 
the best ways to attract and retain diverse talent.
3
22
2021 ESG Impact Report
2021 ESG Impact Report233
The Aon Apprenticeship Program
The Aon Apprenticeship Program further builds 
on our commitment to diversity and developing 
opportunities for underrepresented populations. Our 
programs in the U.S. and U.K. support high-potential 
colleagues from a large and diverse talent pool, all of 
whom help us shape better decisions for our clients. 
In the U.S., we have built a two-year full-time job and 
educational program that provides opportunities for 
those without a traditional four-year college degree. 
Aon provides apprentices with an entry point to 
a professional career at Aon — including a salary 
and benefits — as well as tuition and books as they 
pursue an associate’s degree at a partner  
community college.
The program was piloted in the U.K. in 2012, 
launched in the U.S. in Chicago in 2017 and 
expanded significantly in 2021. We have committed 
$30 million to expand this initiative, and are 
launching programs in Texas, New York, Northern 
California, Minnesota, Philadelphia and Washington, 
D.C. Aon is a founding member of OneTen, a coalition 
of leading executives committed to seeing one 
million Black Americans hired into family-sustaining 
jobs over the next 10 years. Aon was also included 
in Fortune’s 2021 Change the World List, which 
recognizes companies that seek to address unmet 
needs and contribute to better societal outcomes through activities core to their business strategy. In the 
most recent 2020 compilation, our U.K. Apprenticeship 
program was included at number 52 in the Top 100 
Apprenticeship Employers list published by the U.K. 
government.
Leadership Commitments 
We’ve embedded diversity and inclusion throughout 
our organization, starting at the top with our Board 
of Directors’ Inclusion & Diversity Sub-Committee. 
Within the firm, our Global Inclusive Leadership Council 
(GILC) leads our work, and is chaired by Jennifer Bell, 
CEO North America and Eduardo Dávila, CEO EMEA, 
and sponsored by Greg Case, CEO, and Lisa Stevens, 
chief people officer and head of Global Human Capital 
Solutions. Our GILC aligns leaders across our firm 
to work on our four I&D pillars of representation, 
promotion, recruitment and education. From the GILC, 
responsibility cascades to regional and local councils. 
Every Aon colleague is encouraged and empowered to 
practice inclusion and diversity on an individual level.
In 2021, we demonstrated our commitment to I&D 
through actions such as:
 ●Bringing our leadership together. The Inclusion and 
Diversity Sub-Committee of our Board of Directors 
met regularly with senior management to discuss 
Aon’s inclusion and diversity initiatives and progress 
across the regions in the areas of recruitment, 
education, representation and promotion.  ●Establishing the Aon Executive Committee , which 
leads the firm in delivering our Aon United strategy. 
These 22 leaders are responsible for guiding the 
firm to its full potential of Aon United, and women 
represent 45 percent of this committee.
 ●Incorporating I&D into our annual Senior Executive 
Incentive Compensation Plan to align incentives 
around our I&D objectives while also delivering 
strong financial results. In this plan, 20 percent of 
discretionary incentive compensation is based on 
quantitative I&D goals of recruitment, promotion, 
education and representation. Individual leadership 
in championing I&D and other people and culture 
objectives continue to be part of annual performance 
assessments for our leaders. 
 ●Taking steps towards transparency and accountability 
by publishing our workforce diversity data in our 
annual report and 10K, and posting our US EEO-1 
workforce diversity statistics.
These actions continue to embed inclusivity in our 
culture and outcomes, and we look forward to reporting 
further progress.
2021 ESG Impact Report243
At Aon, we define wellbeing along several essential 
dimensions: physical, mental, emotional, financial 
and social. Our wellbeing initiatives are designed 
to assist colleagues — as well as clients — by 
developing timely, relevant support networks. 
“Wellbeing, resilience and human sustainability are 
strategic priorities at Aon, ” says Rachel Fellowes, 
chief wellbeing officer. “This is because we believe 
having a ‘whole’ perspective on performance offers 
both a richer colleague and client experience and 
ensures we design better ways of doing things 
that help us bounce back and innovate over 
time. In practice, this means committing to new 
ways of measuring wellbeing, such as the Human 
Sustainability Index, and educating and empowering 
people to make meaningful changes for themselves, 
their teams and ultimately their organizations. ”
Our colleagues benefit from resources that offer 
personal connections and guidance for individual 
wellness. Employees with children can join parent 
groups to discuss the intersection of professional 
and personal lives in remote work environments, 
and employee assistance programs are available to 
colleagues seeking extra support. Virtual counseling, 
wellness apps, videos, and webinars on topics like 
nutrition, mental health and physical activity provide 
digital resources for colleagues, ensuring workforce 
assistance is always available regardless of where 
work takes place. Wellbeing

1
2021 ESG Impact Report25
Impact story: 
How clients are using data to make better wellbeing decisions     
Clients are increasingly facing interrelated challenges around wellbeing and talent attraction and retention. 
Aon surveyed more than 1,600 companies in its Global Wellbeing Survey and found that enhancing individual 
and organizational wellbeing improves business outcomes and has the greatest impact on customer 
satisfaction and retention. Although 82 percent of companies globally consider employee wellbeing a priority, 
many firms lack a wellbeing strategy in their culture, talent attraction and performance objectives. Of the 87 
percent that have wellbeing initiatives in place, only 55 percent have a strategy.
Aon colleagues recently advised a global consumer goods client on improving employee engagement and 
related business outcomes. After gaining a deeper understanding of the client’s ESG goals, colleagues 
from across the business designed an integrated solution to deliver its company-wide initiatives, including 
a global benefits offering to improve mental, physical and financial wellbeing. Monitoring, governance, and 
assessment are in place, so our client can track metrics and see the effectiveness and return in real time, 
while also allowing rapid enhancement. Most importantly, our client now has the insight to inform their future 
strategy, enabling better decisions through our partnership.
While the solution is customized to the client’s strategy and metrics, the key elements — like the ability to 
assess and monitor effectiveness and return on our platform — are scalable and replicable for other clients.3
25
2021 ESG Impact Report
1
2021 ESG Impact Report26
Economic inclusion is an important element of Aon’s 
overall commitment to building a more equitable, 
sustainable and resilient firm. Aon Diversity Solutions 
(ADS) empowers small and diverse-owned businesses 
to play a greater role within the global economy, 
supporting job creation, competitiveness, individual 
wealth and vibrancy in local communities. 
We are committed to developing valuable relationships 
with businesses that are minority-owned, woman-
owned, LGBTQ-owned, veteran-owned, small, in 
historically underutilized business zones and owned 
by people who are disabled or differently abled. We 
also provide opportunities for suppliers that can offer 
quality, innovative, competitive and cost-effective 
products and services.Supplier Diversity
To confirm our commitment, we signed Aon’s 
Commitment Statement for Global Supplier Diversity in 
2020, outlining expectations that guide procurement 
actions and contribute to growth through commercial 
impact. ADS’ Economic Inclusion strategies have also 
been embedded into Aon Client Value Creation and 
Client Service Delivery models.
ADS is led by global standards together with best and 
next practices across regions and solution lines to 
bring the best of Aon to every colleague and client so 
communities can thrive.
Through our integrated supplier and business 
diversity efforts, we have maintained 5 percent of U.S. 
addressable spend with diverse suppliers. We’ve focused 
on maintaining diverse spend despite disruptions such 
as the pandemic buying conditions of 2020 and 2021.
263
2021 ESG Impact Report
2021 ESG Impact Report273
Philanthropy
Our culture, leadership and commitment to ESG 
priorities enable us to make better decisions as we 
support communities and nonprofits through direct 
giving, collaboration and employee programs. 
Our philanthropic efforts are both ongoing and focused 
on need. In times of crisis, Aon mobilizes its resources 
to solve problems and provide aid. To help combat 
the pandemic, we recognized that we had a leading 
role to play in successful, widespread global vaccine 
distribution. In 2021, we convened players from across 
the supply chain to develop a supply-chain protection 
solution for the vaccines necessary to fight the 
pandemic globally. 
“Aon has been building client solutions using sensor 
technology in supply chain for years, ” said Lee Meyrick, 
chief executive officer, Global Marine, Commercial Risk 
Solutions. “Knowing global distribution of COVID-19 
vaccines would need to overcome myriad obstacles, we 
built a new solution to provide financial protection to 
the companies distributing the vaccine. Working with 
leaders in the industry, we quickly recruited a group 
of like-minded insurers willing to underwrite the risks 
using verifiable and effective sensor technologies. The 
solution, the speed and the partners came together to 
save lives. ”Community
By working to provide transparent cargo insurance 
coverage with technology — including sensors and data 
and analytics — we helped with risk transfer regarding 
the transport or storage of doses by mitigating losses, 
opening capacity, and maximizing the number of doses 
available to the public. 
To add to our impact, we donated all of the 2021 
revenues earned from that solution to the COVID-19 
Solidarity Response Fund, powered by the WHO 
Foundation and the United Nations Foundation in 
support of the World Health Organization (WHO). 
In addition to our pandemic efforts, we have continued 
our work in support of the communities in which we live 
and work, including: 
 ●Eight charitable foundations and two donor-advised 
funds directly benefit from Aon giving.
 ●Aon contributed over $11.5 million in 2021 to 
philanthropic causes.
 ●More than 1000 organizations received philanthropic 
support from Aon in 2021.
 ●Through our work with nonprofits at international 
and regional levels, Aon has contributed to the Red 
Cross, United Way and other local organizations in the 
communities where we live and work across the globe. ●Full-time employees can participate in civic 
engagement through community-based volunteering, 
and in the U.S., the organization encourages 
colleague charitable giving by matching individual 
contributions up to $1,000 for any 501(c)(3) nonprofit. 
In 2022, leaders within the organization quickly 
established a colleague support fund for employees in 
Ukraine, providing crucial support and resources during 
the war with Russia.
Governance

1
2021 ESG Impact Report29
Introduction
Being in the business of better decisions means creating 
the right internal structures and approach to enable 
effective decisions. Today’s business landscape is being 
shaped by emerging risks — such as cyber, data privacy, 
and geopolitical volatility — and evolving regulatory 
frameworks. We’re attuned to these risks and how to 
manage them and we help clients identify opportunities 
along the ESG journey. Our ongoing work in this space 
and the feedback from clients, colleagues, investors and 
other stakeholders help inform our priorities and actions.  
294
2021 ESG Impact Report
2021 ESG Impact Report304Linking Governance 
and Purpose 
Aon helps companies adopt and maintain effective 
governance practices by linking governance, culture 
and purpose. We combine strong organizational 
oversight with the flexibility, adaptability and resilience 
to solve problems as they arise and the communication 
and behavior modeling that builds an ethical, values-
driven culture. This is the foundation of better decision 
making. Goal setting is backed by relevant metrics 
and subject to board and C-suite-level oversight. 
By ensuring cross-departmental coordination, 
clearly defined processes and policies, and effective 
operations throughout the organization, we enable 
businesses and our own firm to thrive.
Better decisions also require training and education 
as part of the governance model. Aon’s Global 
Compliance Program includes training and 
certifications. Our colleagues are periodically required 
to complete compliance certifications, such as an 
annual Code of Business Conduct certification. We also 
complete annual conflicts disclosure questionnaires 
and participate in designated training programs, as 
well as other activities to satisfy additional compliance-
related requirements.
1
2021 ESG Impact Report31
Our Board  
of Directors
Aon’s Board provides oversight related to organizational 
performance, strategic direction, management team 
performance, risk, and key initiatives. In our 2022 
proxy , 10 out of 11 director nominees were independent, 
including the Board chair. Of those nominees, 36 
percent are racially/ethnically diverse and 27 percent 
are women. 
We are focused on continuous improvement of 
corporate governance to deliver long-term value for 
all stakeholders. Our Board of Directors is focused on 
enterprise risk management and mitigation strategies. 
The Board includes seven standing committees or  
sub-committees:  In 2021 we continued to strengthen our work to foster 
a diverse and inclusive environment at Aon. The Board 
(or through its committees) regularly reviewed and 
discussed people-related risks, including colleague 
satisfaction and engagement survey results, pay equity, 
colleague wellbeing, succession planning, employment 
law matters and ethics hotline complaints. 
314
Executive 
CommitteeAudit 
Committee
Includes a 
standing 
Compliance  
Sub-CommitteeIncludes a 
standing 
Inclusion and 
Diversity  
Sub-CommitteeFinance 
CommitteeGovernance/
Nominating 
CommitteeOrganization 
and 
Compensation 
Committee2021 ESG Impact Report
2021 ESG Impact Report324Our ESG 
Governance
Aon has established an ESG Committee of senior 
leaders to address and make recommendations 
regarding environmental, social and governance matters 
facing the company. The ESG Committee sets and 
monitors Aon’s ESG strategy, which is based on risk and 
stakeholder impact.  
The ESG Committee is dedicated to increasing Aon’s 
focus and global coordination on identifying and 
mitigating ESG risks and disclosing our practices 
and policies in these areas. It is chaired by our 
head of investor relations and ESG and includes 
our chief marketing officer, chief people officer, 
chief procurement officer, general counsel, CEO of 
Commercial Risk Solutions, and our head of public 
affairs and policy. Our head of investor relations and 
ESG, as chair of the ESG Committee, is responsible 
for keeping our CEO and Aon Executive Committee 
updated on ESG developments and the risks reviewed 
by the ESG Committee.“At Aon, ESG is about what we do as a company, and 
what we do for clients. Our Aon United strategy enables 
and reinforces our ESG actions, commitments, and 
outcomes, ” says Leslie Follmer, Aon’s head of investor 
relations and ESG. “Our own firm’s impact is only one 
part of the equation; the greater opportunity lies in the 
work we to do help clients manage their own risks and 
upside potential — whether it’s around climate analytics 
and resiliency, taking care of their people, or mitigating 
their own risks in D&O, cyber or ESG more broadly. 
We have a significant opportunity for long-term value 
creation and positive impact for all our stakeholders. ”

2021 ESG Impact Report334How We Help Clients 
in Their ESG Journey 
Effective governance requires a blended and balanced 
focus on resilience, growth and agile decision making. 
As part of our drive to find real-world applications for 
our values, Aon brings these skills to its work both 
internally and with clients.
Corporate Governance and ESG Advisory  
Strong governance oversight enables better decisions, 
creating the conditions for companies to quickly 
adapt to the changing landscape, shift priorities and 
proactively manage emerging risks. Through a holistic 
lens, Aon provides C-suites and boards of directors 
with real-time insights and solutions that help navigate 
an evolving ESG landscape, prioritize relevant risks, 
and focus on making better decisions by strengthening 
governance and oversight over key risk factors.
One of the most pressing topics for companies 
is understanding the need to have a clear and 
comprehensive strategy on ESG. While regulations 
help drive a company’s ESG focus and related public 
disclosures, navigating the expectations from multiple 
stakeholders can be daunting. Aon’s advanced analytics, 
advice, and solutions gives companies the clarity and 
confidence to make better decisions to protect and 
grow their business. This includes helping companies of 
all sizes and industries navigate, prioritize and address 
evolving ESG risks at all phases of their journey.Navigating ESG Risks 
Gaps in ESG strategy related to oversight, practices and 
policies and disclosures may indicate areas within an 
organization that could be exposed to significant risk. 
Aon works with clients to identify, quantify, and address 
or mitigate those issues and stay ahead of changing 
risks and regulations. Whether advising corporate 
teams and their boards, investors, lenders or insurance 
companies, we bring the combined expertise from 
across Aon to find the most effective ESG solution for a 
particular client’s needs.
“We empower corporate management teams and their 
boards by identifying the policies and practices of their 
top financial stakeholders and then preparing them 
for relevant stakeholder engagement with customized 
data, answers, and potential next steps, ” says Laura 
Wanlass, global head of Corporate Governance and ESG 
Advisory. “We leverage real-time data and expertise to 
alert corporate clients on where they have immediate 
and potential going forward exposure. We work across 
business lines at Aon to identify critical areas for the 
task at hand, whether it is about insurance coverage, 
investor support, or some other need, and provide 
counsel so our clients can take action and obtain the 
best possible outcome. ”Cyber
One rapidly growing risk is cyber, an essential 
element of ESG strategy for companies and their 
boards of directors. Cyber risk has the potential to 
disrupt and destabilize businesses, and governance 
and risk management in this area has never been 
more important. “Organizations today are faced with 
increasing cyber security threats at a time when data 
and digital assets have never been more valuable, ” 
said Catherine Mulligan, global co-head of Cyber 
Reinsurance Solutions. “Whether protecting the 
privacy of employee data or the value of intellectual 
and digital property, they need a partner who can 
help assess and mitigate risk, for the Board, for 
investors and customers. ”
In Aon’s 2021 Global Risk Management Survey , 
global respondents cited the risk of cyber attacks/
data breaches as the top threat facing companies 
today. In 2021, Aon released research to help 
companies understand the dramatic rise in cyber 
attacks and other issues, helping to manage this 
rapidly expanding risk. We built on that research in 
2022 with our Error & Omissions (E&O) and Cyber 
Market Review , aimed at helping companies navigate 
a difficult insurance market in the face of rising 
cyber-related volatility. 
2021 ESG Impact Report34
4
We are focused on data-driven solutions that 
help clients identify, measure and manage the 
risk for greater resilience and growth, building on 
our expertise, insights, and proprietary tools and 
methodologies. One such tool is CyQu, our cyber 
risk assessment platform. The tool helps companies 
across industries understand where they are in 
their cyber maturity and identify their biggest 
vulnerabilities, helping prioritize their actions and 
protect their business.
We work with companies to establish cyber security 
processes and governance frameworks that address 
cyber as the enterprise-level risk it has become — so 
they can make better cyber decisions and react to 
challenges in real time. 
Impact story: 
Cyber security organization design
For one client, cyber risk was increasing, and at the same time, their security organization faced the 
rising cost of attracting and retaining top talent in cyber defense. We brought the breadth and depth 
of Aon United to the challenge, bringing colleagues across solution lines to address our client’s needs. 
Our leaders from the Cyber Solutions Group within Commercial Risk and leaders from the Rewards 
Practice within Human Capital combined our unique expertise in cyber risk with best practices and 
benchmarking around talent and compensation. The result for our client was an organizational design 
solution that aligns their HR and technology teams to manage their cyber risk in a more cost-efficient 
way. We are also able to apply that model in other areas where risk and the costs of high-quality talent 
acquisition and retention are both rising — a challenge that is becoming increasingly common for 
clients in all industries and geographies. 2021 ESG Impact Report
2021 ESG Impact Report354
Directors & Officers Insurance
Aon’s collaborative approach to Directors & Officers 
(D&O) liability insurance advice involves a thorough 
assessment of risk factors facing a client’s board of 
directors and management team. Liability concerns 
vary by country and industry, and our global 
professional network means Aon has the knowledge 
to assist clients with these specific challenges. 
By focusing upon, understanding and differentiating 
a company’s legal, compliance, regulatory and 
financial reporting framework, among other risk 
factors, we are able to guide our clients through the 
evolving D&O marketplace to best position them 
to insurers. As insurers try to navigate a volatile 
equity environment, governance and management 
oversight continues to be relied upon in evaluating 
risk and determining pricing and coverage terms. 
Additionally, Aon has obtained ESG-centric coverage 
enhancements with the D&O insurance markets 
for clients with favorable ESG profiles. We seek to 
innovate in the D&O insurance market, enhancing 
offerings for strong ESG performers — such as 
offering additional D&O capacity exclusively for high 
ESG-related risks. Impact story: 
Collaborating to Close the Protection Gap and Strengthen Resilience Against Natural 
Disasters Impact story: 
Analytics and expertise combine to guide the ESG journey  
In one case, a multinational beauty company client needed to set up a corporate governance and 
ESG strategy and to improve their D&O risk profile. Aon worked with this client to identify, assess and 
prioritize material risks for the company and provide a roadmap to manage risks and opportunities 
through a governance process. This process articulated a single governance narrative for the 
company and included a gap analysis of the firm’s current ESG processes relative to important external 
stakeholder perspectives and the competitive market. This analysis drove an effective internal and 
external strategy through the D&O renewal process. Aon’s involvement did not end there. Through 
ongoing monitoring, analysis and insight related to ESG ratings agencies, institutional investors, proxy 
advisors, employees, customers, and insurance carriers, the client can confidently define and build a 
robust and effective ESG and disclosure strategy that will evolve along with it — and the landscape in 
which it operates. 
1
2021 ESG Impact Report36Appendices
2021 ESG Impact Report375
Item Category Question/Metric Response
1 Compliance Compliance Training and Certification 
ModulesAon-sponsored compliance training and certification modules focus on key risks, including:
 ●Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
 ●Anti-Money Laundering and Combating Terrorist Financing
 ●Antitrust and Fair Competition
 ●Communicating with Government Entities and Officials
 ●Conflicts of Interest
 ●Cross-Border Business
 ●Drug-Free Workplace
 ●Entertainment and Gifts
 ●General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
 ●Harassment/Discrimination
 ●Human Rights
 ●Privacy & Data Protection
 ●Security Awareness
 ●Trade Restrictions
2 Environment Examples of Aon Products and 
Services with Environmental or Carbon 
Reduction ImpactExtending our impact beyond risk transfer solutions, we are developing and strengthening proprietary tools and leading cross-sector collaborations to pave the way for more proactive 
climate decisions and resilience on an accelerated timetable. 
For instance, our Weather Solution insurance cover uses parametric triggers to bridge those gaps and provide coverage for clients impacted by natural disasters. This innovative approach 
to environmental threats considers factors like wave height, river depth and hydrological triggers for clients in flood-prone areas. Based on these findings, Aon recently worked with a client 
to secure coverage for any category 2 or above hurricane within 50 kilometers of their two major facilities. Responsive solutions like this give clients the support they need in the face of the 
developing risks and costs of climate change. 
Our other leading approaches around assessing climate risk include:
 ●Impact Forecasting — Our premier catastrophe model development center of excellence helps clients understand their climate risk through physical and financial risk modeling and 
analysis. Impact Forecasting brings together seismologists, meteorologists, hydrologists, engineers, mathematicians, geographic risk experts, geographers, finance, risk management 
and insurance professionals and serves clients of all types. 
 ●Impact on Demand — Aon’s digital analytics platform for efficiently and accurately visualizing and quantifying risk exposures. The platform helps companies quickly identify risks and 
create reports that aid in better climate and ESG decisions. 
 ● Climate Maturity Curve — An illustrative tool for companies to assess where they are in their journey toward a robust climate strategy. The tool serves as a foundational element for 
climate action, including identifying the greatest areas of risk and opportunity to prioritize. 
 ● Physical and Transition Risk Quantification — Using our expertise and a toolkit of modelling capabilities, catastrophe and climate models and partnerships with third party data providers, 
Aon quantifies the impact climate change scenarios will have on businesses. The analysis considers several different Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP) scenarios that could 
make the impact more or less severe.
3 Environment Carbon Emissions Aon’s 2019 emissions were a total of 538,756 tCO2e:
Scope 1: 14,060 tCO2e 
Scope 2: 22,298 tCO2e 
Scope 3: 502,398 tCO2e
Aon’s 2021 emissions were a total of 472,606 tCO2e:
Scope 1: 6,177 tCO2e 
Scope 2: 24,214 tCO2e 
Scope 3: 442,215 tCO2e Supplemental ESG Information
as of June 6, 2022
2021 ESG Impact Report385
Item Category Question/Metric Response
4 Environment EMS/ISO Certifications Aon has achieved ISO 14001 environmental management certification for larger office buildings in Chicago, London, Singapore and Spain. 71% of Aon’s leased square footage in North 
America is in a LEED or BREEAM certified space.
5 Environment Renewable Energy Aon continues to expand its use of renewable energy. In 2021 we expanded usage in Ireland, the U.K. and Spain. 
6 Environment Emissions Reductions Aon achieved a 12% emissions reduction from our 2019 baseline (538,756 tCO2e) to 2021 (472,606 tCO2e).
7 Environment Examples of Emissions Reduction 
ActivitiesAon has undertaken hundreds of facilities optimization projects over the past several years. Our results are reflected in our overall emissions reduction. Initiatives included upgrades to LED 
lighting, utility capacity optimization and upgrading of heating and cooling systems.
8 Environment Environmental/ESG Training Aon educates its colleagues about the importance of taking steps to mitigate the impacts of climate change.  We provide opportunities to engage in multi-stakeholder forums and provide 
thought leadership to colleagues and clients.
9 Environment Emission Reduction Strategy Aon’s Environmental Policy reinforces our pledge to pursue sustainable business solutions. A range of controls ensures our operations are responsibly managed, and we strive to reduce 
adverse impacts to the environment, biodiversity and ecosystems. To achieve net-zero emissions in alignment with Science Based Targets (SBTi), the firm must be unified in its ESG 
ambitions, and regions must be aligned to implement environmental goals on a global level. Our current efforts focus on key areas:
 ●Refining our sustainable sourcing strategy, in partnership with Aon Business Services
 ● Driving energy efficiency across our real estate portfolio and technology, including renewables
 ●Thoughtfully approaching business travel and enabling Smart Working alternatives for colleagues
 ●These defined commitments guide us as we continue to innovate in the face of ecological instability, and our proactive approach to carbon neutrality sets us apart as a climate-conscious 
industry leader.
10 Environment Climate Change Risks & Opportunities Aon’s approach to climate change risks and opportunities can be found in our Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) disclosure: 
 
https://www.aon.com/getmedia/e23f10cf-14ad-4323-853d-755f4476f2d4/Aon-TCFD-Index.pdf
11 Environment Environmental Policy Aon’s Environmental Policy can be found at:  
 
https://www.aon.com/about-aon/corporate-governance/guidelines-policies/environmental-policy-statement.jsp
12 Environment Science Based Targets Initiative Aon has committed to the Science Based Targets initiative. Our targets have been submitted and are being validated by the Science Based Targets Initiative.
13 Environment Net-Zero Committee Aon’s management team has established a Net-Zero committee to develop short, medium and long-term strategies to support firm sustainability and our commitment to Net-Zero by 2030 
in alignment with Science Based Targets (SBTi). This committee is jointly sponsored and chaired by our chief procurement officer and head of investor relations & ESG, and is focused on 
identifying, managing and mitigating risks relating to sustainability and Net-Zero for Aon, including guidance on operational sustainability issues and reporting.
14 Foundation/Community Number of Organizations Supported Over 1,000 organizations received Aon philanthropic support in 2021.
15 Foundation/Community Amount of Matching Gifts Aon matched over $900,000 in colleague donations to eligible organizations in 2021.
16 Foundation/Community Pro Bono Legal Hours Aon colleagues donated over 1,000 pro bono hours in 2021.
17 Foundation/Community Total Global Philanthropic Support Aon contributed over $11.5 million in 2021 to philanthropic causes.
18 General ESG Senior Decision Maker Statement A letter from CEO Greg Case, introducing Aon’s 2021 ESG Impact Report: 
 
https://www.aon.com/about-us/impactSupplemental ESG Information
as of June 6, 2022
2021 ESG Impact Report395
Item Category Question/Metric Response
19 HR/People Benefits Overview Through our commitment to our values and purpose, Aon provides colleague rewards that are transparent, fair and competitive to help them reach their long-term financial goals and 
support their and their family members’ physical health and wellbeing. 
Aon offers a comprehensive onboarding experience with a support structure tailored to different profiles, including materials about Aon’s business, culture, strategy and sharing information 
on things colleagues need to start performing their work.
The program includes a first-year curriculum, a journey map, a common first-day experience, a buddy program to support the new colleague during their first six months, online and on-
demand training, and one-on-one and networking opportunities for new colleagues to build their social connections that are essential to engaging them to stay at Aon.
For more information, please refer to:  
https://aon.makeityoursource.com/content/resource-library/aon_2022_new_hire_guide_final_no-code_11-12-21.aspx
20 HR/People Wellbeing Aon continues to sponsor and promote benefits and programming to support our colleagues including:
 ●Firm-wide global holidays were celebrated in April, July and November, allowing colleagues with extended time to focus on personal wellbeing 
 ●Hired a full time chief wellbeing officer, which reinforces our commitment to strategically approaching wellbeing programs as a cornerstone in every colleague-related conversation 
within Aon and more broadly with our clients
 ●Adopted of a Smart Working model, where colleagues and managers work together to discuss and determine the best workstyle  to create a healthy, productive, inclusive and 
sustainable way of working and enable colleagues to deliver their best work for clients from wherever they are best placed to do so
 ●Distributed of a wellbeing eBook aimed at sharing wellbeing tips and tricks for colleagues and highlighting Aon’s resources with a focus on emotional wellbeing
 ●United in Kindness campaign, which focused on encouraging colleagues to be kind to themselves, at work and in the community. Colleagues in 50 countries participated in the campaign 
and shared their kindness stories.
 ●Enhanced colleague communications around benefit changes and refreshed UPoint to make it easier to navigate and highlight benefits to colleagues
 ●Added In-plan Roth conversion feature in 401(k) savings plan for US colleagues to promote more financial wellbeing opportunities
Aon continued to support colleagues through the pandemic by enhancing time off policies so they can take the time they need to take care of themselves and their families. Wellbeing 
programming, including wellbeing webinars, vendor spotlights, and global walks was offered throughout the year. Additionally, new programs like the United launch of Mental Health First 
Aid in the US were offered to better support our colleagues.
21 HR/People OHSA Compliance and ISO45001 Aon is considered a low-risk company by OHSA and therefore does not report out on OHSA metrics.    
We have received ISO45001 certification. 
22 HR/People Focus on Continuous Improvement/
Pay-for-PerformanceAon emphasizes a culture of pay-for-performance by ensuring regular performance dialogues that lead to continuous improvement. Approximately 41,000 colleagues are eligible for 
performance and career development reviews, of which 98% were completed in 2021.
23 HR/People Flexible Work Arrangement Colleagues shared appreciation in the 2021 colleague support survey for the flexibility Aon showed during COVID for colleagues to work from home. In support of that sentiment, the Aon 
Executive Committee approved Smart Working as Aon’s workforce model. Smart Working supports colleagues across three specific workstyle designations: 
 ●Office: Works primarily from a “designated” office
 ●Hybrid: Works in office for select activities, like client meetings or employee gatherings, as needed
 ● Virtual: Works virtually and location is designated as virtual vs. an office location
Colleagues and managers work together to discuss and determine the best workstyle to create a healthy, productive, inclusive and sustainable way of working and enable colleagues to 
deliver their best work for clients from wherever they are best placed to do so.
24 HR/People Engagement Scores In 2021, 38,000 Aon colleagues (82 percent) shared their feedback in our all-colleague pulse survey. Our engagement score was 80%, continuing to record our highest colleague 
engagement scores in over a decade.
25 HR/People Long-Term Incentives In recognition of our colleagues’ role in growing the firm, we introduced the Aon United Growth Ownership Plan in 2021. Through the plan, all eligible colleagues that were active on 
September 24, 2021, received a one-time, stock-based award, enabling Aon colleagues to share in the future success of our Aon United mission.Supplemental ESG Information
as of June 6, 2022
2021 ESG Impact Report405
Item Category Question/Metric Response
26 HR/People Financial Inclusion/Aon Apprenticeship 
ProgramThe Aon Apprenticeship Program further builds on our commitment to diversity and developing opportunities for underrepresented populations. Our programs in the U.S. and U.K. support 
high-potential colleagues from a large and diverse talent pool, all of whom help us shape better decisions for our clients. In the U.S., we have built a two-year full-time job and educational 
program that provides opportunities for those without a traditional four-year college degree. Aon provides apprentices with an entry point to a professional career at Aon — including a salary 
and benefits — as well as tuition and books as they pursue an associate degree at a partner community college.
For more information, please refer to:  
https://www.aon.com/careers/us/apprenticeships
27 Human Rights Modern Slavery As part of our robust Business Code of Conduct, Aon has a zero-tolerance policy for forced labor, child labor, modern slavery and or any trafficking of human beings. We are diligent in our 
efforts to ensure we are working with a transparent, ethical and diverse supply base that adheres to our standards of conduct.
Modern Slavery Act statement: 
https://www.aon.com/getmedia/9ecd6221-1305-4a15-96f8-d18a2fd6d3f8/AUKL_Final_statement_Brand_compliant.aspx
28 Human Rights Human Rights Statement Aon is committed to upholding international standards on human rights. We support the principles contained within the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labor 
Organization Core Conventions on Labour Standards. Aon acknowledges that companies — including providers of insurance and reinsurance brokerage and human resources solutions 
— can potentially have an impact on human rights. Aon does not tolerate the use of forced labor or child labor and has zero tolerance for slavery or trafficking in human beings. Our 
commitment to human rights and addressing human rights risks is uncompromising. We devote significant time and resources to helping colleagues and people around the world understand 
their rights, protect their fundamental liberties and reach their full potential through training and education, charitable and pro-bono services, business solutions and industry partnerships.
29 Human Rights Human Rights Campaign Aon received a score of 100% for the fifteenth consecutive year on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2021 Corporate Equality Index (CEI). We are proud of our commitment to be a 
leader in our industry for diversity, equity and inclusion.
30 Inclusion and Diversity Board Diversity Of the 11 director nominees for election at Aon’s 2022 Annual Meeting, 2 directors are Asian, 1 director is Black and 1 director is Hispanic; 3 of the 11 director nominees are women. For more 
information regarding director diversity and the racial/ethnic demographics of each of our directors, see page 4 of our 2022 proxy statement.
31 Inclusion and Diversity I&D Diversity and Gender Statistics As of December 31, 2021, Aon’s global workforce was 54% women and 46% men, and the Aon Executive Committee which leads the firm was 45% women and 55% men. At the manager 
level, 26% of senior leaders and 42% of managers with one or more direct report are women. New colleague hires for the year were 52% women and 48% men. Aon’s U.S. workforce was 
24% racially/ethnically diverse, calculated as a percentage of colleagues that have voluntarily disclosed their race/ethnicity to Aon. At the manager level, 13% of U.S. senior leaders and 
17% of U.S. managers with one or more direct report were racially/ethnically diverse. New colleague hires for the year in the U.S. were 34% racially/ethnically diverse.
32 Inclusion and Diversity Aon’s EEO-1 At Aon, we believe that diverse, inclusive teams produce better insight, better solutions and ultimately the best outcomes for clients and Aon’s long-term success, and we are focused on 
being a firm that is representative of the communities in which we operate. Aon annually submits to the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) an Employer 
Information Report (EEO-1) to provide data regarding the gender and racial/ethnic diversity of our colleagues in the United States.
For more information, please refer to:  
https://www.aon.com/about-us/impact/policies/us-eeo-1-report
33 Inclusion and Diversity Anti-Discrimination At Aon we do not tolerate harassment of any kind, including sexual harassment or any other behavior that is hostile, disrespectful, abusive or humiliating. All colleagues are required to 
certify annually their agreement to uphold the Aon Code of Business Conduct, which includes requirements regarding harassment and discrimination.
Aon’s Code of Business Conduct can be found at: 
https://www.aon.com/getmedia/ff3e5545-7643-41e9-84af-22980d163065/Aon-Code-of-Business-Conduct.pdfSupplemental ESG Information
as of June 6, 2022
2021 ESG Impact Report415
Item Category Question/Metric Response
34 Inclusion and Diversity Inclusion & Diversity Goals We are focused on being a firm that is representative of the communities in which we operate. We achieve this by aligning Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) actions to the following pillars: 
Recruitment, Education, Promotion and Representation. We strongly believe that only when colleagues can be their authentic selves will they reach their full potential.
We have incorporated I&D into our annual Senior Executive Incentive Compensation Plan to align incentives around our I&D objectives while also delivering strong financial results. In this 
plan, 20 percent of discretionary incentive compensation is based on quantitative I&D goals of recruitment, promotion, education and representation. 
35 Inclusion and Diversity Diversity-Related Training and Metrics Learning experiences and resources are a key element of our Aon United strategy. Our I&D learning is available to all global colleagues and every level of the firm to help enable our 
Colleague Experience. Learning sessions and accreditations include: 
 ●Activating Your Allyship
 ●Leading Inclusively
 ●Unconscious Bias in Recruitment
 ●Recognizing and Managing Unconscious Bias
 ●Ensuring a Diverse Interview Panel
 ●An Inclusive Hire Accreditation for all global people leaders
 ●An Inclusive People Leadership learning curriculum
Since the I&D learning curriculum launch, our global colleagues have completed over 46,000 hours of I&D skills-based learning. 
36 Inclusion and Diversity List of Active Business Resource 
Groups (BRGs)Aon’s Business Resource Groups (BRG) are voluntary, colleague-led groups typically organized around a particular dimension of diversity or shared background. 
BRGs offer connection, support and the opportunity to meet Aon colleagues across levels, business areas and locations around the world. They help give a voice to underrepresented groups, 
enabling colleagues, managers and leaders to listen to different perspectives, build their cultural competence and understand what support is required to help every colleague achieve their full 
professional potential at Aon.
We have 102 different BRG chapters across 14 countries, including:
 ●Aon Link (Early Careers)
 ●Aon Pride Alliance 
 ●Aon Veterans United
 ● Asian Pacific Islanders
 ● Black Professional Network
 ● Blacks in Technology 
 ●Empowering Abilities
 ●Gender IQ
 ●Generations Network 
 ●Latinos Professional Network 
 ●Mental Health Network 
 ●Multicultural Group
 ●Virtual Connections
 ●Women in Technology 
 ●Women’s International Network
 ●Worker’s Innovative Network
 ●Working Parents Group
 ●Workability Group
37 IT/Data Privacy &  
Cyber SecuritySubstantiated Complaints Received 
Concerning Breaches of Customer 
PrivacyAon plc’s Board of Directors regularly receives reports on data privacy and cyber security matters, including incidents and regular complaints/notifications.Supplemental ESG Information
as of June 6, 2022
2021 ESG Impact Report425
Item Category Question/Metric Response
38 IT / Data Privacy &  
Cyber SecurityGlobal Privacy Statement Aon’s Global Privacy Statement can be found at:
https://www.aon.com/about-Aon/privacy.jsp
39 IT / Data Privacy & 
Cyber SecurityOverview of Data Privacy Program and 
OversightAon strives to protect the personal and confidential data of our clients and our colleagues through technical, administrative and physical safeguards. As a rule, personal data is stored 
within our secure environment. Our policy directs colleagues to store personal data within the Aon secure environment and access to restricted and protected information is managed on a 
business-need-to-know basis. Below is a link to our corporate privacy statement which provides more details as to how we collect and handle personal information:  
https://www.aon.com/about-Aon/privacy.jsp
Aon includes privacy statements on its website, to address how information will be collected and used. The Global Privacy Policy (“policy”) is the core internal policy document that describes 
Aon’s approach to collecting, storing, transferring and using such information. These policies are made available to Aon colleagues via our company’s intranet and are referenced via Aon 
Secure, our corporate, multi-channel colleague security engagement program which includes email communications and signage.
Aon has implemented reasonable physical, technical and administrative security standards to protect personal information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Our Global Privacy 
Policy elaborates on Aon’s approach to collecting, storing, transferring and using sensitive information. We conduct annual internal audit reviews; our dedicated Global Privacy Team 
provides enterprise-wide privacy and data protection, as well as legal and compliance advice in partnership with Aon’s Global Security Services organization.
All our colleagues are required to take trainings on protecting information.
40 IT / Data Privacy &  
Cyber SecurityPrivacy and Security Risk Assessments 
and AuditsIn addition to ongoing reviews of Privacy Records of Processing Activities (RPA) and control reviews, Privacy Impact Assessments (PIA) are triggered as part of new projects or business 
initiatives. In addition to ongoing security scanning and reviews of Regulatory IT controls (like Sarbanes Oxley or PCI), security reviews are also triggered as part of new projects, business 
initiatives or third-party/supplier engagements. Internal Audit follows a risk-based approach to evaluating controls over key enterprise risks, including data privacy and security, as well as 
compliance with select regulations and corporate policies. Internal Audit may also perform advisory services that provide insights and advice in areas such as emerging risks and business 
change activities.
We also leverage external auditors for required regulatory assessments like Sarbanes Oxley, Financial Statutory Audits, SOC1/SOC2 client-driven third-party assurance assessments, and 
PCI DSS. Regulatory bodies also perform audits on Aon on an annual basis (e.g. regulations like FINRA, FCA, SEC, NYDFS, etc.)
41 IT / Data Privacy &  
Cyber SecurityThird-Party Security Standards Aon’s Third-Party Security strategy is all about ensuring that our third-party providers have proven security protocols and technology in place that meet our highest standards.
42 IT / Data Privacy &  
Cyber SecurityData Privacy Office & Data Privacy 
OfficerWe have established a Global Privacy Office (the “GPO”), which is led by the Chief Privacy Officer, Brad Bryant. The company’s management regularly presents (no less than twice annually) 
to the Audit Committee of the Board and/or the Compliance Sub-Committee of the Audit Committee regarding cyber security, data security and data privacy matters. The GPO comprises 
a number of full-time privacy professionals located around the globe and is responsible for implementing Aon’s data privacy program, designing and developing data privacy compliance 
solutions and supporting our global data privacy champion network. 
43 Procurement Use of Sustainable/Recycled Products Aon encourages the use of “green” label and recycled products through our preferred buying partners. Items are labelled as such for colleague selection at point of sale.
44 Procurement Product Life Cycle and End of Use As Aon expands the use of green materials in our offices, we are working with partners to improve purchased product life cycles and responsible end-of-use equipment practices. We have 
moved from ownership to leasing of hardware through our third-party partners, which enables end-of-life recycling for printers, print cartridges and laptops, and our office products are 
increasingly refurbished to reduce waste. We also donate to local communities to extend the life cycle of materials and products. 
45 Procurement Sustainable Procurement Plan Building a resilient supply chain is not limited to our environmental sustainability efforts. We recognize that strong governance and diversity are critical to developing agile solutions that 
support internal procurement and our evolving client needs. 
Several actions form the foundation of our supplier sustainability strategy: 
 ●Deploy an integrated sustainable procurement capability which addresses firm needs and future demands related to climate, vendor risk and diversity.
 ●Work with suppliers committed to innovation in these areas and realize post-deal value through supplier management.
 ●Embed sustainability and diversity in the supply chain and evaluate suppliers for diversity and sustainability goal alignment during the sourcing process.
 ●Establish scalable frameworks to meet evolving compulsory requirements across several areas: people, process and technology.Supplemental ESG Information
as of June 6, 2022
2021 ESG Impact Report435
Item Category Question/Metric Response
46 Procurement Supply Chain Code Compliance Third parties acting on Aon’s behalf to obtain or retain business for Aon must contractually agree to comply with the content of Aon’s Code, Aon’s Anti-Corruption Policy, applicable anti-
corruption laws and any other applicable statutory or regulatory requirements. Aon is also clear and transparent in upholding the same Business Code of Conduct standards with our 
suppliers and other relevant third parties.
Aon’s Code of Business Conduct can be found at:  
https://www.aon.com/getmedia/ff3e5545-7643-41e9-84af-22980d163065/Aon-Code-of-Business-Conduct.pdf
47 Procurement Diverse Supplier Spend Through our integrated supplier and business diversity efforts, we have maintained five percent of U.S. addressable spend with diverse suppliers despite the pandemic buying conditions of 
2020 and 2021.
48 Responsible Investing PRI Signatory Aon is a global signatory to the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI). We were the first investment consulting firm to make a global commitment to follow the Principles. To ensure 
our client-facing and research colleagues had a firm foundation in responsible investing, we sent nearly 500 Aon investment colleagues through the Trustee Training Program by the PRI 
Academy.
49 Responsible Investing UNEP FI Signatory We are a signatory to the UN’s Principles for Sustainable Insurance and are a member of the PSI Board. The PSI Board works to develop frameworks for the insurance industry addressing 
ESG risks and opportunities.
50 Responsible Investing Responsible Investment Policy Aon’s Responsible Investment Policy can be found at: 
https://www.aon.com/getmedia/7de4f5c4-e683-4395-8843-c1467534847d/Aon’s-Responsible-Investment-Policy_February-2021.aspx
51 Responsible Investing Impact Fund Assets Global Impact Fund assets as of December 31, 2021:  £414 million.
Additional information can be found at: 
https://www.aon.com/getmedia/9a120840-56f7-4921-9fc3-e37df0630b75/The-Aon-Global-Impact-Fund-pdf.aspx
52 Risks & Governance Oversight for Code of Conduct The Aon Board of Directors Audit Committee has general oversight responsibility for the Company’s legal, regulatory and ethics policies and programs and annually reviews the adequacy of 
those policies and programs, including Aon’s Code of Business Conduct.
Aon’s Code of Business Conduct can be found at: 
https://www.aon.com/getmedia/ff3e5545-7643-41e9-84af-22980d163065/Aon-Code-of-Business-Conduct.pdf
53 Risks & Governance Responsibility for ESG/ESG Committee Aon has established an ESG Committee of senior leaders to address and make recommendations regarding environmental, social and governance matters facing the company. The ESG 
Committee sets and monitors Aon’s ESG strategy, which is based on risk and stakeholder impact.  
The ESG Committee is dedicated to increasing Aon’s focus and global coordination on identifying and mitigating ESG risks and disclosing our practices and policies in these areas. It is 
chaired by our head of Investor relations and ESG and includes our chief marketing officer, chief people officer, chief procurement officer, general counsel, CEO of commercial risk solutions 
and our head of public affairs & policy. Our head of investor relations and ESG, as chair of the ESG Committee, is responsible for keeping our CEO and Aon Executive Committee updated 
on ESG developments and the risks reviewed by the ESG Committee.
54 Risks & Governance ESG Risks Our Board and management recognize that the full spectrum of ESG risks are evolving in their significance to the business, and accordingly, oversight of ESG risks is a continuing and 
dynamic commitment. The Board (or through its committees) regularly reviews the Company’s top ESG risks, including human capital management, where the full Board, the Inclusion & 
Diversity Sub-Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Compliance Sub-Committee oversee the Company’s management of people-related risks.
For additional information, see Aon’s proxy.
55 Risks & Governance Risk Assessment Process Risk is inherent and evolving in every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. Our risk management program covers the range of material 
risks to Aon, including strategic, operational, financial, compliance, human capital and social risks. The Board oversees Aon’s risk management program and allocates certain oversight 
responsibilities to its committees and sub-committees, as appropriate. Each committee regularly reports to the Board on risk matters under its purview. The Board and its committees 
periodically review our risk management policies, processes and controls (including enterprise risk management, or “ERM”).Supplemental ESG Information
as of June 6, 2022
2021 ESG Impact Report445
Aon has long been recognized for its commitment to environmental, social and governance issues.  
 ●Aon received a score of 100 percent for the 15th consecutive year on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2021 Corporate Equality Index. We are proud of our commitment to 
be a leader in our industry for diversity, equity and inclusion.
 ●HERoes Advocates: Top 50 Executive Advocate Role Models — The HERoes Advocates list celebrates 50 senior leaders who are authentic allies and advocates for women in 
business and who are dedicated to creating a more diverse and inclusive business environment. Aon’s Jennifer Bell, Julie Page and Sabrina Pyneeandy were celebrated for 
championing women in business and driving gender diversity in the workplace.
 ●One of our Aon colleagues made the Chicago Crain’s 2021 Notable LBGTQ Executives list.
 ●Several Aon colleagues made the Business Insurance 2021 Women to Watch list.
 ●A colleague received the Insurance Business America-Rising Star Award.
 ●Two colleagues were represented in Y ahoo Finance’s Top Ethnic Minority Leaders and Role Models 2021 list.
 ●Our head of inclusion has been named a Top 100 Inspirational D&I Leader 2021.
 ●Aon was listed in Fortune Magazine’s Change the World list for our Apprentice Program.Highlighted 2021 Awards
as of June 6, 2022
2021 ESG Impact Report455
Aon has committed to, and collaborates with, a series of environmental, social, and governance initiatives, including:
Environment:
 ●By reducing the environmental impact of our operations and becoming a more resilient, sustainable organization, Aon has set an aggressive target to achieve net-zero greenhouse 
gas emissions by 2030, in alignment with Science-Based Targets. We will achieve this important goal by refining our sustainable sourcing strategy, driving energy efficiency across 
our real estate portfolio and technology, reducing our real estate footprint and enhancing options for virtual meetings. 
 ●United For The Paris Agreement — A reinforcement of the conviction that a commitment to staying in the Paris Agreement is foundational to driving progress on addressing climate 
change, which in turn will help protect economic health, jobs, and the global competitiveness of the U.S. and its workforce.
 ●Terra Carta, in support of the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) — As part of our work with the SMI, Aon co-led two of the workstreams — one devoted to developing a Public-to-
Private Solution Framework for a variety of catastrophe perils and economies and the other seeking to accelerate product innovation across the insurance industry.
 ●United National Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) — Supports global finance sector principles to catalyze integration of sustainability into market practices.
 ●United Nations Principles for Responsible Investing (UNPRI), and United Nations Principles for Sustainable Insurance (UNPSI) — Frameworks established by the UNEP FI and 
correspond with the Paris Agreement
 ●Vatican’s Energy Transition Initiative — Support for carbon pricing that would encourage changes in business practices, consumer behavior and the development of innovations that 
would advance the energy transition. The initiative also  supports disclosures providing greater clarity for how companies are planning and investing for the energy transition.
 ●Aon is a founding member of ClimateWise, which supports the insurance industry to better communicate, disclose and respond to the risks and opportunities associated with 
climate change and the global protection gap.
 ●Aon continues to participate in insurance industry forums such as the Insurance Development Forum
 ●Aon is an observer on The Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures, which works to deliver a market-led framework for organizations to report and act on evolving nature-
related risks.
Human Rights:
 ●Aon supports the principles contained within the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labor Organization Core Conventions on Labor Standards.Commitments and Collaborations
as of June 6, 2022
2021 ESG Impact Report465
Diversity and Inclusion:
 ●CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion Pledge — Aon has pledged to act on supporting more inclusive workplaces.
 ●UN LGBTI Standards of Business — Aon has committed to supporting five Standards of Conduct to support the business community in tackling discrimination against lesbian,  
gay, bi, trans and intersex (LGBTI) people.  These Standards were developed by the United Nations Human Rights Office, in collaboration with the Institute for Human Rights  
and Business.
 ●Aon has signed Leaders for the Partnership for New York City Pledge
 ●Apprenticeship Program — Aon’s programs in the U.S. and UK support high-potential colleagues from a large and diverse talent pool, all of whom help us shape better decisions 
for our clients. In the U.S., we have built a two-year full-time job and educational program that provides opportunities for those without a traditional four-year college degree. Aon 
provides apprentices with an entry point to a professional career at the company — including a salary and benefits — as well as tuition and books as they pursue an associate’s 
degree at a partner community college. The program was piloted in the UK in 2012, launched in the U.S. in Chicago in 2017 and expanded significantly in 2021. We have committed 
$30 million to expand the program and are launching similar initiatives in Texas, New York, Northern California, Minnesota, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C.
 ●OneTen — Aon is a founding member of OneTen, a coalition of leading executives committed to seeing one million Black Americans, in 10 years, hired into family-sustaining jobs 
with opportunities for advancement. The aim of the OneTen coalition is to connect employers with employees of color to bridge the diversity divide and ensure that talented Black 
employees get the same opportunities as their Caucasian counterparts.
Responsible Investing:
 ●Aon is a member of the Investment Leaders Group, an initiative that brings together academic research from the University of Cambridge and corporate leadership to advance the 
practice of responsible investment.Commitments and Collaborations
as of June 6, 2022
2021 ESG Impact Report475TCFD Index
Topic Recommended Disclosures Response
Governance
Disclose the organization’s 
governance around climate related 
risks and opportunities.1.A. Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. See the “Board Role in Risk Oversight” section of our 2022 Proxy .
1.B. Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related 
risks and opportunities.See “Our ESG Governance” section in our 2021 ESG Impact Report, and 
“Net-Zero Committee” in our Supplemental ESG Information document.
Strategy
Disclose the actual and 
potentialimpacts of climate-related 
risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy, 
and financial planning where such 
information is material.2.A. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization 
has identified over the short, medium, and long term.See the “Environmental, Social, and Governance” section and the “Risk 
Factors” section of our 2021 10-K.
2.B. Describe the impact of climate related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.See the “Environmental, Social, and Governance” section and the “Risk 
Factors” section of our 2021 10-K.
2.C. Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or  
lower scenario.See “Our Carbon Reduction Commitment and Actions” section, and “Our 
ESG Governance” section in our 2021 ESG Impact Report, and “Net-Zero 
Committee” in our Supplemental ESG Information document.
Risk Management
Disclose how the organization 
identifies, assesses, and manages 
climate-related risks.3.A. Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing 
climate-related risks.See the “Board Role in Risk Oversight” section of our 2022 Proxy , the “Our 
ESG Governance” section in our 2021 ESG Impact Report, and “Net-Zero 
Committee” in our Supplemental ESG Information document.
3.B. Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related 
risks.See “Our ESG Governance” section in our 2021 ESG Impact Report, and 
“Net-Zero Committee” in our Supplemental ESG Information document.
3.C. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing 
climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk 
management.See the “Board Role in Risk Oversight” section of our 2022 Proxy .
Metrics & Targets
Disclose the metrics and targets 
used to assess and manage 
relevant climate-related risks and 
opportunities where such 
information is material.4.A. Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate related 
risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management 
process.See “Emission Reduction Strategy” in our Supplemental ESG Information 
document, and “Our Carbon Reduction Commitment and Actions” section in 
our 2021 ESG Impact Report.
4.B. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks.See “Carbon Emissions” in our Supplemental ESG Information document, 
and “Our Carbon Reduction Commitment and Actions” section in our 2021 
ESG Impact Report.
4.C. Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-
related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.See “Our Carbon Reduction Commitment and Actions” section in our 2021 
ESG Impact Report.as of June 6, 2022
Contact Us
Investor Relations
Leslie Follmer 
investor.relations@aon.com 
+1 312 381 3310
Media Contact
Nadine Youssef 
mediainquiries@aon.com 
+1 312 381 3024About
Aon plc (NYSE: AON) exists to shape decisions for the better—to protect and 
enrich the lives of people around the world. Our colleagues provide our clients 
in over 120 countries with advice and solutions that give them the clarity and 
confidence to make better decisions to protect and grow their business.  
©2022 Aon plc. All rights reserved.
The goals, targets and commitments discussed in this report are aspirational. As such, no guarantees or 
promises are made that any such goals, targets or commitments will be met. In addition to goals, targets 
and commitments, this report contains certain other statements related to future results, or states Aon’s 
intentions, beliefs and expectations or predictions for the future, which are forward-looking statements as 
that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words “believe, ” “expect, ” 
“estimate, ” “anticipate, ” “forecast, ” “aim, ” “plan, ” “project, ” “should” and similar expressions identify forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from either historical or anticipated results depending on a 
variety of factors. Any or all of Aon’s forward-looking statements may turn out to be inaccurate, and there 
are no guarantees about Aon’s performance. Aon operates in a dynamic business environment in which 
new risks may emerge frequently. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. Further information concerning 
Aon and its businesses, including factors that potentially could materially affect Aon’s financial results, is 
contained in Aon’s filings with the SEC. See “Risk Factors” in Aon’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
year ended December 31, 2021 for a further discussion risks and uncertainties applicable to Aon and its 
businesses. These factors may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports filed with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Aon is not under, and expressly disclaims, any obligation to 
update or alter any forward-looking statement that it may make from time to time, whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
Statistics and metrics included in this report are in part dependent on the use of estimates and 
assumptions based on historical levels and projections and are therefore subject to change. This 
report has not been externally assured or verified by an independent third party. This report is not 
comprehensive and, for that reason, should be read in conjunction with our filings with the SEC, including 
our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, particularly the “Forward-Looking 
Statements” and “Risk Factors” sections of these filings and our proxy statements, all of which can be 
found at ir.aon.com.
The information contained herein and the statements expressed are of a general nature and are not 
intended to address the circumstances of any particular individual or entity. Although we endeavor to 
provide accurate and timely information and use sources we consider reliable, there can be no guarantee 
that such information is accurate as of the date it is received or that it will continue to be accurate in the 
future. No one should act on such information without appropriate professional advice after a thorough 
examination of the particular situation.
