COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT1
Focusing on  
What Matters Most
2020  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT2
Table of Contents
CEO Letter 3
Corporate Overview 4
Working as a Team for You 5
Awards and Recognition 7
2020  ESG Highlights 8
COVID- 19 Pandemic 9
SOCIAL
Building Strong Communities 12
Supporting Our Customers 16
Celebrating Our Differences 20
GOVERNANCE
Acting with Integrity 30
ENVIRONMENTAL
Sustainable Operations 38
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT3I am pleased to introduce Commerce Bancshares’ first annual Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG) report, which aims to provide our stakeholders with insight into 
the ways we create long-term value both inside and outside the company. The report 
demonstrates how our approach to ESG management benefits our shareholders and 
at the same time delivers against the needs of our many other stakeholders, including 
our customers, team members and communities. 
The following report is the product of a process undertaken in 2020  to establish a 
formal ESG framework and enhance our program and reporting in this area. The new 
Commerce ESG report structure includes additional data and metrics that are important 
to us and to our stakeholders and that will help us document our performance in these 
important areas. Taken together, they provide a more complete portrait of Commerce 
— one that we are proud to share within this report. 
Some of the topics addressed in the pages that follow include:
• Our COVID -19 pandemic response  and ongoing support of our customers, team  
 members and communities.  
• Community investment  and our continued work to stabilize and strengthen   
 neighborhoods.  
• Diversity, equity and inclusion as well as our long-standing commitment to   
 promoting diversity both internally and externally.  
• Corporate governance  and our sense of duty to continue to earn our stakeholders’  
 trust.  
• Sustainability  and our dedication to serving our stakeholders’ needs while being  
 mindful of our use of resources. 
At Commerce, we believe our ESG work is fundamentally aligned with our corporate 
core values and deeply rooted in our culture. This work has been a priority for us 
throughout our 155-year history and is underpinned by our purpose to help others 
navigate challenges so they can focus on what matters most. We understand that we 
can only be successful so long as our customers, team members, communities and 
shareholders are able to thrive. We are grateful for and dedicated to the partnerships 
we have maintained with the many stakeholders we serve. 
ESG management is a journey, and we take seriously our responsibility to be part of 
the solution to the shared challenges we all face. We have a strong foundation, and we 
know we can grow further. Over time, we are committed to continuous improvement 
and to maintaining transparency in our reporting. I hope you find this report informative, 
and we thank you for your continued partnership.
John W. Kemper
President and Chief Executive Officer  
Commerce Bancshares, Inc.
Letter from our CEO
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT4Corporate Overview
1 Regulated U.S. depositories, which includes commercial banks, bank holding companies and credit unions
2 Based on Top 50 U.S. Banks by asset size as of 2019 and Nilson Report rankings
3 Moody’s U.S. Bank Rankings, November 17, 2020 ; Moody’s rating affirmed - December 22, 2020  
Information as of December 31, 2020$16.4  Billion in Total Loans$26.9 
 Billion in Total Deposits12 th 
Largest Commercial Card Issuer2
a1 
Baseline Credit Assessment3 
Commerce is 1 of 6 U.S.  banks  
with an a 1 or better Moody’s rating155 
Years in Business4,766 
Full-Time Equivalent  
Employees
FULL-SERVICE BANKING FOOTPRINT      
157 full-service branches and 354 ATMs  
St. Louis   •  Kansas City    
Springfield  •  Central Missouri  
Central Illinois  •  Wichita  
Tulsa  •  Oklahoma City  •  Denver
COMMERCIAL OFFICES
Cincinnati  •  Nashville  •  Dallas  
Des Moines  •  Indianapolis  
Grand Rapids  •  Houston
U.S. PRESENCE
 Extended Commercial Market Area
 Commercial Payments Services  
Offered in 48 states across the U.S.Ranked 42 nd Among U.S. Banks$32.9 
 Billion in Total Assets$7.7 
 Billion in Market Capitalization
Ranked 17th Among U.S. Banks$38.3 
 Billion in Managed Trust Assets 
Ranked 17th Among U.S. Banks1Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: CBSH) is a registered bank holding company offering a full line of banking services, including 
payment solutions, investment management and securities brokerage. 
Commerce Bank, a subsidiary of Commerce Bancshares, Inc., leverages 155 years of proven strength and experience to help 
individuals and businesses solve financial challenges. In addition to offering payment solutions across the U.S., Commerce Bank 
currently operates full-service banking facilities across the Midwest and maintains an extended network of commercial offices. 
Commerce delivers high-touch service and sophisticated financial solutions at regional branches, commercial offices and ATMs; via 
online and mobile banking; and through a 24/7  customer service line.
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT5Working as a Team for You
At Commerce, we know life’s best moments can come with financial challenges. 
Our mission? To take the time to understand our customers’ financial challenges and 
accept them as our own. For 155 years, we’ve provided individuals, businesses and 
communities with the innovative solutions and personal attention they need to achieve 
the goals that matter to them. We provide both the high-touch personal service and 
innovative solutions our customers want to allow them to bank when, where and how 
they prefer.
Our Values
• Take a long-term view:  At Commerce, we look beyond short-term gain and   
 invest  in our people, products and technology for the long term.
• We collaborate as one team: We see diversity, equity and inclusion as an   
 imperative and seize opportunities to build teams that reflect the communities  
 we serve.
• We act with integrity:  We are committed to doing what’s right, not just what’s  
 most profitable. We adhere to high standards of governance and ethics.
• We are customer-focused:  We build long-term, valuable relationships with  
 our customers.
• We strive for excellence: We continuously measure and improve our   
 performance
About this Report
At Commerce, we strive to help people navigate and resolve challenges so they can 
focus on what matters most to them. To promote transparency and help ensure we 
remain accountable to our mission and stakeholders — including our customers, 
team members, communities and investors — we report on both our financial and 
nonfinancial performance each year. 
The 2020  Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report builds upon the 
Commerce 2020  Annual Report to shareholders. The ESG Report assesses our 
impact in several key areas: customer, team member and community engagement; 
environmental sustainability; and corporate governance.
We have a long-standing commitment to generating a positive impact in these areas 
and have traditionally shared our progress through our biennial Commerce Corporate 
Social Responsibility Report. In 2020 , Commerce enhanced our program and reporting 
in this area. The new ESG Report structure expands our analysis to incorporate more 
data and metrics to deepen the connection between our business and stakeholders 
in the areas we believe will drive value over the long term.
Stakeholder Engagement
We maintain an array of channels to continuously engage our stakeholders, 
including our customers, team members, community members and investors. We 
believe it is important to continually gather their feedback, which helps inform our 
business practices and approach to key issues related to our business, industry and 
communities.HELPFUL LINKS: 
•  Annual Report
•  Proxy
•  Corporate Social Responsibility   
    & ESG
•  CRA Public Evaluation
•  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
•  Corporate Governance
•  Code of Ethics
•  Security Overview
•  Privacy Statement
For more information,  
visit commercebank.com
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT6Mission Statement
We take the time to understand our customers’ financial challenges and accept them 
as our own. We do this by getting to know our customers and providing sophisticated 
advice along with capital and industry-leading solutions personalized for them.
Vision & Purpose
We help our customers focus on what matters most. More than 155 years of working 
with our customers has taught us that life is complex, and the best moments in life come 
with financial challenges. We help our customers plan for the big stuff as well as handle 
life’s surprises — so they can get back to what matters. Challenge Accepted.®
Our Promise
We’re a bank you can trust to do the right thing for our customers, our team members, 
our shareholders and the communities we serve.
Customers
We will invest the time to  
understand your needs, aspirations 
and challenges. With our knowledge 
and experience, we will offer 
personalized solutions, fresh ideas 
and innovative technology.Shareholders
We will take a long-term view  
to build a socially responsible 
franchise that will deliver superior  
risk-adjusted returns throughout  
the economic cycle.Team Members
We will remain true to our core values 
as we foster a culture of which our team 
will be proud and a workplace where 
teammates can be their authentic selves. 
We will invest in our team, and the 
communities where they live.

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT7Awards and Recognition
Gold PRISM  Award
for the bank’s customer 
communication response to the 
COVID- 19 pandemicGreater Kansas City Public Relations 
Society of America  
Banking Regional All-Stars 
Third overall in the Midwest and first in the 
Midwest for Best Branch Network Strategy, 
Best Core Deposit Growth Strategy and 
Best Retail StrategyBank Director’s 2019 Ranking 
Best Customer 
Service
America’s Best Banks 
list 2021 
NewsweekBest Banks in 
America
11 consecutive yearsForbes
World’s Best 
BanksForbes
Best Banks in 
Each State
KansasForbes#1
America’s  
Best Midsize  
EmployersForbes
Private Asset 
Management Awards 
Commerce Trust Company 
received Highly Commended 
status for Best Private Wealth 
Manager in client services with 
assets over $5 billion
Outstanding 
Employer 2019Korn Ferry  
Engaged Performance Awards
Best in Banking 
Pioneer AwardTemenos
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT82020  ESG Highlights
Best Banks 
in America
for 11th consecutive 
yearForbes
Women
58%
People of Color
21%$1.5 billion  
in SBA loans
secured through PPP90 out of  100
Human Rights Campaign 
Corporate Equality Index 
for LGBTQ equalityOutstanding 
rating from 
the Federal 
Reserve
for Community 
Reinvestment  
for over 20 years Engagement Enablement85%
 83%
82% of 
office staff
working from home or  
at alternate sites during  
the pandemic
$2.3MM in philanthropic 
investment 
by Commerce Bancshares Foundation
Best Customer 
Service Award
Newsweek  America’s 
Best Banks list 2021
22,389  kWhs of 
clean energy 
produced through 
investment in solar farm 
720+  
metric tons 
of paper shredded 
and recycled89% 
Customer 
Relationship 
Score
which measures overall 
satisfaction, likelihood 
to recommend and 
repurchase products100%  
Team Members  
completed required  
Code of Ethics Training  
in 2020Team Member Survey Results
Diversity Among Team Members
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT9
COVID- 19 Pandemic
How we maintained focus during the COVID- 19 pandemic
In a year of overwhelming uncertainty, we responded to the COVID- 19 pandemic by 
refocusing on our values as well as our strengths. This meant coming together as 
one team to help our customers, fellow team members and communities navigate 
challenges so they could focus on what matters most during difficult times. We 
monitored COVID- 19 pandemic developments closely and proactively activated the 
Pandemic Preparedness Plan we developed in 2018. To learn more about our business 
continuity management program and reaction to the COVID- 19 pandemic, please see 
our Acting with Integrity section .
This year proved that the investments we have been making in digital innovations, 
Agile processes, and culture for the last several years have been well worth it. Going 
into 2020 , our digital products were well set up to meet customers’ needs in a virtual 
environment. Our strong culture has enabled us to work together, support each other 
and strategically pivot as needed to stay the course in 2020 . We’ve learned that we 
can be productive at home using technology and will be assessing work-from-home 
practices and virtual relationship management as part of our long-term strategy.
Throughout this report, we’ve shared examples of the work we’ve done in different 
areas to support our customers, team members and communities this past year. For 
example, in the Supporting Our Customers section  of this report, you’ll learn about 
how we maintained our customer relationship score of 89%. You’ll see examples of 
the work that earned us a Best Customer Service award from Newsweek  and a spot 
on their America’s Best Banks 2021 list and the work that led the Greater Kansas City 
Public Relations Society of America to recognize us with a Gold PRISM Award for our 
customer communication response to the COVID- 19 pandemic. We also share the 
story of how our teams rallied to help process more than  7,6 0 0  loans through the 
Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) to help our business customers save over 150,000 
jobs.  Today [our school] 
received its PPP loan, 
which will save it 
and allow us to keep 
helping children with 
and without special 
needs in an inclusive 
environment when 
social distancing 
ends! Thank you  
@CommerceBank 
for this amazing 
good news!
— Brad B.
ESTIMATED OVER
150,000
JOBS SAVEDTOTAL FUNDED
7,600
SBA PPP LOANS

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT10In the Celebrating  Our Differences section , we share more about the work we did to 
ensure team members have remained informed, supported and empowered during 
the pandemic. We’ve also shared some of the ways we’ve helped our communities 
weather local challenges in the Building Strong Communities Section .
Responding to the COVID- 19 pandemic
As the COVID- 19 pandemic has impacted our service delivery, we’ve kept the well-
being of our team members in focus. We established several policies to support 
health and safety in our branches and office buildings, including: 
• Limiting access to the interior of our branches and buildings to minimize   
 exposure of our customers and teammates 
• Limiting access to branch lobbies as social distancing allows or by appointment 
• Pivoting to provide drive-thru service at most branches 
• Utilizing alternative means of communication like web, video or    
 teleconferencing for internal and customer meetings 
• Scheduling in-person customer meetings on a limited basis while following  
 appropriate guidelines, including requiring masks and maintaining social   
 distancing
• Requiring face masks in public areas, or as local orders mandate 
• Conducting consistent, thorough cleaning of work areas and equipment
• Placing plastic shields and floor stickers at all branch locations and other areas  
 where appropriate to reinforce social distancing
• Completing daily health assessment for team members on-site
It has been important to us that team members not come to work sick, and that 
they can access the care they need if they do fall ill. So we’ve covered COVID- 19 
testing costs for team members and families as well as enabled free virtual doctor 
appointments through our corporate healthcare plan.
You guys are ensuring safety and security for 
clients and employees . We see you. People 
will remember awesome companies who do 
the right thing in this time.
— Maylynn H.
Navigating the pandemic together
Commerce is here for our customers — in good times and challenging times — and 
this year has been no exception. We appreciate our customers’ continued trust in us 
and patience as we’ve navigated changing circumstances. We feel privileged to have 
the opportunity to work with our customers, team members and communities during 
this difficult year./two.lf/zero.lf/one.lf/eight.lf
/bullet.case Formed Pandemic Planning
   Committee
/bullet.case Published Pandemic Preparedness
   & Response Plan
January /two.lf/zero.lf/two.lf/zero.lf
/bullet.case Began monitoring COVID/hyphen.case/one.lf/nine.lf 
   outbreak
February /two.lf/zero.lf/two.lf/zero.lf
/bullet.case Activated Pandemic Preparedness
   & Response Plan
/bullet.case Appointed COVID/hyphen.case/one.lf/nine.lf Task Force 
April /two.lf/zero.lf/two.lf/zero.lf
/bullet.case Upgraded IT infrastructure 
   to improve remote working 
   experience   March /two.lf/zero.lf/two.lf/zero.lf
/bullet.case Increased cleaning protocols 
/bullet.case Started to restrict travel, 
   gathering size & buildings access
/bullet.case Veriﬁed critical suppliersEARLY
March /two.lf/zero.lf/two.lf/zero.lf
/bullet.case Limited branch service to 
   drive-thrus only  
/bullet.case Began daily internal communications 
/bullet.case Restricted all travel for employees
   to virtual meetings only
/bullet.case Implemented /one.lf/zero.lf/zero.lf% distributed
   workforce plansMID-TO-LATE
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT11
SOCIAL
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT12
Building  
Strong Communities
Investing in communities for the long term
Our purpose is to help people focus on what matters most, and this extends to the 
communities where we live and work. The communities in our footprint are continually 
growing and providing opportunities for individuals, business owners, startups, new 
families and nonprofit organizations. Our goal is to help our communities thrive so 
that our customers, team members and neighbors can achieve their goals. We take 
a strategic, comprehensive approach to building strong communities that involves 
community reinvestment, corporate philanthropic giving, team member volunteerism 
and strategic partnerships. We sustained our commitment to our communities in 2020 , 
and below we’ve shared a few examples of the ways we’ve been able to give back.
Charitable giving during the COVID- 19 pandemic
When it became apparent that the COVID- 19 pandemic was going to have an 
enormous effect on every one of our communities, our strategy was to act quickly, but 
thoughtfully, to make sure our efforts would be relevant and responsive.
The Commerce Bancshares Foundation has supported a variety of local efforts to 
provide relief from the effects of the COVID- 19 pandemic, including collaborative 
efforts through the United Way and local community foundations in many markets. 
In each of our markets, our bank leaders and team members have leveraged long-
standing relationships with local organizations to address the needs unique to the 
area. While our investment looks different in each geographic location as we meet 
the needs of a particular community, our giving has spanned many areas, including 
education, personal protective equipment, mental health, food insecurity, support of 
domestic violence victims and neighborhood stabilization.Philanthropic investment by  
COMMERCE BANCSHARES FOUNDATION
695 grants
$1,891,121 2019823 grants
$2,331,370 2020
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT13Supporting women and children with Emily’s Place
In Dallas, Market President Chris Holder has had a long-standing charitable relationship 
with Emily’s Place, which helps women and their children escape the cycle of abuse. 
Holder knew the needs for the housing, counseling and care that Emily’s Place 
provides was only going to grow as the pandemic went on, but he was also aware 
that one of their main sources of funding — their annual fundraising gala — had been 
canceled. Holder proactively reached out to the organization and with the support of 
Commerce Bancshares Foundation, made an additional donation that helped Emily’s 
Place cover the costs of housing and feeding one family for almost a year.
Mitigating the economic impacts of COVID -19 with Invest STL
When Invest STL launched their Neighborhood Solidarity Fund in April 2020  in St. Louis, 
Commerce Bancshares Foundation was happy to be among the first to contribute. The 
fund supports the areas hit hardest by COVID- 19 by providing stability grants and Small 
Business Lift grants for neighborhood-serving businesses. Areas are prioritized for 
funding based on socioeconomic indicators including race and household economics. 
In addition to the grants, Invest STL and Commerce organized educational seminars 
for these businesses to help them understand how to apply for Small Business 
Administration Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans.
Volunteering by team members  
Volunteering in the community is central to Commerce’s culture. In any given year, 
you are likely to find Commerce team members helping out at cultural festivals, in 
classrooms and with a variety of volunteer engagements throughout our footprint. 
This year, however, team members have had to find creative ways to volunteer. From 
sewing masks for hospitals to organizing donation drives for food banks, to assembling 
school supply packets for at-home students, team members have continued to be 
active volunteers in our communities. In 2020 , we introduced a new Volunteer Day 
option for team members to leverage as part of their paid time off. Team members 
also give back by lending their expertise serving as board members for a variety of 
organizations.Organizing donation drives  
for local food banks
From Springfield, Missouri, to  
Kansas City and St. Louis, teams have 
organized donation drives for food 
banks to bolster food security efforts 
during the pandemic. They have 
raised more than $ 8,000  through 
individual team members’ donations.
Team members sew masks  
from home 
Several team members at the bank, 
including Training Specialist Angela 
Reed and Senior Intelligent Marketing 
Automation Product Manager Lily 
Pankratz, began sewing masks for 
friends, family members and local 
hospitals to respond to the need 
for personal protective equipment 
during the COVID- 19 pandemic.
Packing school supply kits  
for kids at home
Community Relations Vice President 
Jenny Hoelzer is one of many 
team members volunteering her 
time to help nonprofits adjust 
their operations to respond to the 
COVID- 19 pandemic. Hoelzer helped 
a St. Louis-area nonprofit assemble 
packets of school supplies to be 
distributed to kids along with free 
lunches provided by the school 
district.500 
nonprofit  
organizationsMore than
supported by team members 
serving leadership roles by 
serving on boards1,800 hours
team member  
volunteer time-offMore than
13
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT14Community reinvestment
Our ongoing commitment to build strong communities aligns well with our responsibility 
as a financial institution under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA). We earned an 
Outstanding rating on our most recent exam for CRA compliance, which measures 
how well we provide banking services and access to credit to all communities in which 
we do business, with a special focus on the needs of low- and moderate-income (LMI) 
individuals and geographies. We have maintained an Outstanding rating for more than 
20 years. Our work in this area includes investment in affordable housing, community 
services, neighborhood revitalization and stabilization, and economic development in 
our communities.
HOME MORTGAGE LENDING
$389.9 million in home loans to LMI borrowers, LMI 
geographies, minority borrowers and/or majority-minority 
geographies
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT LENDING
$1.3 billion in CRA-eligible lending to support affordable 
housing, small business growth and nonprofits that  
support LMI communitiesSMALL BUSINESS AND SMALL FARM LENDING  
$440.9 million in lending to small businesses and small farms 
with revenues less than $ 1 million
To learn more about the ways Commerce team members give back, 
watch the video below. 
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT15Setting up individuals and communities for financial success
One of the key ways we build strong communities is through our investment in financial 
literacy. We believe that by educating others and helping them navigate financial 
challenges, we are helping future leaders, homeowners and entrepreneurs achieve 
their goals.  
Thanks to our relationships with local organizations, we have the opportunity to teach 
financial education classes in local elementary and high schools with high economic 
need. This work is possible because of the dedicated, passionate team members 
willing to lend their time and expertise to volunteer in classrooms. In 2020 , we worked 
with our partner organizations to pivot and provide online presentations to elementary 
and high school student groups. 
We were also able to host events to provide education on the PPP 
for nonprofit organizations and small-business owners to help them 
navigate the economic impacts of the COVID- 19 pandemic. In doing 
so, we were able to help organizations and businesses understand 
their options and remain resilient during this challenging year. 
We also helped individuals who were navigating credit challenges a few different 
ways. We worked with local financial literacy organizations to refer those who may 
benefit from their programs. For individuals looking to strengthen their credit, we 
offered several products that were inclusive of a variety of financial situations and 
credit needs that could help them build credit. These included Commerce Secured 
Credit Card and Commerce Free Checking accounts. 
Our continued commitment 
While these are some of our highlighted efforts for 2020 , our commitment to 
community informs everything we do. From what products we offer to the ways our 
teammates spend their volunteer hours, we are always looking for opportunities to 
empower individuals, strengthen communities and support a strong region.Click to learn
more

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT16
Supporting  
Our Customers
We’re committed to building lasting relationships with  
our customers
We know life is complex, and even the best moments in life can come with financial 
challenges. The events of 2020  are no exception. In good times and challenging times, 
we are here for our customers to help them through whatever comes their way, so they 
can focus on what matters most. We’re constantly working to adapt and respond, to 
help our customers stay the course and make the most of difficult times. 
This year, many of our customers found themselves working, parenting and banking 
from home. Our goal has been to ease the transition and help customers navigate their 
new normal and streamline their banking tasks as much as possible. We’ve invited 
customers to call us, so that together, we can talk through whatever circumstances 
they may be facing. We’ve also rolled out new policies and programs to help provide 
some relief to customers as they manage their accounts with us. 
Thanks to the efforts of our teams, we’ve been able to maintain 
a customer relationship score of 89% in 2020 . The customer 
relationship score measures customers’ overall satisfaction and 
likelihood to recommend and repurchase products. 
Our dedication to our customers was acknowledged by Newsweek , 
who named Commerce Bank the Best Customer Service Award 
winner as part of their America’s Best Banks list for 2021.
Prioritizing the Paycheck Protection Program
When the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) was announced, we saw an opportunity 
to help our small business customers weather the challenges they were facing. We set 
to work designing new processes for approving loans, flattening our organizational 
structure and recruiting hundreds of internal staff members to assist in the loan process. 
Across our business banking teams, team members made PPP their priority and helped 
process as many applications for customers as possible. They accomplished this while 
also maintaining their everyday duties to help ensure consistent service and stability 
for customers. 
During the first round of PPP, we secured over $ 1.5 billion in loan funding and had over 
7,6 0 0  Small Business Administration PPP loans funded.
$33,000
median SBA PPP loan sizeOver $ 1.5 billion
total SBA PPP secured fundingOver 7,600
total SBA PPP loans funded
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT17Leveraging digital to support customers at home 
We have long been invested in providing the best possible digital experience for our 
customers, and the events of the past year have only reconfirmed and accelerated our 
commitment in this area. This year proved how important it is that customers be able to 
manage their accounts and connect with a banker when, where and how they prefer. 
To us, providing a high-quality digital experience is fundamental to empowering our 
customers to achieve their financial goals and for us to remain competitive as a bank. 
In 2020 , we continued to improve our digital experience and were well-positioned 
to be responsive to our customers’ digital needs. In 2018, we established a holistic 
strategy for gathering, analyzing and acting upon customer 
feedback quickly that we call “Listen, Assess, Tune.” Using 
this approach, we collect customer feedback from a 
wide variety of channels to inform our efforts. We are 
proud to say our mobile application has sustained a 
high rating in the Apple® App Store and Google Play 
Store as a result. In 2020 , we made back-end system 
upgrades and improvements to our digital banking 
channel and streamlined our account-opening process 
so that customers can easily open a new account online.   
Helping customers connect with their banker
Commerce customers already know and use our best-in-class online 
and mobile banking solutions, and in 2020 , we were excited to roll 
out a new way for customers to connect with a Commerce banker, 
right from their mobile device. We pivoted to release the new 
Commerce Bank CONNECT® app ahead of schedule to create a space 
for our customers to experience a human connection in the virtual 
environment of the COVID- 19 pandemic. 
The CONNECT® app empowers customers to connect with their banker whenever 
and wherever they need them to handle tasks large and small, from changing the 
address on their account to applying for a mortgage. When customers download the 
CONNECT app, they can select a banker to connect with over text message each time 
they log on. While similar competitive apps utilize artificial intelligence to achieve real-
time connections, the CONNECT app is powered by Commerce Bank bankers. This 
allows customers to build a relationship with their banker over time, so their banker 
can make even better recommendations and help them continue to reach their goals.Communicating with our customers
We have been able to rely on our various communication channels to keep customers 
informed and help provide guidance virtually during the pandemic. Our dedicated 
“Here to Help” section on our website summarizes the relief measures available to 
customers. Through our blogs, Ideas & Tips and Trends & Insights, as well as on social 
media and through email newsletters, we’ve provided timely advice on topics such 
as preparing for a CARES Act economic impact payment and what to know about 
COVID- 19 fraud schemes. We also were awarded a Gold PRISM Award for our customer 
communication response to the COVID- 19 pandemic by the Greater Kansas City Public 
Relations Society of America.
Click to learn
more
Simple to start [an] account. Kevin helped me 
right away with my question. Easy to use. 
— Howard Jones, 5 stars, Google Play Store

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT18Easing the stress of homebuying and refinancing 
Low interest rates made buying a home and refinancing a mortgage attractive this 
past year, but the COVID- 19 pandemic introduced some logistic challenges. We’ve 
been able to leverage our Commerce Bank Loan Hub product to support homeowners 
in applying for a mortgage without stepping into a branch. Through our website, 
customers can chat with a Commerce Bank representative to ask questions and 
connect with a mortgage banker in their area. They can then start their mortgage 
application through our secure online Loan Hub portal. A copilot feature even enables 
them to request a mortgage banker to join their application process virtually to help 
walk them through it. Once a customer has applied, the customer can submit their 
required documents, see the next step in the process, and track the status of their 
application online. Customers have shared that the new streamlined process has been 
easy and convenient, and saved significant time from application to closing.
Expanding the path to homeownership
Buying a home can be a significant life goal, but for many people, it can feel out of reach. 
At Commerce, we believe safe, affordable housing should be available to everyone 
and is at the core of stabilizing communities. That’s why in 2020 , we launched a new 
program to make affordable housing more attainable in low- and moderate-income 
areas. We worked with local partner organizations, real estate agents and housing 
agencies to understand the barriers to homeownership and designed a solution that 
aims to provide inclusive and sustainable opportunities. Recognizing there is often 
distrust of financial institutions in the areas we hope to serve, we worked with local 
organizations to perform proactive outreach and education in communities.
The first product in the program, the Neighborhood Connection Home Loan, expands 
the criteria for buying a home or refinancing an existing mortgage. This type of loan 
supports individuals who may otherwise have a loan request denied due to their credit 
history or have difficulty covering a down payment. Applicants may also be eligible 
for the Neighborhood Connection Grant, which helps the recipient cover closing 
costs. Homebuyers are asked to complete a homebuyer education course offered 
through local partner organizations to help ensure they feel confident in managing 
their finances as a homeowner. 
Our second product, the Neighborhood Connection Budget Booster Loan, helps 
homeowners fund home repairs and consolidate debt. This is especially helpful for 
older homeowners looking to reduce their monthly expenses and stay in their home. 
To connect with people likely to benefit from the program, we turned to organizations 
with whom we have long-standing relationships and who are trusted in the communities 
they serve. These organizations, such as Credit and Homeownership Empowerment 
Services, Inc. in Kansas City and Beyond Housing in St. Louis, have guided us and 
been excellent partners in outreach and education. While COVID- 19 has impacted our 
outreach strategy, we still have been able to co-host virtual homebuyer education 
seminars and co-sponsor community marketing campaigns to reach as many people 
as possible.I was a teenage 
mother at 15, and 
I could have easily 
given up! My 
daughter’s father 
passed away when 
she was seven, and 
I have had to do 
everything on my 
own. I’m literally in 
tears! I just never 
gave up, even 
when all my friends 
had already been 
homeowners. I just 
waited until the time 
was right for me.” 
— Customer April W.

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT19Enabling business customers to bank from home
As we transitioned to working from home as a company, so did our business banking 
customers. We have focused on supporting our business customers’ employees as 
they made the transition to completing their banking tasks from home instead of in 
the office. Our challenge has been to ensure customers’ employees were able to 
securely and easily access key Commerce Bank platforms remotely. Through a joint 
effort between business bankers, business operations and customer support agents, 
we have been able to help our business customers access their company accounts 
with minimal disruption.
Unsurprisingly, the virtual work environment has sparked a surge of 
interest in Commerce Connections®, our comprehensive web-based 
cash management system. We were fully prepared to onboard 
these new customers remotely and get them set up quickly to start 
managing their payments online from home. 
The pandemic also highlighted opportunities for us to reimagine how we deliver some 
of our products and services. For instance, our Bank Operations team successfully 
distributed their workforce while mitigating potential impact to customers in a 
matter of days, which meant navigating how to support paper-intensive solutions like 
remittance processing. Similarly, the Commercial Loan Servicing team found ways 
to take a digital-first approach, retooling paper-based processes to come up with 
solutions such as accepting e-signatures in place of in-person closings.
Throughout the transition, business banking leaders reviewed customers’ statistics and 
feedback daily to assess and respond to any customer issues as quickly as possible. 
Supporting fully remote healthcare financing
Since 2013, our Health Services Financing (HSF®) solution has helped 
individuals and their providers manage medical financing more easily 
so they can focus on what matters most: seeing to their health and 
recovery. With a  0% or low-interest payment plan through HSF®, 
healthcare clients can work with Commerce Bank to pay off their 
medical bills over a reasonable time period. We have also worked 
with clients who have been laid off due to the COVID- 19 pandemic 
and are unable to pay to provide forbearance measures and relief.
During the pandemic, HSF® has supported healthcare systems’ need to decrease 
clients’ time spent in medical buildings and handle as many processes virtually as 
possible. HSF® is a paperless electronic solution that allows healthcare clients to opt in 
verbally in the doctor’s office or apply and enroll online or over the phone. Once they 
are signed up, they are able to manage their payments directly with Commerce Bank 
through the channel that works best for them.
Moving forward together
We feel fortunate to have strengthened our relationships with our customers even 
amidst the difficulties of 2020 . The past year taught us that we are well-positioned 
to help our customers navigate whatever challenges may come, whether in person 
or virtually. We are more committed than ever to bolstering our customers’ digital 
experience and enabling them to bank when, where and how they prefer. We look 
forward to continuing to support our customers’ needs and helping them navigate 
whatever comes next. Click to learn
more
Click to learn
more

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT20
Celebrating  
Our Differences
We work together as one team
At Commerce, we are in service to our team members as well as our customers. We 
take our role as an employer seriously and appreciate the opportunity we have to 
support our team members to bring their best selves to work. We are committed 
to holistically supporting our team members through competitive benefits; career 
development initiatives; diversity, equity and inclusion 
programming; robust training; and more. We believe that 
maintaining a positive, inclusive culture is key to empowering 
our team members to focus on doing their best work and 
achieving their personal and professional goals. As a result, we 
have been recognized by Forbes  as a Best Mid-Size Employer 
for the fourth consecutive year.
We pay close attention to key signals to determine how our team members feel on 
an annual basis to identify areas where we can improve. Each year, we conduct a 
team member survey in partnership with Korn Ferry to gauge team members’ sense 
of engagement, enablement and overall satisfaction with their employment at 
Commerce. Our 2020  engagement and enablement scores not only improved, but 
they also exceeded the scores of other high-performing peer financial institutions 
surveyed by Korn Ferry.
/eight.lf/five.lf%
/seven.lf/one.lf%
Engagement/eight.lf/three.lf%
/seven.lf/zero.lf%
Enablement
Commerce U.S. High-Performing NormHighly Engaged and Enabled Teams
based on /two.lf/zero.lf/two.lf/zero.lf Team Member Survey by Korn Ferry

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT21PHYSICAL WELL-BEING
• Medical, dental and vision 
healthcare plans
• Critical illness, accident and 
hospital indemnity insurance
• Long-term care insurance
• Paid medical leave
• On-site flu shots
• Healthy Returns tools and 
programs for healthy living
• Cost of COVID-19 tests covered 
during the pandemic
CAREER DEVELOPMENT
• Education assistance
• Tuition discounts through 
Scholarship America
• Mentorship and job shadowing 
opportunities
• Leadership development 
programs
• Managing at Commerce programEMOTIONAL WELL-BEING
• Paid vacation, sick and personal 
time off
• Vacation Purchase program
• Paid holidays
• Paid parental leave
• Paid volunteer time off
• Flexible work schedules
• Employee Assistance program
• Commerce in the Community 
volunteering initiatives
• Care@work premium 
membershipsFINANCIAL WELL-BEING
• Base salary and incentives (based 
on eligibility)
• 401(k) including company match 
(traditional and Roth)
• Retirement education resources
• Flexible spending accounts and 
health savings accounts
• Employee, supplemental and 
dependent life insurance
• Long-term disability
• Family and medical leave
• Adoption assistance
• Commerce Perks discounts on 
good and services
• Commerce Bank services discountsBenefits at Commerce
We’re committed to providing a variety of highly competitive benefits to attract, 
motivate and retain the best and brightest talent in the industry. Our employee 
benefits strategy is focused on four main components: Financial Well-Being, Physical 
Well-Being, Emotional Well-Being and Career Development.
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT22COMMERCE  
CORPORATE BLUE CHIPS
Our Corporate Blue Chips are 
enterprise-wide priorities that help 
us achieve our strategic goals.  They 
are innovative efforts that go beyond 
business as usual and are the highest 
priority initiatives for the company. 
Our Commerce Bancshares, Inc. 
(CBI) Blue Chips will produce results 
that fall across a spectrum — from 
foundationally improving how we 
run our business to fundamentally 
transforming our business through 
new products or services.Our differences make the difference
We firmly believe that bringing together a diverse set of perspectives and voices makes 
us a stronger team and company. We are focused on creating an environment where 
people from all backgrounds feel safe, are empowered to share their perspective, and 
are heard. Since the late 1990s, we have been leading grass-roots efforts to support 
diversity initiatives in the communities in which we operate. Our commitment goes 
back to 2004  when we released our first company-wide diversity statement. In the 
years since, we have continued to increase our investment in our Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion (DEI) initiatives, and in 2020  designated DEI as a Corporate Blue Chip. 
CBI Blue Chip
The History of DEI at Commerce
Workplace Diversity 
section added to 
commercebank.comOnline Diversity and 
Inclusion learning 
sessions for all team 
members
Created a new 
corporate-wide role 
focused on Inclusion 
and DiversityExpanded our corporate 
Diversity Strategy to 
Inclusion & Diversity 
focused on awareness, 
alignment and 
accountability
Rollout of workshops 
“Building an 
Inclusive Workplace 
at Commerce” 
for managers and 
“Diversity, Inclusion & 
You” for all employeesLaunched the first 
Employee Resource 
GroupLaunched Diverse 
Employment 
Marketing materials
Increased investment 
in Inclusion and 
Diversity by hiring an 
additional dedicated 
resourceExecutive Mentorship 
Program launched for 
high-potential team 
members who are 
people of color
“Commerce: 
A Culture of 
Inclusion” online 
training for all 
team membersHosted Diversity 
Awareness Partners 
workshops: 
“Unconscious Bias 
Training”, “Listen, 
Talk, & Learn” and 
“Diversity and 
Inclusion Basics”Launched 
Commerce 
Courageous 
Conversations 
Series“Lunch and 
Learn” series 
focused on 
inclusion and 
diversityCEO Action  for 
Diversity and 
Inclusion signed Message from CEO about 
creating a culture of 
inclusion sent to team 
members along with 
enhanced corporate 
communications around 
diversityBeginning  
in 2004
First company-wide 
diversity statement 
and diversity strategy 
developed
Our journey continues...
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT23To ensure our DEI strategy is 
comprehensive and thoroughly guides 
our work across the company, we have 
designated the following key pillars: 
Customer, Community, Supplier and 
Internal. Each pillar is overseen by two 
team leaders and driven by a dedicated 
working group. Each pillar has associated 
key objectives to ensure we as a company 
hold ourselves accountable to tangible 
results.
Diversity among our leaders and 
team members 
As part of our Internal pillar, we are 
focused on increasing the diversity of 
our leaders and teams. We are striving 
to make our workforce reflect the 
demographics of the communities in 
which we operate. THE KEY PILLARS OF OUR DEI CBI BLUE CHIP
Our new Diversity, Equity and Inclusion CBI Blue Chip includes four pillars that 
focus both internally and externally. We will build on the years of progress we have 
already made regarding diversity.
CUSTOMER
Deeper focus on 
growing a diverse 
customer base
SUPPLIER
Improve the 
diversity of our 
suppliers and spendCOMMUNITY
Investing, both 
financially and 
with our time, in 
our communities
INTERNAL
Enhance internal talent 
mobility and external 
recruiting practices to 
increase the diversity of 
our teams and leaders
Information as of 12/31/2020 , 
except where noted. Workforce 
availability is a weighted average 
based on job type and region.   
The workforce availability data 
used for the calculation is 
provided by a third-party vendor 
and is based on U.S. Census data.  
1In January 2021, Commerce 
Bancshares, Inc., announced 
the addition of the Enterprise 
Digital Strategy leadership role 
to the Executive Management 
Committee. The graphic 
reflects the announcement. 
Data for workforce availability 
is not available for Executive 
Management Committee. Less than
/one.lf year/six.lf%/two.lf/five.lf%/three.lf/eight.lf%
/one.lf to /five.lf years/three.lf/zero.lf%
/five.lf to /one.lf/five.lf years More than
/one.lf/five.lf yearsTeam Member
Representation by Tenure
Generation Z/four.lf%/two.lf/zero.lf%/four.lf/two.lf%
Millennials/three.lf/five.lf%
Generation X Baby
BoomersTeam Member
Representation by GenerationWomen
Women /two.lf/zero.lf/two.lf/zero.lf  Workforce Availability
/two.lf/three.lf%Executive Management
Committee/one.lf 
/five.lf/eight.lf%
/five.lf/two.lf%All Team Members
/two.lf/nine.lf%
/four.lf/four.lf% Executive/Senior
Management
/five.lf/two.lf%
/five.lf/five.lf%Mid-Level Management
& Supervisors
People of Color
People of Color /two.lf/zero.lf/two.lf/zero.lf  Workforce Availability
/eight.lf%Executive Management
Committee/one.lf 
/two.lf/one.lf%
/one.lf/eight.lf%All Team Members
/three.lf%
/one.lf/one.lf% Executive/Senior
Management
/one.lf/eight.lf%
/one.lf/four.lf%Mid-Level Management
& SupervisorsWomen
People of Color
2020  Workforce  
Availability
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT24Addressing unconscious bias 
In 2020 , we hosted many unconscious bias training sessions, Awareness Workshops 
and Listen, Talk, Learn events across the company to increase team members’ 
awareness and understanding of racial equity issues. Team members were able 
to take their exploration of these topics further by participating in the Commerce 
Courageous Conversation Series and VIBE Engage Series. These series created a space 
for attendees to learn from panel speakers, participate in roundtable conversations, or 
discuss recommended books and podcasts about race, ethnicity and disability.
Fostering a shared identity and sense of belonging 
Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are organized around team members’ diverse 
backgrounds to create a space where they can make personal connections and foster 
a sense of community to support their career at Commerce. In 2020 , 86% of team 
members reported feeling a sense of belonging at Commerce. Each ERG is open to all 
team members, and allies are encouraged to join. Our ERGs include:OUR COMMITMENT
Commerce’s core values and commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion 
continue to guide our focus on doing what’s right for our team members, 
customers and communities.PARTICIPATION IN RACIAL 
EQUITY TRAINING IN 2020
For Unconscious Bias Training, Awareness 
Workshops and Listen, Talk, Learn Sessions
Over
participants2,000 112
sessions
RISE promotes the advancement, retention and recruitment 
of women at Commerce.
VIBE aims to foster an environment where team members 
are valued, empowered and engaged to promote multi-
cultural representation and retention.EMERGE strives to support and promote a workplace 
culture at Commerce that attracts, develops, engages and 
ultimately retains young professionals.
PRIDE works to provide an open forum where LGBTQIA+ 
and allied teammates with a shared interest can aspire, 
develop and collaborate to reach their highest potential.
In 2020 , the Human Rights Campaign Foundation 
assigned Commerce Bank a score of 90 points out of 
a possible 100 for their Corporate Equality Index for 
LGBTQ equality in workplaces .SPOTLIGHT: PARENTS 
AND GUARDIANS SPECIAL 
INTEREST GROUP (SIG)
During the past year, the Parents 
and Guardians SIG has grown from 
five members to 177. This SIG stays 
connected through a Microsoft 
Teams channel, where members 
cheer each other on, ask questions 
and get advice, and share stories 
about their own work-and-parent-
from-home experience.
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT25How we recruit, develop, promote and retain our team members
We are dedicated to ensuring our team members feel valued and motivated to 
continue their career with us, from their first day to their 20th year and beyond. We 
facilitate several programs designed to help team members set and work toward their 
professional goals, establish a strong network, and grow in their career.
ALIGNing around team members’ goals
Our performance review process, ALIGN, is structured to help team members set 
actionable goals and keep them in focus through ongoing interactive discussions with 
their leaders. They check in with their managers on a monthly basis to touch base and 
make sure they’re on track toward meeting their goals. Team members have shared 
the following feedback about the process:
As a new team member, these conversations 
have helped me to fully understand my manager’s 
expectations. It also allows me the ability to 
be proactive in my time management and 
communication , and maintain awareness of areas 
where I can be agile and still meet all the goal sets.
— Commerce Bank Team MemberIn 2020 , our ERGs flexed to continue to engage their members and other Commerce 
Bank team members virtually. The four ERGs hosted a total of 86 events with over 7 ,000  
participants.  
I really like having  
one-on-one time with  
my manager to discuss 
what I would like to 
work toward  or what 
goals I have within the 
company.  
— Commerce Bank Team MemberGrowth in ERG Membership
Team members belonging to at least one ERG
+/one.lf/four.lf%
/two.lf/zero.lf/two.lf/zero.lfOver /one.lf,/seven.lf/zero.lf/zero.lf
members
Over /one.lf,/five.lf/zero.lf/zero.lf
members
/two.lf/zero.lf/one.lf/nine.lf/one.lf,/two.lf/eight.lf/one.lf
/three.lf/five.lf/seven.lf/five.lf/five.lf/zero.lf
/three.lf/four.lf/one.lf/two.lf/zero.lf/two.lf/zero.lf ERG Membership
Team members may belong to more than one ERG
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT26Pay equity at Commerce
Commerce has a proactive process in place to help ensure team members are being 
paid equitably. On a consistent basis, a base pay analysis is completed based on an 
individual’s experience, education and the geographic market rate of their current 
position. This analysis ensures Commerce is not only compensating team members 
appropriately, but also offering competitive pay to retain our team members.
Creating pathways for growth at Commerce
Whether a team member is new to the company or looking to step into management, 
we want them to feel empowered to progress in their career with us. That’s why 
in 2020 , we launched the new Commerce Pathways Program and website, which 
includes several pathways for team members in different stages of their career. Team 
members are encouraged to participate and create a profile detailing their career 
history, skills, goals and interests.
• The Ambassador Program  pairs new team members with a Commerce   
 team member to help them orient to the company.
 • Job shadowing  allows team members to explore jobs they might be interested in  
 and expand their network by shadowing someone in that role.
• Through the Mentoring Program , team members can find and arrange strong  
 mentorship matches.  
• The Aspiring Manager Program  provides a structured orientation to management  
 at Commerce for team members who are interested in becoming a manager.
• The Leadership Development Series  at Commerce helps managers and team  
 leaders strengthen their leadership skills and continue to grow their career at  
 Commerce.
• The Executive Mentorship Program  pairs high-potential team members who are  
 people of color with members of the Executive Management Committee to   
 facilitate professional development.
Expanding knowledge through continued training
To help our team members continue to grow and develop, we provide additional training 
and resources on the different areas of our business, our culture and other priorities. See 
below for examples of the different topics we offer.
COMMERCIAL
• Commercial Products
• Sales
• Credit
• Technology and Systems
CONSUMER
• Retail Product Knowledge
• Sales
• Customer Experience
• Fraud Prevention
• Technology and Systems
• Leadership and CoachingWEALTH
• Wealth Management Services  
and Products
• Sales
• Compliance
• Technology and Systems
OTHER TOPICS
• Our Culture
• Agile Training and Workshops
• Innovation Workshops
• Inclusion and Diversity
• Office 365 Training

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT27Exploring career possibilities 
with the Ascend Program
The Commerce Bank Ascend Program 
helps recent college graduates and 
skilled professionals find a promising 
career at Commerce based on their 
unique skills and interests. Through 
the Commerce Bank Ascend Program, 
participants gain experience in financial 
services and hone their leadership skills.
The Ascend Program includes the 
following activities:
• Mentorship
• Learn how to underwrite credit and  
 assess risk
• Rotate through departments and  
 product areas
• Work with and learn from senior   
 leaders
• Learn our sales process and work  
 with customers
Participants in the Ascend Program can 
explore different areas of the company 
to assess what department and role 
might be the best fit for them. Graduates 
of the program, which includes our CFO, 
continue to drive results throughout the 
company.Developing tomorrow’s IT 
leaders
Information Technology (IT) is a crucial 
part of our business at Commerce, 
and we’re continually looking for our 
next generation of outstanding IT 
professionals. That’s why we created 
the Developer Acceleration Program. 
This full-time program gives individuals 
experience with multiple technologies, 
delivery methods and operational 
functions to accelerate their learning 
and career growth. 
Once a team member completes the 
first three months of the program, they 
then move into a 15-month rotational 
program to learn our different products, 
teams and technologies. Every five 
months, the team member moves to a 
different working group to give them 
a comprehensive understanding of 
Enterprise IT from end to end. The 
experience is customized based on the 
interests and background of the team 
member. The program gives graduates 
a solid grounding in our technology 
systems and a sense of which area they 
would like to start their career in at 
Commerce.Promoting good health and 
wellness
At Commerce, we are invested in 
supporting our team members’ overall 
wellness and health through our Total 
Rewards program. During the COVID- 19 
pandemic, we’ve implemented premium 
pay for team members who were unable 
to work from home. Then, we extended 
our sick leave policy to support team 
members who may become sick or need 
to care for a family member who is sick.
To ensure that our Total Rewards 
program meets team members’ needs, 
we conduct a survey every three years 
to get feedback from our team regarding 
their priorities with our overall offering. 
In our 2018 Optimization Survey, team 
members reported 84% satisfaction 
with their Total Rewards compensation 
package, which marked a 6% increase 
in satisfaction since the previous 
Optimization Survey. DEVELOPER ACCELERATION 
PROGRAM

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT28Team members helping team members 
Commerce team members have a demonstrated passion for supporting our customers 
and communities — and their fellow team members. The Employee 2 Employee 
Foundation (E 2E) was established in 2016 to enable a formal process for team members 
to help other team members. E 2E aims to support team members that find themselves 
in a tough spot financially due to unforeseen events like medical or natural emergencies. 
E2E is a separate, independent nonprofit entity led by a board of directors with members 
from a variety of departments across the bank. 
The foundation is largely powered by Commerce team members’ contributions, and 
the E 2E board reviews applications from team members requesting assistance. Since 
its inception, the E 2E Foundation has distributed over $ 500,000  in support funds to 
more than 200 team members.IMPACT IN 2020
Amount distributed by the 
foundation to applicants
$179,325
Number of team members 
who received assistance
70
Focused on our team members
Our team members power everything we do, and we are grateful for their hard work 
and dedication to our customers and communities. In 2020 , we were encouraged 
to see how well we were able to stay connected as one team to support each other, 
navigate uncertainty, and learn and grow as a company.

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT29
GOVERNANCE
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT30
Acting  
with Integrity
Trust underpins all that we do
We are committed to doing the right thing for our customers, team members, 
communities and shareholders and believe that sound corporate governance 
practices are vital to operating as an ethical and socially responsible business. We 
work diligently to mitigate risk while serving the needs of our stakeholders in order 
to continually earn their trust and confidence and build long-term value. We believe 
maintaining trust is a vital part of our purpose to help others focus on what matters 
most.
We have developed strong governance practices with the goal of acting with 
integrity to ensure our decisions and practices meet our high standards for ethics 
and compliance. The Commerce Bancshares, Inc. Board of Directors (Board) has 
adopted guidelines on significant corporate governance matters that, together with 
our Code of Ethics and other policies, create the corporate governance standards for 
our company. 
Prioritizing diversity in Board leadership
The Board is comprised of professionals with different backgrounds and professional 
experiences. The Board believes diversity of perspective is crucial to representing the 
communities and customers we serve and strengthens our ability to provide long-term 
value for all our shareholders. Accordingly, Board diversity — including diversity with 
respect to race, ethnicity, gender, geography and areas of specialty — is an integral 
component in selecting nominees for Board consideration. 
GENDER, RACIAL
AND ETHNIC DIVERSITY/two.lf MEMBERS INDEPENDENT
NON/hyphen.caseINDEPENDENT
 FEMALE MALEGENDER, RACIAL
AND ETHNIC DIVERSITY/two.lf MEMBERS INDEPENDENT
NON/hyphen.caseINDEPENDENT
 FEMALE MALEGENDER, RACIAL
AND ETHNIC DIVERSITY/two.lf MEMBERS INDEPENDENT
NON/hyphen.caseINDEPENDENT
 FEMALE MALECOMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT31How we approach executive compensation 
In order to attract and retain top performers, Commerce aims to provide a total 
compensation program that is competitive in the markets where we operate. We aim 
to:
• Align the interests of our executive officers with the long-term interests of  
 our shareholders
• Provide reward systems that are credible, consistent with our core values and  
 appropriately structured not to encourage undue risk 
• Reward individuals for results rather than seniority, tenure or other forms  
 of entitlement
For more information on executive compensation, please see our Proxy Statement .
Maintaining Board oversight
The Board guides and oversees our strategic decision-making and initiatives. To assist 
with this oversight, the Board operates and oversees several committees, including the 
Compensation and Human Resources Committee, the Committee on Governance/
Directors, and the Audit and Risk Committee. These committees meet regularly and 
report updates to the Board to help guide our company’s strategic direction.
AUDIT AND RISK
• Appoint or replace the independent auditor  
• Review the performance of the Company’s internal audit function and independent auditors  
• Monitor the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and review the audits of its financial statements  
• Review management’s assessment that the credit review system is appropriate  
• Evaluate, monitor and oversee the Company’s risk management governance structure and risk management framework to ensure 
appropriate risk identification, measurement and reporting  
• Review, approve and monitor the Company’s risk appetite and supporting risk tolerance levels  
• Advise the Board with respect to the Company’s policies and procedures regarding compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations and with the Company’s Code of Ethics  
• Oversee the Company’s progress on Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives and activitiesGOVERNANCE/DIRECTORS
• Evaluate proposed candidates for 
directorship in the Company
• Evaluate Board performance
• Establish the agenda for the annual 
meeting of shareholders
• Evaluate the quality of the 
information and analysis presented 
to the Board and standing 
committees
• Assess the independence of 
Directors
• Evaluate the performance of the 
Company relative to corporate 
governance mattersCOMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES
COMPENSATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES
• Establish the Company’s general compensation philosophy and oversee 
the development and implementation of executive and senior management 
compensation programs
• Review and approve corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation 
of executives and senior management
• Review the performance of executives and senior management
• Determine the appropriate compensation levels for executives and senior 
management
• Make recommendations to the Board with respect to the Company’s incentive 
plans and equity-based plans
• Oversee regulatory compliance with respect to compensation matters, which 
includes oversight of the Company’s policies on structuring compensation 
programs to preserve tax deductibility
• Advise and consult with management on succession planning
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT32You can review the Compensation and Human Resources Committee Charter, the 
Committee on Governance/Directors Charter and the Audit and Risk Committee 
Charter on our website .
How we manage risk 
Commerce has a long-standing conservative risk culture. Our risk culture is aligned 
with our core values and guiding behaviors, as follows:
• We have a long-term view:  We are willing to take measured risks and learn  
 from mistakes.
• We act with integrity: We do what is right.
• We strive for excellence: We are personally accountable for achieving results.  
 We continuously measure and improve our performance.
In today’s banking environment, risk is omnipresent. We acknowledge that in order to 
continue to thrive, we must identify, measure, monitor and control the entire spectrum 
of risks we face. These include credit, market (interest rate), liquidity, operational, 
compliance, legal, strategic and reputational risks. To accomplish effective risk 
management, we have developed and work to maintain a strong risk culture. The 
Board’s Audit and Risk Committee has also approved a Risk Management Policy that 
describes a formal governance structure for managing risk.
As part of our governance structure, we maintain a network of specialized 
management-level risk committees to aid in the identification and monitoring of risk. 
The Board utilizes this structure to assess risk levels against established risk appetite 
thresholds. These committees routinely report on risk issues and along with the Chief 
Risk Officer and Director of Internal Audit, provide regular updates to the Audit and 
Risk Committee.
Audit & Risk
CommitteeBoard 
of Directors
Enterprise Risk 
Management
Committee
Asset Liability
CommitteeConsumer Risk
CommitteeCredit Policy
CommitteeOperational Risk
Committee
Volcker
CommitteeCommerce Trust Company
Risk Management
CommitteeInformation Security
Strategy BoardRISK MANAGEMENT GOVERANCE STRUCTUREESG MANAGEMENT 
COMMITTEE
In 2020 , we also formed an ESG 
Management Committee, along with 
two cross-functional working groups, 
to enhance our ESG program and 
reporting. The ESG Management 
Committee provides regular updates 
on ESG efforts to the Enterprise Risk 
Management Committee as well 
as the Audit and Risk Management 
Committee.
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT33Ensuring three lines of defense 
The Board’s governance structure includes a “Three Lines of Defense” framework. 
In this framework, the three lines of defense build upon each other to ensure a 
comprehensive risk management approach.
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC. POLICIES
• Bank Secrecy Act / Anti-Money 
Laundering / Office of Foreign Assets 
Control Policy*
• Business Continuity Management 
Policy*
• Capital Policy*
• Commerce Trust Company Policy*
• Commercial Credit Policy*
• Complaint Management Policy
• Compliance Management Program*
• Consumer Lending Policy*• Corporate Code of Ethics*
• Corporate Information Security Policy*
• Fair Lending Policy*
• Health Insurance Portability and 
Accountability Act (HIPAA) Policy
• Related Party Transactions Policy*
• Risk Management Policy*
• Third-Party Risk Management Policy*
• Unfair, Deceptive or Abusive Acts or 
Practices Program PolicyOur Policy Management Program
Along with our defined risk governance structure and Three Lines of Defense 
framework, Commerce has adopted a Policy Management Program. We maintain 
risk management policies to address liability exposure arising from the company’s 
activities. Many of these policies are regularly reviewed and approved by the Audit 
and Risk Committee while others are overseen by the Enterprise Risk Management 
Committee or one of the other specialized risk committees. Though not an exhaustive 
list of the company’s policies, the following relate to our ESG efforts and priorities:❶Front-line businesses and supporting organizations maintain ownership 
and management of risks
❷Risk management functions monitor adequacy and effectiveness of 
controls at the first line of defense and reports to senior management, 
management committees and the Audit and Risk Committee of the Board
❸Internal reviews conducted by Internal Audit and other groups 
responsible for providing independent evaluation
All Commerce teammates play a part 
in the effective management of risk, 
particularly within the scope of their 
respective roles and responsibilities. 
Teammates are required to complete 
extensive, ongoing training courses to 
increase their level of risk awareness on 
many risk-related policies and topics.• Corporate Code of Ethics
• Risk Management Overview
• Complaint Management
• Recognizing Security Threats
• Protecting Sensitive Information
• Responsible Banking
• Financial Exploitation of At-Risk Adults• Fraud Awareness and Prevention
• Social Engineering
• Fighting Identity Theft
• Money Laundering Prevention
• Bank Secrecy Act 
• Disbursements FraudTraining team members in risk management
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT34Maintaining a high standard for ethics and compliance
We are committed to the highest standards of ethical and professional conduct for 
all Commerce team members, officers and directors. We believe governance is a 
shared responsibility and that we all have a role in protecting sensitive information, 
maintaining ethical practices, and complying with laws and regulations. In 2020 , 100% 
of our team members completed mandatory annual training on the Corporate Code of 
Ethics. To make our corporate governance policies actionable for team members, we 
maintain the following practices:
• Complaint review:   We collect and review complaints from across the company  
 to identify areas where we can improve and mitigate further challenges for   
 customers.
• Anonymous tip line:  Team members are encouraged to report any unethical,  
 illegal or unsafe behavior through our secure, anonymous 24-hour phone line   
 maintained by a third-party vendor.
• Consistent, up-to-date training sessions:  Training owners review and update  
 their training curriculum each year to incorporate new topics and ensure materials  
 are as up to date as possible.
Providing quality, ethical service to our customers is the highest priority at 
Commerce. Any fraud, abuse of or discrimination against customers is unacceptable. 
Our expectation is that every team member is part of a team effort to look for and 
prevent inappropriate customer treatment. Commerce wants, and encourages, team 
members to question and report any concerns with company policies or actions by 
staff that they believe are, or could be, improper. We provide multiple methods for 
team members to raise such concerns. Team members may contact management or 
report concerns using the anonymous tip line.ANONYMOUS TIP LINE
The anonymous tip line is a dedicated 
phone line that provides team 
members a confidential avenue and 
allows them to remain anonymous 
when reporting matters. A tip can 
be reported 24/7 through a toll-
free phone number or online. An 
independent organization staffs the 
anonymous tip line with specially 
trained representatives to document 
team member matters and relay 
the information to Commerce 
management.
Information Security and Data Privacy
Commerce has adopted comprehensive information security and data privacy policies, 
aligned with the National Institute of Standards and Technology and International 
Organization for Standardization (ISO) standards, and regularly measures our security 
program’s performance against industry benchmarks. Our security governance 
framework includes a dedicated information security program that reports regularly 
to the Information Security Strategy Board, the Operational Risk Committee and the 
Enterprise Risk Management Committee. The program further reports to the Board’s 
Audit and Risk Committee and the Board of Directors in alternating years.
All employees and contractors are required to take regular training 
on information security requirements and must acknowledge 
adherence with policies and standards annually. In addition, we 
conduct quarterly phishing campaigns to test team members’ 
knowledge, educate them on spotting phishing attacks and 
measure the effectiveness of our training program. The Commerce 
Privacy Statement serves as a standard for all team members for 
the collection, use, retention and security of nonpublic personal 
information and tells customers how they may limit use of their 
information by Commerce.
Finally, we annually evaluate all applications, databases, information technology 
infrastructure, service providers and business units that handle sensitive information as 
part of our information security risk assessment. We also assess any new applications, 
infrastructure components and service providers before they are integrated with our Click to learn
more
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT35existing systems. Commerce contractually requires all service providers, contractors, 
subcontractors or other third parties that process, transmit, access, or store company 
or customer data to be in compliance with all applicable laws and to comply with 
all relevant company policies (including, but not limited to, retention, encryption, 
transmission and application security policies) and safeguards.
Anti-discrimination and anti-harassment
At Commerce, we uphold our responsibility to ensure that Commerce team members 
are not subjected to unlawful discrimination and/or harassment in any term or 
condition of employment on the basis of a protected status, which we define as race, 
color, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sex, sexual 
orientation, disability (including physical or mental handicap), age, veteran status, 
military status, national origin, religion, pregnancy status, genetic information or any 
other status protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Further, the goal at 
Commerce is to ensure that conduct never reaches the level of unlawful behavior. 
Accordingly, Commerce prohibits conduct that is inconsistent with our values, whether 
or not that conduct violates the law. We believe that preventing discrimination is the 
responsibility of every Commerce team member.
Commerce prohibits any unwelcome verbal or physical conduct that maligns or shows 
hostility or aversion toward a team member because of their protected status. This 
prohibition applies to all individuals who work for or with Commerce, including officers, 
managers, supervisors, team members, clients, customers, vendors or suppliers.
Any team member who has a question, concern, or complaint of discrimination or 
harassment based on a protected status is encouraged to bring the matter to the 
immediate attention of their management team, the Commerce Bancshares legal 
department or to company management through the anonymous tip line.
Protecting team members from retaliation
Commerce will not retaliate against any individual who in good faith makes a report 
or complaint. We prohibit retaliation against a team member (as well as those with 
whom the team member is closely associated, such as a spouse, significant other and/
or family members) for reporting discrimination or harassment, assisting in making 
a discrimination or harassment complaint, or cooperating in a discrimination or 
harassment investigation. 
No employee, officer or director will be penalized, retaliated against or be made 
subject to any corrective action as the result of good faith reporting of suspected 
violations of the Code of Ethics. Further, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002 , Commerce has adopted a Financial Matters Complaint Policy and an associated 
reporting process to provide an anonymous means for reporting concerns about 
accounting, auditing and other financial matters.
Maintaining business continuity 
Commerce must remain operational, regardless of any event that may affect the 
company’s team members, facilities or infrastructure. Should operations be threatened 
by a business disruption, the Business Continuity Management (BCM) program ensures 
the company’s preparedness and efficient response to maintain operations. The BCM 
team does this by identifying risks and taking actions to eliminate or mitigate the 
potential impact of those risks. Our BCM efforts help ensure continuity of operations 
to fulfill the company’s responsibility to shareholders, customers and employees 
as well as all legal and regulatory BCM standards. The BCM team collaborates with 
management to ensure plans and processes are in place to fully meet all requirements. 
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT36The BCM team proactively coordinates with business units around the company 
to develop and maintain business continuity plans, conduct plan testing and 
facilitate tabletop exercises to maintain readiness. The team oversees the Pandemic 
Preparedness and Response Plan and Crisis Management Plan and is a key contributor 
to the maintenance of the company’s Crisis Communications Plan. The BCM team works 
with the Information Technology department to coordinate the company’s Disaster 
Recovery exercises and is continually working with the Department of Homeland 
Security (DHS) and other outside groups to monitor potential threats. From time to 
time, industry groups like DHS will be invited to the company to conduct tabletop 
exercises with members of the Executive Management team. 
BCM planning is an ongoing process that requires the creation of detailed plans. These 
plans identify critical functions and address business unit needs for recovery from any 
event that interrupts normal business operations. The BCM team conducts regular 
testing and exercising of the plans and makes regular updates to keep existing plans 
up to date and ensure their accuracy.   
BCM during the COVID- 19 pandemic
Our Pandemic Planning Committee has been active since 2018, maintains a Preparedness 
and Response Plan and participates in annual tabletop exercises. Their work enabled 
us to respond quickly to the COVID- 19 pandemic this past year. When news of the virus 
began to emerge in January, the Commerce leadership team paid close attention and 
continued to monitor developments. We activated our Pandemic Preparedness and 
Response Plan and COVID- 19 Pandemic Taskforce in February 
2020 . We then began pivoting operations to enable safe 
work environments for our team members while continuing to 
provide consistent service for our customers. 
The shift to remote and socially distant operations required 
a coordinated, holistic strategy to ensure safe, secure and 
efficient work environments for all team members. Thanks 
to our Information Technology (IT) and Information Security 
teams, we were able to implement 100% of our distributed 
workforce plans. As a result, up to 93% of our IT teams, 82% of 
office staff and 80% of Customer Care agents have been able 
to work from home or at alternate sites during the pandemic. 
For more than 800 employees, this was their first time working 
remotely.
We continue to monitor the COVID- 19 pandemic and adjust our 
business practices accordingly. We maintain close supervision 
of the health, safety and well-being of our team members, 
customers and communities as we continue to find ways to 
serve our stakeholders’ needs.
Doing the right thing is in our culture
At Commerce, the priorities described in this section derive from our values and culture. 
We believe in doing the right thing for our customers, team members, communities 
and shareholders. This is reinforced by our values of integrity, excellence and taking a 
long-term view when weighing risks and making decisions. Overseen by our Board in 
this work, we make risk management, ethical behavior and fairness an integral part of 
our business.

COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT37
ENVIRONMENTAL
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT38
Sustainable  
Operations
Managing resources for the long term
As a bank, we have modest environmental impacts. However, we recognize that our 
daily work does have an impact. We work to ensure we are using resources responsibly 
to reduce our carbon footprint and promote sustainable business practices for the 
long term. Sustainability is a priority for us because we believe in being good stewards 
of the Earth’s resources and because it drives efficiency, cost savings and improved 
quality of life for our customers, team members, communities and shareholders. Our 
commitment to sustainability informs our work at every level, from how we approach 
construction to the ways we reduce energy consumption in our day-to-day operations. 
Reducing our energy consumption 
As we go about our daily work, we seek ways to reduce our energy consumption. Most 
of our team members worked from home in 2020 , but as in-person work continued in 
our branches, we remained vigilant about using energy responsibly.
Through the end of 2020 , we completed 95% of our ongoing initiative to upgrade 
our branches’ lighting systems to use LED lighting. This will reduce our annual energy 
consumption by an estimated 72,000  kilowatt-hours (kWh) every year going forward. 
These results are expected to increase as we complete our branch lighting initiative in 
our corporate buildings as well. 
Recycling waste
Recognizing the impact our waste has on the environment, we continued our recycling 
programs throughout 2020 . 
95%
upgraded branches’ lighting 
systems to use LED721.2 
metric tons of paper  
shredded and recycled 24.4
metric tons of computer 
hardware recycled
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT39Our efforts helped us conserve natural resources:
Embracing alternative sources of energy 
In recent years, we have been exploring alternative sources of energy, like solar power, 
to help offset our energy consumption. As of 2020 , we have installed solar panels on  
over 10% of our branches. In Hays, Kansas, we’ve invested in a solar farm to generate 
clean energy for our operations. The solar farm produced 22,389  kWh of clean energy 
in 2020 . 
We also support electric vehicle (EV) charging at branches in our footprint, including 
13 stations at branch locations in the greater St. Louis metro area. Our EV stations 
enable customers to charge their vehicles while taking care of errands at Commerce 
Bank or in the area. 
Building sustainability into our physical footprint
We pay close attention to our customers’ and team members’ needs in each of our 
markets and make deliberate decisions to help ensure our physical footprint continues 
to best support them. As we go about constructing or renovating buildings, we 
take several factors into account, including environmental impact and long-term 
sustainability, no matter how small the project is. From the materials we use to the 
energy systems we install, we look for every opportunity to reduce the carbon 
footprint of our building projects. 
We work closely with each project’s contractor and architect to align with local 
regulations and incorporate LEED best practices as much as possible. To date, we 
have completed one LEED-certified building in O’Fallon, Missouri, and continue to look 
for opportunities to build and remodel along LEED principles. Here are some of the 
many factors we consider when designing a project:
Sustainability is good business
We believe sustainability is a corporate imperative and a smart business practice. 
Over the years, we have seen our sustainability efforts yield results that are good for 
our business as well as our customers, team members, communities and shareholders. 22,389 kWh
of clean energy generated  
from solar farm investment
654,000 kWh
of clean energy generated from 
solar panels installed at branches
2,683
EV charging sessions in 2020ESTIMATED  
5,791,322
gallons of water 
conservedBased on vendor estimatesESTIMATED  
14,078
trees saved
ESTIMATED  
2,383
cubic yards of 
landfill space saved
• Preference for working with  
 local suppliers
• LED lighting
• Waste reduction and recycling
• High-efficiency HVAC• Sustainable materials such as  
 insulation, carpet and paint
• Volatile organic compounds
• Runoff
• Positive work environment boosted  
 through lighting and air quality
COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.  |  2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT40COMMERCE BANCSHARES, INC.
1000  WALNUT 
P.O. BOX 419248
KANSAS CITY, MO 64141-6248 
Phone: (816) 234-2000  
            ( 800) 892-7100
Email: CBSHInvestorRelations@commercebank.com
Website: www.commercebank.com
An Equal Opportunity Employer
Copyright © 2021  Commerce Bancshares, Inc.  All rights reserved.