 2020 ESG Report
Environmental Social and Governance

Welcome to Chunghwa Telecom’s 14th Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Report. This report is published 
in both Chinese and English on a dedicated CSR website. We hope to integrate the advantages of both paper-
based and Internet-based reports to let our stakeholders gain a better understanding of our CSR-related efforts 
and performances in 2020.
This report discloses the Company’s CSR management policies, material issues, countermeasures, initiatives 
and results between January 1 and December 31, 2020. However, to ensure complete coverage, parts of the 
report include descriptions of initiatives and results from 2019 to 2021.
Content and data of this report have been reviewed and assured by SGS Taiwan Ltd. based on the “Core” 
option of GRI Standards for compliance with the Core elements of GRI Standards and AA1000 AS (2018) 
Type 2 High Assurance Standards and requirements of the Integrated Reporting <IR> Framework and 
Telecommunication Services Sustainability Accounting Standard, SASB.
If you have any feedback to share, please do not hesitate to 
contact us through: 
Vivian Lin, Public Affairs Department, Chunghwa Telecom,Issuing Organization Item
The Global Reporting Initiative, GRIGRI Standards: Core option
G3.1 Telecommunications Sector Supplement
The International Integrated Reporting Council, IIRC International <IR> Framework
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, SASBTelecommunication Services Sustainability 
Accounting Standard, SASB
TargetT
ResponseR
ActionA
ManagementM
Develop 
strategies  
and 
commitmentsManagement 
mindsets  
and 
mechanismsImportant 
projects  
and  
actionsStakeholder 
requests  
and  
responsesFuture  
outlook,  
targets and 
plansThe GRI and 
Chunghwa 
Telecom’s own 
IndicatorsStrategyS
IndicatorI
Address
Telephone
E-mail: 21-3, Sec. 1, Xinyi Road, Taipei, Taiwan 100
: +886-2-23442780
: chtcsr@cht.com.twUnless otherwise specified, all currency 
units used in this report’s financial data are 
by default New Taiwan Dollars (NT$).Topics of GRI Standards GRI
Chunghwa Telecom’ s Indicator CHTReferences
How to Read the Report
Assurance
FeedbackReporting PeriodEditorial Policy
https://www.cht.com.tw/en/home/cht/sustainability/csr-report-download
1
Sustainability
Risks and Opportunities04
Emerging Risks
Emerging Opportunities
Climate Change Risks and Opportunities
Cybersecurity Risks48
48
50
5544
Public Policy Participation06132
The Creation of
Sustainable Value05
The Digital Economy Motivator
The Creative Industry Pilot
The Happiness Value Protector
The Green Corporation Pioneer
The Social Value Guide60
64
70
102
11856Strategies and Goals for Material Topics
GRI Standard Index
Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board, SASB Index
Assurance Statement136
138
146  
147
CONTENTS
Corporate Governance
CSR Management18
26Corporate Overview0112
Material Topics and Impact03
2020 Material Topics and Impact
Stakeholders Engagement36
4034Sustainability Value Strategy02
Six Main Capitals -  
Create Sustainability Value
Five Major Forces -  
Drive the Sustainable Cycle
Creating Sustainable Value 
30
 
30
3228Editorial Policy
Message from the Chairman
2020 ESG Milestones
2020 Material Issue –  
COVID-19 Prevention Measures01
04
06
08
2 3
In response to the global issue of sustainable development, we drew on our years of practical experiences in 
the ESG area on the basis of digital inclusion strategy. In 2018, we launched the “5I SDGs” (i.e. “I love SDGs” ) 
initiative to set up pillars of  “I-Technology, I-Protecting, I-Helping, I-Learning, and I-Sharing”. With an army of 
corporate volunteers full of passion as the seeds, we pushed for an array of ESG action plans, including the all-
round next-generation AI young talent empowerment efforts, care for the underprivileged in the rural areas with 
the state-of-the-art technology as well as participation in the national team for epidemic prevention, innovating 
and fostering place-making models in alliance with local industries and energies, and formation of low-carbon 
sustainable supply chains with partners to exercise diverse environmentally sustainable practices in depth, 
bridge to the UN SDGs from multiple facets, and demonstrate the specific contributions of Chunghwa Telecom in 
connection with the SDGs to the global community.
As a result, our commitment to the ESG sustainability has won hordes of accolades from the stakeholders 
concerning sustainability in 2020.
1. Included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for 9 consecutive years
2. Awarded Top 5% of the Corporate Governance Evaluation from the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation for 
the 5th time
3. Included in the Taiwan Sustainability Index (TWSI)
4. Included in the FTSE4Good Emerging Index
5. Excellence in Corporate Social Responsibility Award from CommonWealth Magazine Top 10 in “Large 
Enterprises”
6. SGS Taiwan_CSR Supply Chain Management Excellence Award & Personal Information Management Awards
7. Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Awards including the Corporate Sustainability Report Awards (Services), 
The Most Prestigious Sustainability Awards – Top Ten Domestic Corporates, and 6 Outstanding Corporate 
Sustainability Professionals Awards
To align ourselves with the global trend of net-zero and in light of institutional investors incorporating the ESG 
performances of enterprises into their investment metrics, we proactively entered the market of green energy 
to develop green renewable energies such as solar power and wind power, installing over 450 project sites 
nationwide that generate power over 270 MW in total. In addition, we fully implemented sustainable supply 
chain management, joined the CDP supply chain program, and set the inventories of carbon management in 
motion throughout the supply chain. Also, we practice the “Sustainable Partner Certification” system, construct 
the “low-carbon sustainable supply chain” to march towards a sustainable tomorrow of lower carbon emissions 
with our vast number of partners on the supply chain, while elevating the sustainability for the ICT supply chain 
and the society.
“Chunghwa Telecom can do more.” Looking forward, we shall continue to take one step at a time, striding 
steadfastly towards the corporate sustainability and pushing for various ESG actions on the ground. Meanwhile, 
utilizing our core expertise in ICT , technologies, resources, competences, and features, we efficiently help 
resolve social issues, exercise our commitment as a corporate citizen, and create values for stakeholders across 
fields. As such, we aspire to fulfil our visions in corporate development – Leader in Smart Living and Agent of 
Digital Economy Empowerment – while expecting your continuous supports and encouragements to Chunghwa 
Telecom.
Chairman & CEO
Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd.
Welcome to the 2020 ESG Report of Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd.
The year 2020 marked a year of challenges worldwide. Under the threat of COVID-19, we managed to promote 
the transition strategy with “customers at the core” to continue explore markets in depth while develop various 
technological applications in telecommunication. Meanwhile, we set our eyes on corporate’s sustainability 
strategy. Upholding the brand spirit of “Always Ahead”, we established five pillars of sustainability, “The Digital 
Economy Motivator, The Creative Industry Pilot, The Happiness Value Protector, The Green Corporation Pioneer, 
and The Social Value Guide”. Leveraging constantly our advantages in ICT industry and technology, we stipulated 
and implement various ESG action plans and targets. Together with enterprises in Taiwan, we created the industrial 
ecosphere to jointly realize the Sustainable Development Goals and create positive social impacts.
In 2020, we launched the 5G services on June 30 as the first among our peers to bridge ourselves to the world 
with our extraordinary technology. Upholding the dual-axis strategy “5G+Transformation”, we connected 
extensively with industrial ecospheres at home and abroad, integrating and expanding vertically fields of 
application across industries. With the widest bandwidth and the best frequency bands, we are committed to the 
development of 5G+AIoT innovative applied technologies, “Showcasing the Splendor, Co-creating the Future” 
with our customers so as to accelerate the intelligent transition and upgrade for industries in Taiwan and lead 
the enterprises in Taiwan into a sustainable, innovative future.
To better bridge our competency in digital economy, we continued to promote 
“Rise On, Together 2021” transformation plan. Putting the business 
philosophy “customers at the core” into action, we established the “data-
driven” decision-making model to drive our core business performances, 
kick off new businesses, invest continually in technology R&D, recruit 
and cultivate brilliant minds and elites in order to set the keystone for our 
sustainable operation.
In 2020, we stipulated Preparedness and Contingency Plan in Response 
to “Severe Special Infectious Pneumonia” to tackle the impacts 
of COVID-19 pandemic. Apart from the establishment of the 
epidemic prevention and response group and exercises 
carried out internally, we also initiated off-site working and 
split working (remote working included), while ensure the 
business continuity with full epidemic prevention supplies 
and thorough execution of various control measures so as to 
safeguard the health and safety of all employees.
In the meantime, we proactively utilized our ICT core 
competences to put “ICT epidemic prevention” to good 
use. Rapidly forming the “hi-tech epidemic prevention 
team”, we developed the innovative “monitoring and 
control system for epidemic prevention”. Tapping into our 
collective momentum, we swiftly responded to all kinds of 
needs for COVID-19 prevention, assisting the government 
in protecting Taiwan, containing the pandemic, and 
maintaining the health of citizenry and economic 
activities. Our results of hi-tech epidemic prevention effort 
were widely applauded.
Message from the Chairman
4 5
12• S&P Ratings: rated “AA” in foreign long-term rating
• Taiwan Ratings: rated twAAA / twA-1+ in domestic long-term/short-term Rating 
• Sports Activist Awards of Sports Administration, Ministry of Education
• The Asset ESG Corporate Awards Platinum Award
• “Brand of the Year” in the “2020-2021 World Branding Awards” Dec11Nov
• Red Hat, Inc._APAC Innovation Awards 2020
• 2020 Frost & Sullivan Best Practices 
Awards_“2020 Taiwan Cloud Infrastructure 
Service Provider of the Year”, “2020 Taiwan 
Mobile Service Provider of the Year”, and 
“2020 Taiwan Data Center Service Provider 
of the Year”• Silver Prize and Bronze Prize of the 2020 
PwC’s CSR Impact Awards
• 8 prizes of the Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Awards, including the Corporate 
Sustainability Report Award (Services), The Most Prestigious Sustainability Awards – 
Top Ten Domestic Corporates, and Outstanding Corporate Sustainability Professionals 
Awards: the Growth through Innovation Award, Information Security Award, Supply 
Chain Management Award, People Development Award, Social Inclusion Award, and  
Climate Leadership Award• Best Smart Customer Service System 
Application and Best Enterprise in 
Service Innovation from the 2020  
Customer Service Excellence Awards 
(CSEA) of TCCDA
• The first telecom operator in the world to 
pass “TCFD Conformity Check” by BSI
2020 ESG Milestones
2• “Intelligent Community of the Year” from Intelligent Community Forum
• “Voice Assistance APP” for the Visually Impaired shortlisted in GSMA 
GLOMO AwardsFeb
8• Epidemic Prevention Medal from the Executive Yuan
• 2020 Smart City Outstanding Contribution Award -  
Smart Health from Taiwan Smart City Association Aug
10• SGS Taiwan_ Personal Information Management Awards
• National Communications Comissions_The first telecom 
service provider certified with NCC IS2051 and PLMN12 TAFOct5• Awarded Top 5% of the Corporate Governance Evaluation from 
the Taiwan Stock Exchange CorporationMay
9• Smart Agricultural Service awarded with “2020 Smart City 
Innovative Application Award” from Taipei Computer Association
• Inclusion in the Emerging Market Index of DJSISep
• Excellence in Corporate Social 
Responsibility Award from 
CommonWealth Magazine Top 
10 in “Large Enterprises”• SGS-Taiwan_ CSR Supply Chain 
Management Excellence Award
6 7
The national team of epidemic prevention of CHT supported the disadvantaged and demonstrated its social 
care while put its ICT advantages to good use, applying various advanced ICT in the works of epidemic 
prevention. Through a systematic application, we facilitated the government to accomplish tasks in the most 
timely, accurate, thorough manner in epidemic prevention efforts. As such, CHT was further recognized as the 
“champion in technology for the national team of epidemic prevention” by President Tsai.
To reduce the risk of contact for customers over the counter, we provided the free customer service hotline 
24/7, developed an Interactive Voice Response (IVR) System, as well as multiple self-service channels like 
online/SMS/Internet customer services and application, so that consumers could engage telecommunication 
businesses at home and at ease.
In addition, in light of the delayed school opening for epidemic prevention, “ibobby smart voice service” of 
Chunghwa Telecom offered services like storytelling and music and became a quality AI assistant to parents 
during the pandemic period. Aside from utilization of voice service to keep children company and receiving 
the latest information on epidemic prevention, it was linked with “Pick Me Up” service to learn about the ETA 
of parents to school accurately to reduce the risks of cross infection in student pick up.
Our featured corporate services of “meeting, working, and access to corporate networks at ease even away 
from the office” that offered services for Business, Amazon Chime, Amazon WorkSpaces solution, and SSL VPN 
remote secure access service, along with rigorous cybersecurity monitoring, assisted businesses to operate as 
usual while reducing the operating costs during the epidemic.General Consumers
Corporate ClientsCustomers2020 Material Issue – 
COVID-19 Prevention Measures
During the Lunar New Year of 2020, the COVID-19 epidemic broke out worldwide. Either enterprises or 
individuals had suffered severe impact. As a local leading enterprise, under the stewardship of our Chairman, 
we “deployed preemptively” and “improved on a rolling basis” comprehensively. Hence, we urgently 
assembled the elite teams, return to work from holidays early, established the Command Center, joined the 
national team of epidemic prevention, and stipulated CHT Preparedness and Contingency Plan in Response to 
COVID-19 as the “overall solution” for epidemic prevention response.
In response to the COVID-19 epidemic, with the internal epidemic prevention plan formulated, we 
promulgated “epidemic prevention measures for different levels of epidemic situations”, issued “requirement 
for all personnel to have temperature checkup and sanitation with alcohol sanitizer before entering the 
facilities”, conducted “random inspection of epidemic prevention measures”, “tracking and caring for the 
personnel that are listed as identified contacts”, “preparation of epidemic prevention promotion materials”, 
and enacted Ten Epidemic Prevention Measures as follows.
Caring Case –Diamond Princess
During the epidemic, Personnel A and their families went for a tour onboard Diamond Princess Cruise 
Ship and was subject to the quarantine measures on the seas demanded by the Japanese Government. 
Nevertheless, it was full of stress in the quarantine period. Therefore, CHT cared for the personnel in a 
proactive, friendly, and swift manner to ease the mind of the personnel.
Afterwards, CHT made sure that Personnel A arrived at Taiwan via the chartered plane safe and sound 
before going to the collective quarantine facility for another rigorous quarantine for 14 days. The support 
team continued to provide care in the duration. As a result, Personnel A returned to work smoothly upon 
the expiration of the quarantine period at the collective quarantine facility. 2/5
2/7  
 
 
2/10  
 
2/21The health authority of Japan demanded a 14-day quarantine on the sea for Diamond Princess.
The direct supervisor of Personnel A reported that Personnel A was onboard the cruise ship with 
their children and worried about the impact of quarantine to the work and the leave arrangement. 
CHT responded promptly on the same day that leave for statutory reasons was granted besides the 
original leave for the trip to ease the mind of Personnel A.
 In response to the worsening development of the epidemic onboard the ship, the unit of Personnel A, 
the HR Department, and the Occupational Safety Department created a caring team on LINE to care 
for the personnel at all times.
Personnel finally took the chartered flight back to Taiwan upon receiving the certificate of negative 
test result from Japan.Employees
CHT Ten Epidemic Prevention Measures
8 9
• The telecom rates of the businesses and schools impacted by the epidemic were lowered moderately to 
reduce the burdens thereto, while 10,000 Prepaid SIM Cards were provided to especially economically-
disadvantaged students, free of charge.
• In support of the “name-based mask distribution” policy, 5 million “free SMS messages” and “e-mail” 
services were offered respectively.
• The hotels with MOD services were exempted from 3 months of service fees in line with the epidemic 
prevention promotion of the government with up to 8 million person-times reached.
• 500 personnel were mobilized to support Taiwan CDC toll-free hotline 1922 and NIA’s Foreigners In 
Taiwan Hotline with up to over 425 individuals allocated in a day.
• A home quarantine caring team was formed in support to the Ministry of Health and Welfare (MOHW) 
to provide accurate epidemic prevention knowledge and learn about the health condition of the public 
in real-time. 
• The number of calls to Taiwan CDC toll-free hotline 1922 in 2020 were up to 1.82 million. The average 
response rate is 86%, exceeding the goal of 80%. The number of calls served by NIA’s Foreigners 
Hotline were 340,000.• Pursuant to the policy of “name-based mask distribution system”, the 6,245 circuits of the NHS pharmacies 
nationwide were incorporated for real-time monitoring.
• The signals and covered facilities nearby the designated isolation hospitals for communicable diseases 
were boosted to ensure a good quality of the mobile signals.
• Dedicated lines, MOD, Wi-Fi equipment, and mobile base stations were added to enhance the 
communication quality in the quarantine areas.Guaranty of telecommunication quality for epidemic prevention
Discounts for telecom service fees
Support to “CDC’s Consultation Hotline 1922” 
and NIA’s 0800 Foreigners HotlineSociety
We actively partook in the focused works of government’s epidemic prevention effort, which could fall into the 
six categories as follows. None of them were in violation of laws pertaining to the personal information.
• Quarantine route estimation: the technology of big data analytics was utilized to estimate the key loci of 
the confirmed cases/individuals at high risks as well as the list of potentially exposed individuals for Taiwan 
CDC to follow up and send warning text messages in order to effectively reduce the risk of virus spread.
• Crowding hotspot warning: the information of crowding attraction hotspots throughout the country was 
available for the public and the police department’s reference.• We Self-developed “Epidemic Monitor and Management System”, through the address of the dedicated 
cellphone or home quarantined persons’  cellphone to determine if the quarantined individuals were staying 
at the designated locations.
• It integrated data of telecom operators for Taiwan CDC to learn about the whereabouts of individuals under 
home isolation/quarantine up to 160,000 persons.• The quarantine cellphone is issued to specific individuals subject to home isolation/quarantine in line with 
the Quarantine and Tracking for Entry demanded by Taiwan CDC.
• A total of 3,360 cellphone for emergency purposes were assembled, including 2,400 quarantine cellphones, 
200 cellphones for the police departments, and 760 cellphones for the civil administration and health 
department.Quarantine Cellphone
Use of Big data analyticsDevelopment and maintenance of
Epidemic Monitor and Management System
10 11
To link sustainability performance with compensation , Chunghwa 
Telecom implemented a soft incorporation of sustainable development 
strategies and targets into its review of compensation.
Annual review of the Company’s budget planning for carbon 
management strategies ; execution of action plans; setting 
performance targets.
Sustainability issues addressed by Chunghwa Telecom: social 
integration, digital inclusion, green ICT products & services, green 
brand management, and energy-saving & carbon reduction.The only  telecom operator to have a labor director  elected.For 2020, Chunghwa Telecom’s consolidated net income was NT$ 
207,600,000  thousand and its annual earnings per share was NT$ 4.31 .
Chunghwa Telecom established a CSR committee and six task forces  
responsible for the setting of sustainability policies.01
Corporate  
Overview
The SDGs CHT contributes to in this chapter
Corporate Governance
CSR Management18
26
12 1301Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
• Domestic fixed network service 
• Domestic leased line service 
• Internet and value-added service
• MOD (IPTV) service 
• International fixed network service
• Integrated service 
• Data security service 
• Mobile service 
• Data service 
• International service 
• Diversified integrated payment 
serviceSince 2006, Chunghwa Telecom upholds the service philosophy of “bridge the digital divide, implement 
environmental sustainability, and care for the disadvantaged”. Hence, the core technologies, resources, 
competencies, and features of the Company have been leveraged to implement the brand spirit of “Always 
Ahead” on the three fronts of Environmental, Social, and Governance. We demonstrate our determination in 
sustainable operation with our actions to fulfill our corporate social responsibility on all fronts. In recent years, 
our active efforts in ESG were constantly recognized by professional institutes at home and abroad.
Main businesses of branch offices and reinvestment companies: Please refer to P .15, 71 in the 2020 Annual Report.
Business Model Product and Services
• Mobile communication service 
• Wi-Fi service 
• International fixed network servicePersonal
market
Corporate
marketHousehold
marketMobile
phone
100
Mbps
Customer 
amountAnnual  
growth
11.298
million
1.756
million
3.621
million
3.584
millionAnnual
growth
6.1 %
Annual
growth
11 %
Broadband 
Customers
83.3 %
Market
share
NO.1
33.4 %
Customer amount/
Communication amountMarket 
share
Local network 9.897 million households 92.1%
Long haul Internet 1,640.7  million minutes 81.6%
Broadband access 4.348 million households 65.6%
MOD 2.069 million households 29.8%Domestic fixed 
network
Customer amount Market share
11.298 million households 36%43.5 %Mobile 
communication 
Customer amountMarket 
share
3.95 million households   62.5%15.5 % Internet
Communication amountMarket 
share
222.3 million minutes  50.9%4.2 %International 
fixed network 
3.4 % Others
Share of Revenue by ProductThree Telecom LawsChunghwa Telecom (TAIEX:2412, NYSE: CHT) is the largest integrated telecom carrier in Taiwan. The head 
office is located at 21-3, Section 1, Xinyi Road, Taipei with more than 455 locations in 22 counties and cities in 
Taiwan. Our major business include fixed and mobile communications, broadband access and the Internet. 
We also provide corporate customers with information and communication services, including big data, 
information security, cloud and Internet Data Center. We also offer innovative technology services, such as the 
IoT (Internet of Things) and AI (Artificial Intelligence), to create an outstanding communication environment 
and extraordinarily convenient digital life. We also have important business partnerships with other 
international telecom carriers.
We expect to start the organizational restructuring of our Enterprise Business in July 2021 and complete the customer-centric 
organizational structure in January 2022, strengthen the strategic functions of our headquarters, and restructure our eight business 
groups into three business groups and three technology groups.
Compensation 
CommitteeAuditAudit 
CommitteeSecretariat 
of BODCorporate 
Strategy 
CommitteeBoard of Directors /Chairman & CEO
PresidentShareholders’ Meeting
CFO
&
SEVPSEVP SEVPCISO & SEVP
MarketingSEVP
Corporate 
PlanningPresident 
of Business 
GroupPresident 
of Business 
GroupPresident of 
TLPresident 
of Business 
GroupPresident 
of Business 
GroupPresident 
of Business 
GroupPresident of 
TLPresident 
of Business 
Group
Accounting
- 
Finance Investment
- 
Public
AffairsHuman 
Resource
-
Administration
& Asset
-
Occupational 
Safety & Health
-
Legal Affairs
-
SupplyMarketing
-
Information 
Technology
-
Customer 
Service
-
Cyber 
Security
-
Big DataCorporate 
Planning
-
Network
-
Research 
& Planning 
Committee
-
Digital 
Convergence 
BusinessData  
Communi-  
cations  
Business  
GroupEnterprise 
Business 
GroupTelecom-
munication
LaboratoriesNorthern 
Taiwan 
Business 
Group
BranchesSouthern 
Taiwan 
Business 
Group
BranchesMobile 
Business 
Group
Taipei, 
Taichung, 
Kaohsiung 
BranchesTelecom-
munication
Training 
InstituteInternational 
Business 
Group
Overseas 
Representative
Offices
Allow investors  
to enjoy the 
business profit 
from a satisfied 
customer baseEnhance the 
operational 
efficiency of 
corporationsCreate a gateway 
to an enjoyable 
digital life for 
peopleFacilitate industry 
scale to expand in 
a good way with 
our contributionWe Strive toChunghwa Telecom Organization Chart
14 1501Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
UsersThe wave of digital convergence brings new values 
to the telecom industry and opportunities to meet 
users’ needs by offering innovative eICT services, 
which makes content providers and integrators, 
application service providers, network equipment 
suppliers and terminal equipment suppliers the 
important value partners to a telecom carrier in the 
development of digital convergence services.
Moving forward, Chunghwa Telecom shall continue to 
better itself in services of fixed network, mobile, data, 
and eICT while strengthening the partnership with 
its suppliers throughout the supply chain to form a 
closer industrial ecosphere to introduce more quality 
services.
Channel Marketers Terminal 
Equipment 
Suppliers
First  telecom carrier that has been 
certified with environmental standards 
“ISO 14046  Water footprint and ISO 
14067  Carbon footprint”
Obtained SGS Certificate  of Conformity 
for Code of Conduct (CoC) 
Independent director
percentage 38.5 %The only telecom operator to have  
a labor director  elected“5I SDGs”
first  initiative connecting 5I to the UN 
SDGs and DIGI+ in TaiwanThe first  telecom operator in the world 
to pass “ TCFD Conformity Check ”
Industry Value Chain and Critical Sustainability Performance
Due to technological advancements, boundaries 
of specialized markets that we used to know of are 
starting to shift, thus allowing industry participants 
to compete outside of their dominant markets. 
International Data Corporation has even combined 
ICT , e-Commerce, Electronics and Entertainment 
into a new segment called eICT to recognize the 
increasingly common cross-industry collaboration.
Application 
Service Providers 
Content Providers /  
Integration Service Providers
Network Equipment 
Suppliers
Software/ 
Data Security Service Provider 
System Integration 
Service Provider 
Environment
Society
GovernanceConsolidated revenue
NT$  207.6  billionCollective Agreement
coverage 99.26 % Contract capacity of photovoltaic 
system 2,783.665  kWp
16 1701Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
All Chunghwa Telecom directors are nominated by the Board of Directors and shareholders holding the 
legally required percentage of shares, they are then subsequently appointed by the Board of Directors. 
The Compensation Committee has implemented a soft incorporation of sustainable development 
strategies and targets into its review of director compensation in accordance with the Company’s Articles 
of Incorporation so as to achieve the following: (1) evaluation of required core competencies in order 
to facilitate the connection between director performance and the Company’s sustainability outlook 
and short, medium, and long-term strategies and targets, (2) strengthening accountability and linking 
performance with compensation, recruitment and retention to attract key talent on the Board of Directors. 
The implementation of this measure coupled with the substantial effect of the variable compensation plan 
is a win-win for the Company and its directors.Board Diversity Policy
Chunghwa Telecom implements diversity in the Board of Directors and recruits talents primarily 
based on skill sets. Selection of directors is not limited to any particular gender, age, nationality, 
culture or ethnicity. Directors are expected to have outstanding quality, industry experience and 
expertise to complement the Board.
Linking Compensation to Sustainability Performance
Director compensation: Please refer to P .30-33 of the Company’s 2020 annual report.Consists of all the independent directors, whose main duties are to 
hire or dismiss the CPA, determine the CPA compensation, review 
and discuss quarterly, semiannual, and annual financial reports, the 
adoption of or amendments to the internal control system and the 
assessment of the effectiveness of the internal control system.Audit
Committee
Consists of 8 board members, who are responsible for mid to long-
term development plans and other critical issues, as well as major 
investment and mergers and acquisitions, major reorganization of 
the Company, applications or returns of business licenses, annual 
operating plans and budget compilations and revisions, capital 
increases or decreases, and other major strategic decisions. The 
resolutions are submitted to the BoD for final approval.Corporate Strategy 
Committee
Consists of three independent directors, who are responsible for 
the evaluation of the performance of directors and managers, and 
for determination of appropriate compensation policies, system 
standards and structures. Also, the compensations of directors and 
managers are evaluated and stipulated on a regular basis.Compensation 
Committee
Corporate Governance
Chunghwa Telecom Board of Directors is the highest governing body. The Board of Directors is responsible 
for appointing and nominating high-level managers, as well as formulating and reviewing corporate social 
responsibility, and sustainable development strategies. The 9th Board has 13 directors. To date, there are 1 
female and 12 male directors, including 5 independent directors. Directors’ tenure is three years (June 21, 
2019 to June 20, 2022). All of the independent directors are included in the Audit Committee to ensure the 
independence of governance and the perspectives of the stakeholders.
To meet the needs of Chunghwa Telecom’s business development, the Board of Directors of Chunghwa 
Telecom shall comprise experts and scholars in the industries as well as in the fields of finance and accounting, 
management, etc.; the members on the Board of Directors shall include one or more talent in the fields of 
innovation capacity, business experience, legal expertise, and ICT , respectively. In addition, gender equality in 
the composition of the Board of Directors is highlighted. A goal of 20% female seats on the Board of Directors 
in 5 years has been stipulated.
Chunghwa Telecom’s outside directors (including independent directors) provide expertise based on their 
respective areas of practice and professionalism to assist the Board of Directors in making decisions as to 
benefit the Company and the shareholders. To prevent personal liability and financial losses due to third-
party litigation, we have purchased indemnity insurance for Directors.
To ensure an effective operation of sustainable management, apart from the key performance indicators listed 
for the Company, departments, and individuals, we also incorporate items pertaining to the CSR development 
trends, including innovative development, risk management, code of conducts, information/cybersecurity, 
climate change, stakeholder engagement/inventory, and social participation, in Directions Governing 
Performances of Senior Managers of Chunghwa Telecom.
Experiences of the Directors:
Please refer to the 2020 Annual Report on P .18-19
Continuing Education of the Board of Directors:
Please refer to the 2020 Annual Report on P .72-74˙
˙ Chunghwa Telecom 2020 Annual Report
30-50 Years Old
Above 51 Years Old2
101
0CHT Board of Directors
Unit: person
18 1901Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Shareholder Structure of Chunghwa TelecomPerformance Evaluation for the Board of Directors
To implement corporate governance and enhance the functions of the Board of Directors, performance 
objectives are set forth to improve the operation of the Board of Directors. In 2019, at the 2nd meeting of 
the 9th Board of Directors the Company adopted the Regulations Governing the Performance Evaluation 
of the Board of Directors of Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd. that details rigidly the cycle, period and scope 
of the performance evaluation of the Board of Directors as well as the evaluation procedures, evaluation 
indexes, scoring criteria, and other matters of compliance. The self-evaluation for the Directors on the 
Board as well as the self-evaluation on the performance of functional committees is conducted on an 
annual basis, while the performance evaluation by external, independent, professional institutions or 
external teams of experts and scholars is carried out once every 3 years.
Foreign
Institutions and 
Individuals
Shareholding ratio
16.22%Government
Shareholding ratio
40.23%
Financial 
Institutions
Shareholding ratio
18.13%Other Legal 
Entites
Shareholding ratio
8.19%Individual
Shareholding ratio
17.23%Date of data: 2020/7/4 
(the most recent book closure date)Shareholder
Structure of
Chunghwa TelecomRegulations Governing the Performance Evaluation of the Board of Directors of Chunghwa Telecom
Results of the 2020 Performance EvaluationAvoidance of Conflict of Interest
Protection of Shareholders’ InterestsChunghwa Telecom’s Chairman is concurrently the CEO. The election of directors comply with relevant laws 
and regulations, which suggests the directors are nominated by the Board and shareholders who meet the 
statutory shareholding requirements, and the announcement of director nomination and nomination process 
are conducted in accordance with the statutory procedures. In order to avoid conflicts of interest in the highest 
governance body, we conduct strict controls in accordance with the following procedures, including:
Chunghwa Telecom has made changes and revisions to several systems and measures based on a corporate 
governance mindset. These include e-voting, voting by poll and the disclosure of meeting resolutions made on 
the Company official website. These diverse voting channels allow shareholders to exercise their rights easily 
and this has made corporate governance more effectively.Due to the directors’ high ethical standards and self-discipline, and under the operation of the mechanism, no 
conflict of interest has occurred since the Board of Directors was established. Moreover, the Board has adopted 
a total of 50 articles of “Code of Corporate Governance for Chunghwa Telecom,” while all departments are 
required to implement the Code of Conduct, and the Secretariat of the BoD also evaluates on a regular basis.• All the new directors shall sign the Consent to act as a director, and to comply with Article 23 of the 
Company Act, to exercise the due care of a good administrator in conducting the business operation of the 
Company.
• All directors have to sign the Declaration stating that they are aware of the recusal of the exercise of voting 
rights under Article 206 of the Company Act and the legal effect of any violation.
20 2101Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Chunghwa Telecom builds a systematic and organized corporate governance structure to ensure that climate 
change related challenges are incorporated into the Company’s annual strategy in real time and that relevant 
projects are implemented.
The chairperson and vice-chairperson of the CSR Committee are the Company’s Chairman and President 
respectively, who both are also members of the Board of Directors of CHT . As the chairperson for Chunghwa 
Telecom s Risk Management Committee, the President can further manage the risks and opportunities related 
to climate change thanks to the overlapped responsibilities and familiarity thereof, so as to ensure that 
climate change-related issues are discussed and reviewed at the annual CSR Committee, while supervise and 
manage the routine operation via the existing internal control and risk management process and report to the 
Board of Directors.
Recognizing the importance of climate change issues, CHT started to promote the Directions Governing the 
Performance of Senior Managers in 2018, incorporating Corporate Social Responsibility and Climate Change 
flexibly in the indicators for performance evaluation of the Directors and senior managers that are hooked 
with the compensations respectively.Climate Risk Management
The Supervisory Responsibility of the Board of Directors
The CSR committee conducts annual review of the Company s carbon management strategies, and appropriate 
budget implementation action plans, and sets related performance targets to ensure the incorporation of 
climate-related strategies in departments annual business operations. The related management mechanisms 
include:
The Environmental Sustainability Task Force is established under the Chunghwa Telecom CSR Committee to 
evaluate climate-related risks and opportunities via the Company’s risk management procedures, which is 
carried out in accordance with the long-term strategies set by the Board of Directors, the needs of international 
investors, rating agencies, and stakeholders, and to faithfully implement various solutions.• Target Setting: Setting the targets for Chunghwa Telecom greenhouse gas management and carbon 
reduction.
• Strategic Planning: Planning for energy efficiency enhancement projects and product/service of carbon 
intensity reduction strategies and action plans.
• Solutions: Oversight and proposal of innovative solutions, including innovative ICT technologies & services 
and the reduction of CO 2 emissions within the Company and the industry.The Role of Management
1. *Operating costs and expenses included
2. Retained economic value = revenues – operating costs - operating expenses – income tax paid Chunghwa Telecom business operations have 
been stable for years. Profitability and financial 
completeness have been uninterrupted. We pay our 
taxes honestly year after year, following the law, and 
make solid contributions to the country. Despite 
the existence of many challenges in the telecom 
operation environment, we maintain complete focus 
on our field and create value for the shareholders. 
Chunghwa Telecom generated consolidated revenues 
totaling NT$207.6 billion in 2020.
Owing to the impact by replacement and competition 
from free messaging apps and VoIP technology, the 
revenue from voice service tumbled; ICT projects 
were completed as scheduled in line with the quality 
requirement, which benefited the revenues from 
tender projects. The overall revenue in 2020 was flat 
compared to that of 2019. Net income attributable 
to the parent company amounted to NT$33.4 billion 
while EPS reached NT$4.31 in 2020.
In 2020, Chunghwa Telecom income tax was the equivalent of an effective tax rate of 18.97%. The deviation 
from statutory 20% tax rate was mainly attributed to the provisions of Article 42 of Income Tax Act, in that net 
dividends or net earnings recognized from local invested businesses are exempt from income tax. In addition, 
the application can also be made for tax preference pursuant to Article 10 of the Statute for Industrial 
Innovation as well.Creating Value for Shareholders
Economic Performances
Total number of 
employees in the 
Company including 
subsidiaries
32,318  persons
Unit: NT$ MillionPaid-up capital
Revenues
Operating cost
Operating expenses
Employee salaries and benefits *
Dividends paid to shareholders
Income tax paid
Expenses of social investment/donations
Retained economic value *77,574
207,609
137,029
29,814
44,963
32,783
7,852
1,077
131
22 2301Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
To improve the quality of business marketing and consumers’ trust, we have formulated the “Business 
Marketing Standards” to ensure the execution of business aligns with the requirements of the competent 
authority, while including compliance status into the evaluation of higher management’s performance. 
Committed to compliance with relevant regulations, there was zero case fined by the Fair Trade Commission 
in 2020.
We willingly comply with the principles of The UN Global Compact and respect and uphold all basic human 
rights recognized in the world. We refrain from any disregard or neglect of such rights. In terms of employment 
practice, we protect the right of workers to freedom of association, while recognizing and supporting their 
rights to also negotiate with the employer. We are dedicated to eliminating all forms of illegal labor and 
discrimination.
Chunghwa Telecom has publicly disclosed its human rights policy and emphasizes the importance of such 
issues. It has a system in place to address violations and will continue with human rights protection as part 
of corporate policy. The Company openly states a respect for human rights and reviews human rights issues 
on a yearly basis. The Company keeps detailed records of internal findings concerning human rights policy, 
including child labor, the rights of indigenous peoples, and supplier human rights assessment. Current 
practices are audited regularly and the findings are used for review and correction by relevant departments. 
Chunghwa Telecom Training Institute organizes human rights-related courses on a yearly basis and whenever 
there is a change in labor regulations and policies. 3 courses were held in 2020. The course hours were 63,609 
in total with 21,203 person-times enrolled.Strengthen Business Management
Supporting Global CSR Initiatives and Guidelines
Chunghwa Telecom Human Rights Policy
We have set up the Code of Ethics of Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd. Ethical 
Corporate Management Best Practice Principle, and Procedures for 
Ethical Management and Guidelines for Conduct. These are formulated 
as basic ethical guidelines to ensure that all employees engage in 
all activities with the highest standard. In addition to these codes 
being included in the training program for new hires, all employees 
are required to log into the web, review the material and take a test 
annually. All employees participated in the test in 2020 except for those 
who were not available for a legitimate reason at the time of the test. 
Meanwhile, to implement “Code of Conduct” in Chunghwa Telecom, we 
also passed the rigorous check procedures of SGS-Taiwan and obtained 
Certificate of Conformity for Code of Conduct (CoC) from the external 
third party.
Chunghwa Telecom has prepared the Employee Appraisal Guidelines and Employee Reward/Disciplinary 
Standards for the evaluation of performance. Rewards and sanctions are applied according to these rules 
whenever employees exhibit conduct deserving of them. Information such as a grievance hotline has been 
made available on the Chunghwa Telecom intranet/employee portal. A total of 43 internal complaint cases 
(disciplinary and leak investigations) were accepted in 2020, 43 of which are closed and 0 of which are still 
under investigation; 4 were associated with violation of the code of conduct. (Relevant cases were lower by 
78% compared to those in the previous year.) All complaints were investigated and handled according to 
company internal policies and principles, and taught as case studies to strengthen employee esteem for the 
rules, discipline, corporate image, and shareholders’ interests.
The corporate governance of Chunghwa Telecom places great emphasis on integrity, accountability, and 
trustworthiness. We are committed to reducing information asymmetry between the management and 
external stakeholders, and utilize a variety of means such as the corporate website, a Market Observation Post 
System, Annual Reports, CSR Reports, press conferences and investor conferences to facilitate transparent 
communication with stakeholders. Furthermore, measures have been taken to ensure the timeliness, quality, 
balance, and credibility of the information disclosed. In the 6th Corporate Governance Evaluation, we were 
recognized as the top 5% for the fifth time as well as the top 10% in “The electronics industry with a market 
value of 10 billion TWD or more” of the TWSE- and TPEX-listed companies in the Evaluation!The internal audit helps the Board and managers to check the effectiveness of the internal control systems 
and operations. It is located under the Board and conducts business audits in accordance with the regulations 
and policies. The annual audit plan is formulated based on the results of the risk assessment made at the end 
of every year. After the approval of the Board, the plan is sent to the competent authorities via the Internet 
information system for their reference.Prevention of Corruption
The Internal Audit System
Transparent Information DisclosureHighest Moral Standard
Chunghwa Telecom Anti-Corruption Policy
Organization and functioning of Chunghwa Telecom ’s internal audit unit
24 2501Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
The CSR CommitteeThe “Chunghwa Telecom CSR Committee” was established for expanding 
sustainable benefits of our core competence and implementing CSR vision as a 
starting point to promote the sustainable development of the industry and society.
Item Description
Representative Chi-Mau Sheih, Chairman
MechanismCSR Committee is responsible for coordinating each plan and supervising the progress of the policies approved by the 
Board of Directors. It also periodically reports the relevant issues and the results of communicating with stakeholders 
to the Board. The Board is in charge of the final performance evaluation every year.
Execution• The Public Affairs Department is designated as CSR Secretariat.
• The CSR Secretariat is responsible for relative policies and action planning. It is also in charge of budgeting, 
educational training, and management of follow-ups and awards measures.
• The six groups, branches and affiliates are responsible for promotions and implementation of related projects.
• The results of the quarterly stakeholder engagement are incorporated into the materials for the Board.
Meeting 
FrequencyEvery Half Year
Report Approval Reports are submitted to the Chairman for final approval after the managements ’ (SEVP) review.
Execution Results  
in 2020Policy, Organizational Structure and Management Guidelines Governing the Corporate Social Responsibility of 
Chunghwa Telecom was approved and submitted for adoption in the resolution of the 8th session of the 9th Board of 
Directors to implement its CSR practices.
Corporate 
Governance 
GroupConsumer
Care  
GroupDigital 
Opportunities 
GroupEmployee
Care  
GroupEnvironmental 
Sustainability 
GroupCorporate 
Volunteer
GroupCSR SecretariatChairperson: Chairman of the Board/Vice Chairperson: President
Chunghwa Telecom 
Foundation CEOHead Office 
Executive SEVPsMain Department 
Directors
The initiative integrated with a performance evaluation that helps to translate the concept of sustainability 
into actions and is practiced in routine operations.CSR Management
We launched a CSR management system in 2006, and established the CSR Committee to stipulate sustainable 
policies. We also established six CSR working groups, using a top-down approach to achieve sustainable 
action in environment, society and governance respectively, to implement “Always Ahead” brand inspirit. The 
Chunghwa Telecom sustainable development strategy utilizes the competence and unique resources of the 
Company to implement sustainable action with the focus on such matters as “Create social harmony, Digital 
inclusion, Green ICT products and services, Green brand management and Energy conservation and carbon 
reduction.”
Internalization and Communication of CSR
To ensure that all employees understand the spirit of CSR, we have established diverse channels for 
communications and education of related topics. 
Channel Item Item Channel Item Item
Communication 
within Senior 
ManagementSenior management meetingMaterial CSR issues are discussed in the senior management meeting annually, 
and the resolution indicates our improvement and direction.
Annual EvaluationAdministrative sustainability 
performanceWe set energy reduction targets and link the results with employees’  
performance bonuses.
Employee  
ForumChunghwa Telecom
online forumWe have an intra-site for employees to share opinions with the Company and 
make suggestions. We will discuss the issues of concern with the employees 
and resolve them timely.Online test on CoCAll our employees are required to take the “Chunghwa Telecom Code of 
Business Conduct Test” each year.
Employee  
TrainingEnvironmental trainingWe provide at least 4 hours of training every year as well as educational 
ecological tours that instill a spirit of environmental sustainability.Reporting mechanismOnce an employee is found to violate corporate regulations, it will affect  
his/her performance bonuses.
CSR trainingWe provide CSR related education every year, and invite external consultants 
to run seminars and courses in accordance with international trends.
OthersCSR Report workshop Internal training on new ways of preparing reports is held from time to time.
New employee trainingNew employees undergo digital pre-service training that includes the 
personnel system, working guidelines, and labor relations. The Labor 
Standards Act is explained in detail with respect to labor-management 
coordination and the handling of disputes.Official website  
and social mediaTo coordinate with modern stakeholders’ communication pattern, we 
established dedicated CSR multimedia webpages on the official website, 
YouTube channel and a Facebook fan page as ways of communicating with our 
stakeholders.
e-Learning We post relevant training courses and information on the e-Learning system 
that can be downloaded and studied freely by the employees.Corporate Social Responsibility Best-Practice Principles for Chunghwa Telecom Co., LtdChunghwaTelecom’s CSR Vision
1. Facilitate positive business evolution through 
mobile, broadband, value-added and ICT 
integration services. 
2. Develop emerging service opportunities such 
as Cloud and IoT (Internet of Things); work with 
partners to generate best strategies. 
3. Continue to strengthen the applications of Internet 
facilities and information technologies to support 
business transformation and growth. 4. Strengthen resource utilization and management 
mechanism to improve the efficiency of resources. 
5. Develop overseas ICT market to explore new 
opportunities. 
6. Sharpen the unique advantage of the subsidiaries 
to enhance the Company’s competitiveness. 
7. Infuse telecom expertise into corporate social 
responsibility issues to implement the Company’s 
commitment to corporate citizenship.Innovation
Excellence
Sensation
ReliabilityCorporate  
Mission
Minimizing  
the digital divide
Implement 
environmental protection
Caring for the vulnerableSocial  
Contribution
Trust
Responsibility
Sharing
GrowthTeam  
Culture
Active caring  
Always aroundCustomer  
Relations
26 2701Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Five Major Forces - “The Digital Economy Motivator, The Creative 
Industry Pilot, The Happiness Value Protector, The Green Corporation 
Pioneer, and The Social Value Guide”
Vision- “Digital economy transformation, Industrial innovation, Talent 
startup, Happy corporation, Considerate services, Transform into green 
corporation thoroughly, and Connect•Hope•Technology”Six Main Capitals - “Financial Capital, Human Resource Capital, 
Intelligence Capital, Manufacturing Capital, Social Capital and 
Nature Capital”
The result of our CSR input has been the creation of profit in corporate operation and a 
maximization of shareholder value. Our shareholder structure allows us to carry on a broad 
citizen responsibility. Our position in the ICT industry and the innovative products and 
services we provide give us the opportunity to use technology and innovation to control 
the risks and grasp opportunities. Our innovative products and services have a positive 
economic influence on the value chain, create sustainable value for the industry and the 
public and greatly minimize the negative impact on the environment.
02
Sustainability
Value Strategy
Six Main Capitals -  
Create Sustainability Value 
Five Major Forces -  
Drive the Sustainable Cycle 
Creating Sustainable Value30
30
32The SDGs CHT contributes to in this chapter
28 29
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
We utilize our ICT corporate core competence and integrate with CSR to establish 
the five main forces, “The Digital Economy Motivator, The Creative Industry Pilot, 
The Happiness Value Protector, The Green Corporation Pioneer, and The Social 
Value Guide.” We think that the input in these five main fields will help accomplish 
a society with digital inclusion and the future of sustainability development.
The Digital Economy Motivator
Vision
StrategyDigital economy transformation
• Becoming the 5G telecom leading brand
• Stimulating innovative application and creating new business models
The Creative Industry Pilot
Vision
StrategyIndustry innovation & Talent Startup
• Investing and fostering startup business
• Encouraging innovation and start-up internally
The Green Corporation Pioneer
Vision
StrategyTransforming into a green corporation thoroughly
• 5G(Green) green action
• Constructing a green and low-carbon supply chain
The Social Value Guide
Vision
StrategyConnect•Hope•Technology
• 5I SDGs digital inclusion initiative
• Corporate volunteering services
The Happiness Value Protector
Vision
StrategyHappy corporation & Considerate services
• Establish a healthy and happy workplace
• Protect cyber and labor human rights
• Provide excellent innovative services
• Share capital 77,574,465  thousand
• Capital expenditures 23,510,820  thousandFinancial Capital
• Salary and welfare expenses 44,963,207  thousand
• Training expenses 493,000  thousandHuman Resource Capital
• R&D expenses 3,849,999  thousand
• Marketing expenses 20,912,848  thousandIntelligence Capital
• Equipment installation and maintenance 
expenses 26,838,242  thousand
• Cell tower installation expenses 7,997,131  
thousandManufacturing Capital
• Social investment  1,076,692  thousand
• Universal telecom services 491,271 thousandSocial Capital
• Green procurement  904,204  thousand
• Environmental management expenses  
329,126  thousandNature CapitalCreate 
Sustainability
Value Six Main
CapitalsDrive
the Sustainable 
CycleFive Major
Forces
30 31
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
The green 
procurement
9The
renewable
energy
 (green energy) 
procurement
10.4The innovative 
research and 
development
38.5
Environmental 
management cost-
general waste 
processing
-
Environmental 
management cost-
domestic water 
resource management 
(3.3)The
corporate
volunteer
service 
0.01Social 
investment
10.8Telecommunications 
universal
service
4.9Total
2,146.4Unit:100 million
Positive economy - Social ValueNegative 
Environmental 
Reduction ValueWe have used a “True Value” method of calculation. Positive (+) and negative (-) currency values have been 
assigned in an assessment of our influence on society and environment. This gives a sound idea of the real 
environmental and social value (profit and cost) of our sustainability efforts in 2020. The economic, social and 
environmental currency value CHT created on operation has also been blended in. The true value CHT creates 
in 2020 is NT$214.64 billion.
Shareholders
/ Investors
• EPS NT$ 4.31
• Consolidated revenue NT$ 207.6  billion
• Selected for the Emerging Index of the Dow 
Jones Sustainability Index for the 9th timeClients 
/ Costumers
• We have more than 50 thousand 
public Wi-Fi hotspots
• The customer satisfaction score 
is 7.77  (10-point system)
• The customer hotline service 
satisfaction score is 4.75 (5-point 
system)
Communities
 / NPOs
• We provide the disadvantaged groups’  
communication for  77,398  households
• The subsidy amount is NT$ 195,855  
thousand
• Coverage rate of the 12Mbps universal 
broadband service is over  97.58 %
• The voice assistant App for the blind 
has been viewed over 2 million times 
since 2013
• The location of digital good neighbor 
has accumulated to  89 places
• The total service hours of the corporate 
volunteer service are 16,970  hours
Supply Chain 
Partners 
•  16 certified Gold-tier 
sustainable partners
• The local procurement 
percentage takes up  80% of 
the total procurement
• The green procurement 
amount is NT$ 904  million
Employees
• Employee salary and benefits are NT$ 
44,963  million
• The average training hours per person 
are 50 hours
• The total training cost is NT$ 493,000 
thousand
• The occupational injury rate per 
thousand workers is 1.58  for men and 
0.33  for women
• We have 733 employees with disabilities 
(the legal amount is 210 people)
•  48 abor iginal employees 
• The employee engagement score is  90 
(out of 100)
Source of true value calculation for corporate volunteer service
Source of true value calculation for Telecom universal service： 
Research conclusion, Journal of China Institute of Technology Vol.40-2009.06 Consolidated 
revenue
2,076.1
Financial
ValueCreating Sustainable Value
Our CSR issues and actions have created sound economic, environmental and social value since 2006. 
Although we have made serious efforts to adapt quantized data when setting-up and managing CSR plans, 
targets and performance, we have come to realize the difficulty of quantizing environmental and social values. 
There is still lots of true value that cannot be realized with the currency presently used as evaluation indicators 
of CSR performance.
Corporate 
EndStakeholder 
End
Drive the 
Sustainable
CycleFive Major
Forces 
Create 
Sustainability
ValueSix Main
Capitals
Financial 
Capital
Intelligence 
Capital
Social CapitalManufacturing 
Capital
Nature CapitalHuman 
Resource 
Capital
The Motivator of the Digital Economy
The Social Value GuideThe Pilot of Creative Industry
The Green Corporation PioneerThe Happiness Value Protector
32 33
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
We have a set of procedures in place to identify, engage, interact, and 
communicate with stakeholders through various channels based on 
the Stakeholder Engagement Standard (AA 1000SES:2015) .The annual material topics are determined through the following 
process: internal feedback, external questionnaires, topic identification 
by the CSR Secretariat, topic analysis by the six CSR task forces, 
ranking the topics, and finally, confirming the results.
We intend to provide all stakeholders concerning the future of Chunghwa Telecom as well 
as the telecom industry with a more comprehensive understanding of how Chunghwa 
Telecom has exerted its industry influence on CSR topics. This purpose has improved the 
quality of our actions and disclosures.03
Material Topics 
and Impacts
2020 Material Topics and Impact
Stakeholders Engagement36
40
34 35
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Fair and equal  
labor-management 
relations and 
employee 
engagement
-
Health and safety
-
Corporate governance
Public policy 
participationInnovative ICT products 
and services
-
Rigorous cybersecurity 
protection
-
Competitive 
remuneration and 
benefits
Sustainable supply 
chain management
-
Accurate product 
labeling
-
Climate change and 
energy management
The CSR working groups analyze topics and hold 
discussions based on internal consideration, 
industry status, industry chain practice, and 
advices from stakeholders. The topics are 
prioritized according to urgency and seriousness 
and the level of impact.Analysis / 
PrioritizingSTEP
3
Members of the CSR working groups were 
invited to consider the relevance between the 
topics and the actual operation according to 
internal and external information. The 2020 
topic identification results were confirmed 
and a materiality matrix was prepared for 
submission to the CSR Committee for approval.Result
Confirmation / 
Materiality
MatrixSTEP
4
Influence of stakeholder assessments
LowHigh
HighSignificant impacts on the economy , environment , and societyThe Materiality Matrix
1. The materiality threshold: 2.5 and above for both the X-axis and the Y-axis (3-point scale)
2. Chunghwa Telecom also willingly discloses issues that are not identified as material issues in 2020, please refer to the topics with“ ＊”in 
the index catalog (P .142-143).2020 Material Topics and Impact
CHT is an integrated telecom service provider. Except for the use of electricity at business locations, facility 
rooms, and data centers, our other service processes and mechanisms have no major negative impact on 
the environment and society. However, with over 20 thousand employees, the capabilities of value chain 
procurement and supply and business locations all over Taiwan, we understand that our ICT services and 
products can bring positive transforming and business opportunities to the industry, economic development 
and people’s life in Taiwan. Therefore, we seize opportunities and endeavor to decrease the potential risks 
from material CSR topics.
Process for Determining Material Topics
The CSR Secretariat calls for the six CSR working 
groups to confirm the material topics determining 
process of the current year. We perform through 
feedback and external questionnaires.Confirming
the determining 
process for
material topicsSTEP
1
The CSR Secretariat is responsible for identifying 
CSR topics while considering CHT’s short-, mid-
, and long-term achievement and referring to 
the material it collects including international 
guidelines, such as the GRI Standards,  
sustainability rating surveys, international 
benchmark business information and the news 
related to CHT in 2020.Information 
collecting / 
Topic
identificationSTEP
2Entity
Material TopicsCHTHonghwa
SubsidiaryCHT Security
SubsidiaryEngineering
SuppliersEquipment 
Suppliers
Economic Performance ● ▲ ▲
Market Presence ●
Energy ● ■ ■
Supplier Environmental Assessment ● ■ ■
Employment ● ▲ ▲
Occupational Health and Safety ● ▲ ▲ ■ ■
Supplier Social Assessment ● ■ ■
Marketing and Labelling ● ▲ ▲
Customer Privacy ● ▲ ▲
Socioeconomic Compliance ● ▲ ▲ ■ ■Within the organization Outside the organization Range of impact
1. ●: direct impact； ▲: indirect impact； ■: impact from business relations
2. Except for the impact within the CHT organization (including 2 subsidiaries), the influence of the external impact is determined by the 
“supplier type.” 
3. CHT also promotes relative management principles and actions. For detailed topic information, please refer to the corresponding 
chapter and page. 
36 37
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
ESG Aspect Material Topics Meaning to CHTTopic Corresponding to 
the GRI StandardsManagement 
Principle  
(page number)2020  
Performances 
(page number)Topic Corresponding to UN SDGs
EClimate change and 
energy managementAiming to become a “green enterprise”, we aspire 
to enhance our core competencies, identify relevant 
risks and opportunities, and steer the development 
of a low-carbon industry on the issues of energy and 
climate change.Energy P .104 P .106
SCompetitive 
remuneration and 
benefitsWith remuneration above the statutory standards and 
the industry average, we stress on the well-being of 
our employees, encourage our employees with actions 
for them to focus on work without distraction, and 
share our business results.Market Presence P .71 P .71
Fair and equal labor-
management relations 
and employee 
engagementThrough formal engagement, an agreement can be 
reached regarding the rights and responsibilities of 
employees to both protect them and the employer.Employment P .70-71, 74 P .71-73
Health and safetyWe incorporated ISO 45001 to ensure that each process 
is in compliance with the regulation.Occupational Health
and SafetyP .83 P .83-85
Accurate 
product labellingWe accurately communicate product and service 
information, and actively provide instructions and usage 
regulations to ensure that consumers are aware of the 
effects while overuse of products and services.Marketing and Labelling P .24 P .24, 96-97
Rigorous
cybersecurity
protectionWe have continued to strengthen our processes and 
systems in response to external security threats and 
regulatory changes, and constantly refine information 
security systems and management strategies for 
consumer data protection.Customer Privacy P .55, 94-95 P .55, 94-95
Corporate governanceThe upright operation is the core value CHT insists on. 
We make the employees strictly follow the laws and 
regulations through policies and propaganda.Socioeconomic 
ComplianceP .24 P .24
GInnovative ICT
products and servicesDue to impacts from the global industrial chains, 
Chunghwa Telecom more proactively strengthens 
its core businesses, introducing momentum to drive 
revenues via innovative ICT products and services 
while elevating shareholders’ willingness to hold 
shares in the long run.Economic Performance P .22 P .22
Sustainable supply chain 
managementNow that we cannot take our influence on our supply 
chain lightly, we are obliged to lead our partners on 
the supply chain to implement measures in conformity 
with the international ESG standards of management 
so as to guide the ICT industry towards sustainability.Supplier Environmental 
Assessment
-
Supplier Social 
AssessmentP .115 P .112-1172020 Material Topics Description
Society
GovernanceEnviornment
38 39
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Stakeholder Meaning to Chunghwa Telecom Focused TopicsCommunication 
channelCommunication 
Frequency
Shareholders / 
InvestorsAs shareholders / investors are our 
stockholders, we must be accountable 
to them.• Economic 
Performance• Shareholders’meeting
• Shareholder hotline
• Earning results 
conference
• Investors’meeting• Annually
• Real-time
• Quarterly
• Nonperiodic
EmployeesEmployees are critical to the sustainable 
development and they are the driving 
force for sustainable growth.• Market Presence
• Employment
• Occupational 
Health and Safety• E-mail
• Telephone call
• Online forum
• Labor employer 
meeting
• Negotiation meeting• Real-time
• Every 2 months
• Nonperiodic
Clients / CustomersOnly when customers prefer the 
products and services of Chunghwa 
Telecom could we have value for 
existence.• Marketing and 
Labelling
• Customer Privacy• Service hotline
• Customer service center• Real-time 
SuppliersThe large product and service chain 
of Chunghwa Telecom relies on the 
stable support of the suppliers.• Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment
• Supplier Social 
Assessment• E-mail
• Hotline
• CSR Supplier 
Conference
• Supplier Training
• Survey• Real-time
• Annually
Communities / NPOsWe wish to reciprocate for society 
with our professional standing in 
telecom and create a better future.• Energy
• Socioeconomic 
Compliance• E-mail
• Hotline
• Stakeholder forum• Real-time
• Nonperiodic
Media / Accreditation 
InstitutesWe have learned and grown with the 
media and accreditation institutes 
through their mentorship in sustainable 
development.• Socioeconomic 
Compliance• E-mail
• Hotline
• Press release
• Press conference
• Survey• Real-time
• Nonperiodic
Competent 
AuthoritiesOur products, services and related 
marketing behaviors are subject to 
audits by the competent authority.• Socioeconomic 
Compliance• Public hearing/press 
conference
• E-mail
• Official document
• Meeting
• Telephone call
• Visit• Real-time
• Nonperiodic
CompetitorsAs the leading brand in the telecom 
industry in Taiwan, we strive to 
engage in fair competition in the 
industry for a healthy development 
of the industry.• Economic 
Performance
• Market Presence• Official document
• Meeting
• Telephone call• Real-time
• NonperiodicGD
EA
B
C
HFStakerholders Engagement
We have always thought that “Chunghwa Telecom can do more.” As the leading brand in Taiwan telecom 
industry, CHT focuses on industry development and competition. In addition to good products, services and 
profits, we also give back to society. We also pay close attention to the voices of our internal and external 
stakeholders before making careful responses to the needs of society. 
The identification of the stakeholders and their issues is a very important part of the CSR practice. In the initial 
meeting of CSR report preparation, we invite members from all departments to exchange the issues related to 
current key stakeholders and their concerns. Upon reaching mutual understanding, the result is incorporated 
into a table that is regarded as an essential reference for the disclosures in the report. In the process of 
promoting CSR activities and information disclosure, we consult the opinion of the internal and external 
stakeholders, important relevant mechanisms include:
• “Consultation meeting with external professionals” for CSR report
• Regular invitation of external professionals to the “CSR Conference” and relevant forums
• The “CSR Supplier Conference” is held every year
• Specialists designated for CSR and the CHT Foundation
• CHT was the first to create “CSR videos” and the CHT official YouTube CSR program to record the 
implementation of CSR action on a regular basis, as well as the collection of internal and external feedback 
for further improvement
HA
B CG D
E FCHT 
is responsible of
making response
Influenced
by CHTMay affect 
CHT’s
operational
performanceCSR Video
CHT Stakeholder Engagement Guidelines:
1.CHT Stakeholder Engagement Results
2.CHT Stakeholder Engagement Guideline
3.CHT Stakeholder Communication Channel
40 41
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
2020 Annual CSR Supplier Conference
To facilitate our supplier partners in understanding the climate risks 
and harness the future opportunities for development, the 2020 
Annual CSR Supplier Conference was themed with “Form Alliance 
Extensively in Sustainability; Create Opportunities in Low Carbon”. 
Chi-Ming Peng, CEO of WeatherRisk Explore, Inc., was invited 
specifically to decode weather for all the attending partners and share 
on the climate risks an enterprise ought to pay attention to. Also, 
Stephen Pao, Senior COO of SGS-Taiwan, was invited to share on how 
an enterprise can be green and be rich in the transition to a low carbon 
economy in order to seize the business opportunities in sustainability.
Chunghwa Telecom was the first telecom operator to kick off “sustainable supply chain” initiative in 
Taiwan. During the conference, Stephen Pao, Senior COO of SGS-Taiwan, presented the Certificate of 
Excellence in Sustainable Supply Chain to Shui-Yi Kuo, President of Chunghwa Telecom, on behalf of 
the Sustainable Alliance for Low-carbon Economy (SALcE) to recognize its ongoing commitment to the 
sustainable value chain of telecommunication.
To continue to exert its influence of sustainability, Chunghwa Telecom created the first “Supplier 
Sustainability Rating” system. President Kuo awarded the “Certificate of Sustainability Rating” to 6 
outstanding suppliers, including Delta Electronics, Baycom Opto-Electronics Technology Co., Ltd., SYSAGE 
Technology Co., Ltd., Ablerex Electronics Co., Ltd., Interactive Digital Technologies Inc., and Basecom 
Telecommunication Co., Ltd., which passed the rigorous checks by SGS-Taiwan and received “Gold-
tier Certificates”. “CSR Information Disclosure Award” was awarded to HwaCom Systems Inc., Arcadyan 
Technology Corporation, and Ta Ya Electric Wire & Cable Co., Ltd. “CDP Award” was presented to D-Link 
Corporation (Taiwan).
Moving forward, Chunghwa Telecom shall uphold the spirit of Form Alliance Extensively in Sustainability 
to join hands with its huge group of supplier partners to exercise corporate social responsibility, bridge to 
the international development, and create low-carbon opportunities together, and ultimately forge the 
sustainable future of ICT industry through“Customer-centered Value Creation”.
Sustainable Alliance for Low-carbon Economy (SALcE)
Video2020 CSR Results of Critical Stakeholders Engagement
• 6 Labor-management conferences (to 
deliberate on 22 proposals)
• 5 Negotiation meeting (to deliberate on 19 
proposals)Employees
• 126  suppliers participating in the Supplier 
Sustainable Environmental Visits
• 105  suppliers participating in the “2020 
Annual CSR Supplier Conference”Suppliers• The “123 customer service 
hotline” has served over 
39.44 million  cases
• 12.97 million  tickets 
receivedClients
• 86 conferences attendedCompetitors
• 262 Press releases in total
• 16 Press conferences in 
totalMedia• 1 Annual general meeting
• 4 Earning results conferences 
• 2 NDR and broker investor conferences
• 62 conferences for visiting investorsShareholders / Investors
• 14 press conferences and public hearings 
convened
• 456  appeal and negotiation meetings 
completed
• 282  business inspectionsCompetent Authorities
42 43
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
The development of the Artificial Intelligence of Things (AIoT) will 
popularize edge computing, IoT phone numbers, drones, AR, VR, and 
smart homes. These emerging industries will propel the development 
of hardware and operating systems.
CHT is actively looking into the development of renewable energy , 
self-built or for solar energy.
Adopting a risk-based approach, CHT established the “Chunghwa 
Telecom Cybersecurity and Privacy Protection Framework.”  
Based on NIST’ s Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) and domestic and 
international standards and regulations, the framework includes five 
steps: identify, protect, detect, respond, and improve.Our “Risk Management Committee”  adopts Enterprise Risk 
Management (ERM) software and the “Risk Analysis Matrix” as our 
assessment tools, governing every business decision made by our 
employees.
The first telecom operator in the world to pass “ TCFD Conformity 
Check”  by BSI and obtain certification of the highest level.04
Sustainability 
Risks and  
Opportunities
Emerging Risks
Emerging Opportunities
Climate Change Risks and Opportunities
Cybersecurity Risks48
48
50
55The SDGs CHT contributes to in this chapter
44 45
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Aspects Description
Organizational 
Aspect• “Risk Management Committee”was established in 2016 to inform the Audit 
Committee of significant risk incident and related information. The Committee 
reports to the Board of Directors at least once a year.
Strategic Aspect• The BoD established the risk management strategy and structure.
• The Risk Management Regulations were established as a foundation and are 
followed by all employees engaged in business operations.
Management 
System• The Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) system was established for the regular 
control of the risks from each division and business.
Assessment Tool• We use the Risk Analysis Matrix as our assessment tool to assess legal, network 
maintenance, market and financial operation risks, etc.
• For the major operational items and relative CSR issues, we enhance the 
performance of sensitivity analysis and the pressure test.
• Pursuant to Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (referred to as “TCFD Framework” hereinafter), we analyzed the scope 
of operation, upstream and downstream, as well as the climate-related risks and 
opportunities throughout the life cycles of assets in the short-, mid-, and long-
terms.
Audit Aspect• The executive Secretariat helps promote the risk management activities in all company.
• The Auditor reviews the risks and reports to the BoD.
Feedback and 
Improvement• Risk status is followed up monthly and reported to the Risk Management 
Committee generally.
• The Committee improves the current risk management mechanism based on 
feedback from individual units to ensure the process is up to date and satisfies the 
operational need.
• 3 meeting were convened.
• “Operation of Risk Management” presented in the operation overview on the Board 
Meeting in November.
For more information about Risk Management, please refer to 2020 Annual Report P .97-103Implementation outcomes in 2020
CHT places emphasis on the control of the corporate operation and sustainability risk. In 2016, the Company 
established a Risk Management Committee with the President as convener and high rank managers as 
members. The committee supervises risk management throughout the organization and is responsible for 
prioritizing identified risks, formulating response strategies to key risk issues, and reporting to the board of 
directors when deemed necessary. Through control of the mechanism at each level, potential risks and loss to 
the Company can be minimized.
CHT Risk Management Organization Structure
BoD/Audit
Committee
Risk Management Committee
Risk Management Managing Unit
Risk Management Executing UnitAudit Unit
Executive
Secretariat
46 47
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
We cooperate closely with our strategic partners in the launch of new services and products that satisfy our customers. We have become 
The Digital Economy Motivator and The Creative Industry Pilot, and we create values for clients, shareholders, employees and society.
In the face of the trends of user-friendliness and rapid launch of diversified emerging technological applications, security perimeters 
are blurred as a result. Meanwhile, openness and softwareization increase the chance of exposure as well, which in turn pose a threat to 
security. Hence, apart from taking user experience and service functions into consideration, corporations are to employ the concept of 
Secured by Design in the beginning of development in order to effectively reduce potential information security risks.
CHT spares no effort in the refinement of cybersecurity technology. In response to the government’s cybersecurity automatization and 
industry innovation policies, in 2017, CHT founded Chunghwa Cybersecurity International, a subsidiary dedicated to the development 
of integrated cybersecurity solutions especially for emerging technologies. We hope that our endeavors will encourage other companies 
to follow suit, while effectively broadening opportunities in information security and driving the growth of revenues apart from the 
reinforcement of national cybersecurity defense capability.CHT IoT Smart PlatformEmerging Risks
Emerging OpportunitiesCHT continues with advanced technological research and development to take advantage of many business opportunities in this digital 
convergence era and reduce operational risk. We absorb, cultivate and make good use of excellent available talent to integrate Internet 
and marketing resources. 
The 5G technology will drive intelligent technological applications. AI will be everywhere around us in the future. Completely new types of 
services such as AIoT (AI and IoT) will become the core of fast convergence. The rise of new industries, edge computing, the volume of the 
IoT , drones, AR, VR and the intelligent family will push corporations in Taiwan to move their business emphasis. We predict that the global 
output value of AI hardware will exceed NT$ 5 trillion. This will inevitably become an important force in pushing global economic growth. 
With the advent of Industry 4.0 and the rapid emergence of new online applications, cybersecurity specialists are issuing warnings 
regarding the looming threat of multimodal, multifaceted attacks. However, this also creates an opportunity for companies that offer an 
integrated cybersecurity service package. The government has classified information security as a matter of national security, including it 
as part of the national defense industry in the 5+2 New and Innovative Industries Policy.Risk Factor Potential Influences  (Obstacles) Countermeasures  (Risk Avoidance and Opportunity Seizure)
Opportunity Factors Potential Business Opportunity Countermeasures  (Risk Avoidance and Opportunity Seizure)The decrease  
in the voice 
revenue• Market competition and VoIP have caused a slight decrease in voice revenue.
• We continue to maintain our competitive edge in broadband Internet, even in the face of low-price competition 
from cable television.• In addition to enhancing current core business, we continue with new product research and development, as well as service and value-
added applications. These include video service, information security, IoT , the cloud, mobile payment and other new business.
• We are concentrating on applications related to big data, information security, the cloud, IoT , 5G and the intelligent city. CHT is being 
transformed into the leading brand for information, communications and digital convergence.
The 5G
business  
model is
unclear• The cost of our 4G investment has not been fully recovered and 5G belongs to the high-frequency spectrum. We 
predict that serious investment will need to be made to satisfy the requirements for new construction in the near 
future.• We have developed an IoT intelligent internet platform by combining five main services, which are information security, big data, 
blockchains, AI and AR.
• We expect IoT applications to develop rapidly with the advent of 5G and we already have 3 million phone numbers authorized by the 
NCC. We intend to provide IoT for both industrial and domestic applications.
Energy
supply  
stability• The electricity supply is unstable and insufficient.
• IDCs and base stations are facilities and equipment of high energy consumption, whereas unstable power supply 
will result in disruption in operation that impacts the revenue.• We are increasing the percentage of self-built renewable energy devices and have set up emergency power generating equipment to 
avoid interruption to our services in times of crisis.
• We plan to establish the Green Energy  Office in charge of green procurement and renewable energy installment.
• CHT phases out the old and introduces high energy efficient IDC equipment and low-carbon base stations in order to lower the energy 
consumption and reduce its reliance on the power utility.
Development  
of 5G• Forecasts show that 5G technology will result in an output of US$ 134 billion to the companies in Taiwan in 2035.• Launching “Taiwan 5G Industry Development Alliance - CHT leading team” with the 5G office in DoIT , ITRI, and III.
•  CHT Pilot Team extends laboratory testing to practical “5G Testing and Training Site.” All industries in Taiwan can take advantage of 
this environment to develop innovative applications and grasp the opportunities.
IoT / 
Big Data• International research institute Gartner predicts that the IoT product and service providers will create a marginal 
benefit of US$6 trillion in 2025.• We are forming a national IoT team. Through allying with the international and Taiwanese companies, we create international 
competitiveness for the IoT industry in Taiwan. 
• We developed the IoT intelligent internet platform on our own, combining 5 main services, including information security, big data, the 
blockchain, AI, and AR.
Information 
Security 
Management• Popularization of emerging technological applications (e.g. IoT , AI, and cloud services) as well as diversified 
attacks by hackers, and the increased frequency of supply chain attacks gradually blur the existing security 
perimeters and boost the challenge of protection against cybersecurity threat while create new opportunities in 
the cybersecurity area.
• The FSC promulgated “Financial Cyber Security Action Plan” in 2020 to drive the demands for cybersecurity 
protection, monitoring, and joint defense in the financial sector.
• The Executive Yuan announced the Cybersecurity Industry Development Action Plan. The gross output of the 
industry is expected to exceed NT$ 78 billion dollars by 2025.
• Gartner predicts the investing amount the companies put into information security will rise to US$ 146 billion in 
2021 with a compound annual growth rate of 8.4% around the globe.•  The cyber intelligence joint defense platform we developed and key emerging technologies like MEC security monitoring offer an 
environment for 5G and IoT that is more secured and reliable.
•  Developing inter-disciplinary financial security solutions, we strive to become a cybersecurity service provider for digital finance.
•  With our current IT solutions, we offer complex solutions for clients using ICS/OT infrastructure connected to a hybrid network.
•  As a managed security service provider (MSSP), we dedicated to the provision of a wide range of cybersecurity solutions. In addition to 
extending our market reach within the border, we are actively seeking business opportunities overseas.
•  Maintain our leading position in the industry by consolidating our advantages in internet services, distributions channels, and R&D 
capabilities with domestic and overseas high-quality products to provide integrated solutions to large enterprise clients.
Climate
Change
Low Carbon 
Products and 
Services•  The World Economic Forum (WEF) foresaw the top five potential risks in the next decade to be environmental 
issues, especially the “extreme weather”.
•  Businesses around the globe are investing in low carbon emission infrastructure, including green energy, 
electric automobiles, and smart cities to reduce reliance on electricity.
• The WEF estimated that the values of green bonds traded worldwide could soon hit US$2.36 trillion.• Green Product and Service Program — we provide businesses with energy-saving technology and services.
•  By combining innovative green services, such as video conferencing, e-bills, and other cloud services, with our existing technology, we 
plan to build smart cities with lower carbon emission.
•  We are building a cloud service platform that enables clients to access real time data regarding their energy usage and equipment status 
so that failures can be predicted and prevented.
•  We began investing in the photovoltaics and Green ICT industries in 2017, establishing the Smart Energy Lab and the Smart Architecture 
Lab. Also, we planned to establish the Green Energy Office in charge of green energy procurement and renewable energy installment to 
enter the field of renewable energy. As of 2020, we have the largest capacity, self-built or otherwise, for solar energy among all telecom 
companies in Taiwan.
48 49
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
CHT TCFD Risk Matrix
5
4
3
2
1
0Impact
Likelihood 1 2 3 4 5R1R5
R6
R7R2
R3R11R8
R10R9R4
In consideration of the transition risks, we took reference to International Energy Agency, IEA  Sustainable 
Development Scenario, SDS and Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, IPCC RCP 2.6 Scenario to 
identify the possible operational impacts and risks in the scenarios set.The short-term is 2020-2025; the mid-term is 2025-2040; and the long-term is 2040-2100.Risk Type NO. Risk Factor Risk Issue Time
Transitional
RisksR1Policy &  
Regulation RiskIncrease in operating costs due to the carbon 
emissions pricingMid- and 
Long-term
R2 Market RiskHigher electricity rate due to change in 
Taiwan’s structure of electricity generationMid- and 
Long-term
R3 Technical RiskIncrease in operating costs as replacing low 
energy-consuming equipment ahead of time to 
improve energy efficiencyLong-term
R4 Technical RiskIncrease in operating costs as replacing fuel vehicles 
with electric ones to improve energy efficiencyLong-term
R5Policy &  
Regulation RiskIncrease in operating costs due to the adoption of 
renewable energy forced by updated regulationsShort-, Mid- 
and Long-
term
R6 Reputational RiskLosing the favor of investors and consumers 
because of lacking active sustainable actionsShort-, Mid- 
and Long-
term
R7 Long-term RiskOperational assets are damaged owing to the rise 
of sea level covering the low-lying coastal areasMid- and 
Long-term
Physical
RisksR8 Short-/ Long-term RiskTense operating pressure and serious impact 
due to lack of water resourceShort-, Mid- 
and Long-
term
R9 Long-term RiskDecrease of international service revenue due 
to worsening environment which deters tourists 
from visiting TaiwanLong-term
R10 Long-term RiskEmployees’ leaving their jobs forced by rising 
temperatureLong-term
R11 Long-term RiskEquipment inoperability and service interruption 
resulting from Increased frequency and severity 
of heavy rains and floodsMid- and 
Long-termClimate Change Risks and Opportunities
Chunghwa Telecom is the first telecom company in Taiwan to sign on as supporter of the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) initiative. In 2020, CHT has started to analyze climate-related 
risks and opportunities in accordance with the TCFD’s recommended framework, and accordingly promote 
climate change mitigation and adaptation, in order to continuously reduce climate-related risks and create 
opportunities for the industry.
Referring to the ISO 31000 risk management guidelines, the strategy group assess the hazard caused by 
each climate-related risk (risk hazard = likelihood × impact), through Delphi method, which investigates the 
professional experience of senior executives in related departments, and focuses on the likelihood from five 
levels, which are “very unlikely”,“unlikely”, “probable”, “likely” to “very likely”, and the degree of impact is 
divided into five levels based on the proportion of CHT’s paid-in capital, which are “extremely high”,“very 
high”, “high”, “moderate”, and “minor”. As the result for identifying of climate-related risk, there are 6 
transition risks and 5 physical risks.
After analyzing low, medium, and high risks, the Risk Management Committee will comprehensively assess the 
climate-related risk and other risks of the company and conduct necessary mitigation measures depending 
on the impact of risk. After the Risk Management Committee conducts an overall risk assessment based on 
the evaluation and analysis results, the Chief Auditor shall review the risk assessment results and the Risk 
Management Committee will report to the Board of Directors. The outcome of risk identification is shown in 
the following figure.Framework Disclosures Page
Governance• The board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities P .46-47
• Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and 
opportunitiesP .46-47
Strategy• The climate-related risks and opportunities the company has identified over 
the short, medium, and long-termP .51
• The impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the Company’s 
businesses, strategy, and financial planningP .51
• The potential impact of the Company’s businesses, strategy, and financial 
planning in different scenariosP .52-53
Risk
Management• The Company’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks P .50
• The Company’s processes for managing climate-related risks P .50
• Processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks and 
how they are integrated into the Company’s s overall risk managementP .46-47
Metrics
and
Targets• The metrics used by the Company to assess climate-related risks and 
opportunitiesP .54
• Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions P .54
• The targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and 
their implementationP .111Chunghwa Telecom Disclosures to TCFD
50 51
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
In order to adapt to the potential changes in the environmental and climate related regulations & international 
accords, we have developed the following strategy:Carbon Reduction Practices and Measures
Close Observation of Regulatory Changes Both Domestically and Abroad
Universal Services
Establishment of a Sustainable, Low-Carbon Supply Chain  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Development of Low-Carbon Products and Services  
 
 
 
 
Management of Service Centers Carbon FootprintsWe are actively cooperating with relevant stakeholders and have established the “Chunghwa Telecom Energy Saving 
Policy for a Sustainable Environment”, which aims at “Green Enterprise”, “Green Sustainability” and “Green Innovation” 
to actively expand environmental protection actions; at the same time, we promote facilities-room disaster mitigation 
and climate adaptation programs to strengthen disaster response measures and reduce climate risks.
We have also installed solar panels on cell towers in remote mountainous areas to reduce energy consumption 
and carbon emission; these panels can also provide power to the cell towers in the case of a power outage to 
support emergency communications.
In 2017, Chunghwa Telecom joined the CDP Supply Chain Program and became the first telecom company in 
Taiwan to participate in CDP’s international platform. The official implementation of our carbon management 
measures with our 100 suppliers prompted them to disclose complete greenhouse gas information in a positive 
and proactive manner and commence planning of carbon management measures and strategies.
In 2018, we incorporated the ISO 20400 Sustainable Procurement Standard to implement our sustainable 
development beliefs in procurement practices; green supply chain was constructed in 2019 through a sustainable 
perspective, supplier evaluation, and classification management, with 16 suppliers passing the external third-
party auditing and obtaining the Gold-tier Certificates.
In addition to mitigating the environmental impact caused by our operations, products, and services, we 
have reduced our carbon footprint via green innovative services and revolutionary technologies such as video 
conference, digital receipt services, and cloud products. We’ ve also utilized the technological advantage in our 
primary businesses to help build smart cities; an example of such low-carbon solutions is a smart taxi dispatch 
system that lowers the number of empty cabs on the road and reduces fuel consumption.
We carried out carbon footprint inventory for the service center in 2019, which not only is ISO 14067 and PAS 2060 
verified, but attains the Environmental Protection Administration Carbon Footprint Label in Q2, 2020, making 
Chunghwa Telecom the first telecom company in Taiwan to acquire the label. This shall be beneficial for the “green 
communication” between the customers and ourselves.Chunghwa Telecom adopts a two-pronged strategy which is dedicated to the pursuit of a low-carbon 
transition and taking advantage of future business opportunities both internally and externally.
As the “Smart City” leading brand by its core technologies and resources combined, Chunghwa Telecom 
has utilized its long-established experience in the development of information & communication systems 
and electrical environment monitoring systems to integrate and monitor the energy-consuming status 
for its clients. It has also adopted a cloud platform to provide clients with services such as energy-saving 
performance calculations, equipment operational status monitoring, and real-time notifications. These 
services help businesses lower carbon reduction threshold and reach their energy-saving and carbon 
reduction targets. In addition, Chunghwa Telecom offers innovative green products and services to accelerate 
the spread of Smart Living.
As for our development of renewable energy, 
Chunghwa Telecom has invested thousands of 
manpower to build the Zhangbin Solar Power 
Plant. This plant is the country’s largest solar 
power plant, with a total capacity of 100 MW and an 
annual output of 130 million kWh. The power plant 
reduces annual CO 2e missions by 70,000 metric tons, 
creating revenues for the Company, and thus it is a 
mutually beneficial endeavor, benefitting both the 
environment and our operations.Risk Related to Climate Change
Transitional
RisksClimate 
scenariosIEA SDS
Physical
RisksClimate 
scenariosRCP 2.6
Main RiskIn response to regulatory trends,  
CHT uses renewable energyMain RiskIncreased frequency and severity of heavy rains and floods, resulting in 
equipment inoperability and service interruption
Preventive 
solutionCHT uses IEA SDS as the climate scenario, and comply nation regulation, such 
as “Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Management Act” and “Renewable Energy 
Development Act”. CHT plans to establish a green energy office, which will in 
charge of purchase renewable energy and installed capacity. In order to reduce 
emission, CHT import high-efficiency telecommunication facilities, low-carbon 
base stations and adopt low-carbon product equipment with government’s 
green label.
By the end of 2020, CHT’s installed capacity of renewable energy has exceeded 
2,783 kWp and our energy saving target is 1% year over year.Preventive 
solutionCHT conducts climate scenarios analysis according to RCP 2.6 and the  
“National Climate Change Adaptation Action Plan (2018-2022)” formulated by 
the Executive Yuan. In further, CHT uses the Taiwan Climate Change Projection 
Information and Adaptation Knowledge Platform (TCCIP) as an analysis tool, 
and carries out the “Telecommunication Adaptation Action Plan for climate 
change adaptation” to elevate our adaptive capacity to climate change.
Low-carbon Transition Opportunities
• Internally: Establishment of the Company’s “Environmental Sustainable Development Strategies and 
Targets” via organized, systematic methods, and effectively improving the effective management of carbon 
emissions and other environmental information through the use of our internally developed environmental 
information management system.
• Externally: Development of green products and services to develop renewable energy and provide 
businesses with energy-saving technologies and services.
52 53
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Cybersecurity Risks
Driven by the Industry 4.0 development and emerging network applied technologies (e.g. 5G application, 
softwareization, cloudification, IoT , and AI), cybersecurity threats have evolved into multi-faceted mixed 
attacks that increase challenges for enterprises in cybersecurity management. Chunghwa Telecom continues 
to develop risk protection countermeasures, bridges to international information security standards, and 
has established joint-defense mechanism with the government and international information security 
organizations, dedicated to the elevation of overall cybersecurity defense and response capabilities. Also, 
CHT proactively develops key cybersecurity technologies, besides facilitating developments of emerging 
businesses, and to offer its clients a secured and reliable digital environment.
The performance in cybersecurity and privacy protection risk management has been tracked and managed 
on a monthly basis by “Risk Management Committee”. Any material risk issues will be reported to the Audit 
Committee under the Board of Directors or directly to the Board of Directors. In light of the major cyber 
security incidents domestically over the years, apart from a preemptive deployment of defense measures 
such as the ban on Network Neighborhood, security monitoring for Active Directory (AD), and blocking of APT 
attack via email, we utilize the smart cybersecurity monitoring platform that not only is capable of detecting 
incidents of breach or risks in peacetime, but also promptly backtracks impacts of external threats on the basis 
of intelligence. There has been no impact to the corporate businesses nor fine incurred from cybersecurity 
issue or personal data breach as of 2020. In 2020, we bridged ourselves to the world, planning for purchasing 
“data protection insurance”, which will take place in 2021.In accordance with standards, laws, and regulations at home and abroad, “Chunghwa Telecom Cybersecurity 
and Privacy Protection Framework” was established to prevent possible risks, implement concrete, effective 
safety protection and personal data and privacy protection measures, safeguard customers’ rights, and 
expedite the popularization of digital living services, including:With the cybersecurity vision of building the most valuable, safe, reliable, trustworthy telecom carrier in line 
with international standards as the point of departure, we implement “Cybersecurity Policy” and “Privacy 
Policy” from the start, and passes government inspection and third-party verification (ISO 27001, ISO 27011, 
BS 10012, CSA STAR Certification remain effective). Through the Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA) cycle, actions 
regarding cybersecurity and privacy protection management are continuously improved to ensure the goal of 
"zero tolerance" for major cybersecurity and personal information incidents is achieved.
• Implementing the appropriate risk management strategies, introducing security requirements into design 
phase (security by design), and practicing rigorous cybersecurity protection management. These are 
conducted while selecting and supervising suppliers in an appropriate manner, to ensure supply chain 
security and enhance privacy protection.
• Deploying multi-layer, in-depth security protection and detection mechanisms, as well as the Intelligent 
Security Operation Center(SOC), to uncover malicious behaviors and hunt down possible cyber threats at 
an early hacking stage. Meanwhile, through threats intelligence gathering and early warning mechanisms, 
the Company will acknowledge cybersecurity incidents timely and process emergency incident response to 
have any damage controlled at a very early stage.
• Conducting Red Team Security Assessments and joint cybersecurity defense with national-level C-ISAC, 
including IOCs and threat intelligences exchanging, malicious website taking down. Moreover, the Company 
participates in national-level drills of Critical Infrastructure to ensure the effectiveness, safety and resilience 
of system and data protection.Opportunities and ActionsCorresponding Strategies
For more information of Chunghwa Telecom Cybersecurity and Privacy Protection, please refer to the official websiteAll the inventories and audits in 2018-2019 were conducted in line with the standard of ISO 14064-1:2006, while the GWP was derived from 
the Fourth Assessment Report of IPCC (2007). The standard was converted to ISO 14064-1:2018 as of 2021 with the scope changed into 
category. The GWP was derived from the Fifth Assessment Report of IPCC (2013). All data has been verified by SGS-Taiwan.The total greenhouse gas emissions in 2020 were 790,320.9986t-CO 2e, 
consisting of six types of greenhouse gases, namely, CO 2, CH 4, N 2O, HFCs, 
PFCs, and SF 6.
As the operations of Chunghwa Telecom primarily use electrical power, 
the greenhouse gas is mainly category 2 emissions (purchased electricity), 
accounting for a percentage of 97.19%. Category 1 emissions, which 
account for 2.81%, are mostly generated by workplace emission sources. 
Through implementation of various energy-saving carbon reduction 
measures, the total emissions in 2020 demonstrated a slight decrease as a 
result.
To facilitate the decrease of greenhouse gas emissions, Chunghwa 
Telecom has actively built solar photovoltaic systems in recent years. We 
also acquired 105 Taiwan Renewable Energy Certificates (T-REC), reducing 
carbon emissions by 53.45 t-CO 2e in 2020.
Chunghwa Telecom conducts regular annual inventories of the organization’s greenhouse gas emissions 
and conforms with the ISO 14064-1:2018, investigating the greenhouse gas emissions of upstream and 
downstream activities. In 2020, Chunghwa Telecom conduct GHG inventories on category 3, 4, and 5. All data 
has been verified by SGS-Taiwan.Greenhouse Gas Emissions Management
GHG Inventory and Verification
2018 2019 2020
Direct emissions (Category 1) 30,469.8920 28,455.5921 22,192.9316
Indirect emissions (Category 2) 804,043.4163 795,295.4952 768,128.0670
Total emissions (Category 1 + Category 2) 834,513.3083 823,751.0873 790,320.9986
Emission intensity (t-CO2e/NTD in million) 3.9 4.0 3.8
Percentage of category in revenue 100% 100% 100%
Operation Value Chain Category Item Emissions (t-CO2e)
Upstream3Employee Commuting 67,132.5036
Business Travel 648.2457
4Product & Service Procurement 628.4054
Waste Disposal and Transportation 3,619.4288
Fuel- and Energy-related Activities 169,158.1056
Downstream5 Leased Assets 3,678.6770
Total Emissions 244,865.3661
54 55
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
CHT is the first telecom company to institute sustainable supply chain 
management:
• Working with the Sustainable Alliance for Low-carbon Economy (SALcE) 
to audit and issue sustainability labels
• Joining the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) in an effort to establish a 
sustainable supply chain
CHT proposed “5I SDGs” —iHelping, iSharing, iLearning, iTechnology, 
iProtecting —Taiwan’ s first sustainable initiative that corresponds with 
the UN’ s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).CHT is the only telecom company in Taiwan to have a labor union .CHT is the  first  telecom operator to launch 5G services .
The first  telecom carrier that obtained both environment management 
certifications, “ISO 14067 and ISO 14046”CHT is the  first  mobile network operator to receive  ISO 45001 certification.CHT develops an  IoT (Internet of Things) platform  that integrates five 
major services—  information security, big data, cloud computing, 
artificial intelligence (AI), and augmented reality (AR) .05
The Creation 
of Sustainable 
Value
The Digital Economy Motivator
The Creative Industry Pilot
The Happiness Value Protector
The Green Corporation Pioneer
The Social Value Guide60
64
70
102
118
56 57
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
In addition to the pursuit of operational value and the growth of profit for the benefit of our stakeholders, 
we also allocate substantial resources for the creation of sustainable value. The approach to this is five-fold: 
capital investment, strategy formulation, action plan, regular follow-up and performance reviews. We take all 
the necessary steps to ensure that each investment input has a proper sustainability result.
Capital Impact on Value Creation Resource Allocated to Sustain Value Creation
Financial • To ensure eligibility for licensing (e.g., the 5G bands)
• Provides sufficient financial resources to support value creation
• Effective execution of commercial activities
• Generation and allocation of other forms of capital, such as distribution of 
shareholder equity, investments, and capital expenditure• Contribution to the government in the form of tax revenue
• Supports the development of network infrastructure
• Improves the quality of telecom services
Human • Telecom knowledge and skills acquired by employees
• Human capital represents one of our major operational costs• Introduction to compensation and incentive schemes to attract and retain talent
• Encourage high value-adding services and innovations
• Talent training and development programs
Intellectual • Licensing, laboratory and R&D expenses, and the acquisition and development 
of industry technologies
• Investment to maintain the brand• Ongoing investment in R&D, construction, and services, and maintain service quality and customer 
satisfaction
• Investment in the R&D of new technologies and the setting of new protocols
Production • Allocate financial capital to develop and maintain infrastructure facilities
• Operation of the Internet Data Center (IDC) and the installation of wireless 
facilities and development of software and applications• Ongoing new construction, maintenance, and operation of network equipment
• Procurement control and the acquisition of more cost/energy efficient network equipment
• Consolidation of idle space and the recycling and disposal of obsolete equipment
Social • Regular contact with the relevant authorities to ensure the conformance and 
legitimacy of the operations and competition
• Positive feedback from consumers and the general public helps build credibility 
of the Chunghwa Telecom brand, and minimizes financial outlay• Engage with stakeholders actively to make them better understand of the Company operations
• Engage in social activities to exert influence through core activities to minimize the digital divide
Natural • Natural capital such as infrastructure, raw materials, and energy sources are 
needed to allocate and take advantage of human capital
• The use of energy-saving processes and solutions can effectively reduce the 
consumption of natural capital• Purchase products that are environmental and friendly to reduce consumption of natural resources and 
raise energy efficiency
• Use carbon management to minimize energy consumption and apply renewable energy solutions to a 
greater extent
• Focus on the development of renewable energy sources, by proprietary and commissioned Photovoltaic 
systems
58 59
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Short-term: 
The accumulation of R&D power  
and the launch of innovative  
products and services
——
Launch of  
 “RISE ON, TOGETHER 2021” 
Transformation Plan
Mid-long term:
Over 5 million 5G users
——
Over 10,000 5G base stations
——
Over 2.3 million users  
of MOD servicesTargetT
5G commercialized
applications P .62-63ResponseR
CHT was the first telecom operator 
that launched 5G services.
——
We are the first telecom operator 
that obtained dual certifications in 
“the regulatory standards for the 
testing of 5G NR” from the NCC.
——
We have developed an IoT 
application platform using our 
own innovative technology.
——
Five previously separate pursuits 
have now been combined, 
including IoT , AI, Big Data, AR/VR 
and self-driving cars.ActionA
We have established the “Digital 
Convergence Business Department”  
(an UI team included), which is a 
core business unit that imports 
ISO standards of quality system, 
capable and mature integration 
models, project management as 
well as systematized R&D workflow.ManagementM
We have enhanced the current core 
business, and actively develop 
and research new products. It will 
bring new revenue through better 
and more innovative ICT products 
and services, becoming the leader 
in smart living and the agent of 
digital economy empowerment.StrategyS
IndicatorI
2,408  patents  
accumulated
 
NT$ 3.85  billion of  
investment in R&D 
More than 1,200  
R&D employeesGRI
CHT
CHT
Embrace the Dawn Year of 5G - Annual Convention of CHT Pilot Team
The Annual Convention of “Taiwan 5G Alliance - CHT Pilot Team”  was attended by nearly 200 representatives from 
over 60 institutions in the industries. Chunghwa Telecom took 5G and AI as its foundation for the 5+2 Innovative 
Industries Plan, actively responding to the government’s Six Core Strategic Industries. We preemptively deploy 
resources in the Information and Digital Industries, Cybersecurity Industries, Precision Health Industry, as well 
as Green and Renewable Energy Industry. Releasing “5G Services White Paper”, CHT heralded 5G advancement 
from “technical verification” to “commercial services”. It joined hands with the partners on CHT Pilot Team to 
demonstrate 30 corporate applications of 5G vertically across fields while collectively probe into the 5G network 
evolution and lead the 5G development in Taiwan forward.ICT Products and Services
Chunghwa Telecom has been developing ICT services across borders and smart applications that integrate with 
networks in the cloud. Seasoned with rich industrial service experiences, it acquired the largest bandwidth in 5G 
bidding. With the licenses in the 3.5GHz and 28GHz bands for mobile broadband businesses, we were the first to 
launch the 5G services. With the high speed, low latency, and great connectivity of 5G, combined with the alliance at 
home and abroad for the industry’ s innovative technologies, CHT built an emerging ecological chain of 5G industries. 
To accelerate the startups in Taiwan’s transition for internationalization, it became the one and only AWS Consulting 
Partner and Technology Partner for networks in Taiwan. Equipped with certificates in Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
DevOps Competency, AWS IoT Competency, and AWS Well-Architected, CHT successfully facilitates enterprises in 
building cloud environments for corporate operation with higher degrees of safety, efficiency, and flexibility.
5G gave rise to the applied IoT technologies as well as new forms of services like the 
emerging industries of AI, big data, drones, AR, VR, smart home, and smart long-term 
care, which shall drive the economic growth worldwide. Hence, we charge ahead with 
technological innovations, self-developing the IoT application platform that combines 
five service functions in information security, big data, cloud, AI, and VR in the hope of a 
tighter integration of the hardware advantages of domestic industries with the software 
energy of telecom operators to offer competitive solutions that embrace transitions.
5G Vertical Applications
 The Digital Economy Motivator
The SDGs CHT contributes 
to in this section
60 61
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Food
To facilitate precision agriculture, CHT worked with the large 
field that grew Iceberg lettuce in Yunlin on the “Agricultural 
IoT and AI-powered Farming” solution. We introduced smart 
management as well as installed micro weather station 
and 3-in-1 soil sensing equipment so as to learn about the 
environmental information in the field like soil and climate in a 
timely and accurate fashion. Meanwhile, the farming efficiency 
was increased thanks to the intelligence gathered via IoT and 
big data. Today, it has been a supplier to a renowned domestic 
chained restaurant and successfully exported produce 
overseas. This solution was recognized by the 2020 Smart City 
Innovative Applications Awards.Agricultural IoT and AI-powered Farming WebsiteTransportation
Working with Kingwaytek Technology Co., Ltd. and Tamshui Bus Company, Ltd., CHT complied with “Unmanned Vehicles Technology 
Innovative Experimentation Act” and obtained the license plate for the self-driving bus trial. Conducting the passenger transport service 
over the route between Danhai LRT Kanding Station and Miranew Square Stop, it became the first “autonomous bus” with passengers on 
the road in Taiwan. It is also the first self-driving shuttle service in Taiwan that integrates Cellular Vehicle-to-Everything (C-V2X), self-driving 
technology, roadside sensors, and the cloud monitoring platform. 
In the future, leveraging the features of high speed, low latency, and great connectivity of 5G, we will continue to integrate relevant 
technologies like V2X to demonstrate our ability in integration. With the smart transportation service, we aspire to introduce a smarter and 
more convenient living for our citizens and lead the way forward to usher in more business opportunities for the 5G V2X industry.Autonomous Bus Website
Housing
Working with Fashion Intelligence Co., Ltd. and the Pingtung 
County Government, CHT joined the smart urban and rural 
subsidies of the Industrial Development Bureau of MOEA, 
“Elderly Care for a Happy Living in Pingtung”. We built the 
first “Dementia Friendly Community” in Taiwan. Establishing 
services like the anti-lost positioning service, emergency 
rescue, smart images, friendly and safe transportation, and 
IoT-enabled autonomous health management services for 
the elderly, we unveiled the first demo anti-lost community 
in Taiwan, which was recognized with the “2020 Smart City 
Outstanding Contribution Award - Smart Health”.Dementia Friendly Community Website
With the vision of leading the development of a 5G Smart 
Nation, we collaborated with the Yunlin County Government 
to introduce various smart city applications, offering services 
of smart agriculture, smart flood prevention, telemedicine, 
smart emergency service, smart tourism, and smart security to 
collectively build Yunlin as the most brilliant 5G smart city in 
Taiwan.5G Smart Yunlin Website
Education
Working with Institute for Information Industry, we offered 
new co-branded programs with dual resources. In line with the 
principle of “adaptative talent development” of the Curriculum 
Guideline and the premise of “self-regulated learning” of the 
Ministry of Education, we offered five themed science camp 
activities that balanced between new technology learning 
and hands-on work tailored to students in senior high schools 
(vocational schools) and those to become the freshmen in 
universities: maker, AI, programming, network communication 
(e.g. 5G, smart living and smart manufacturing programs), and 
digital omnimedia.Science Summer Camp Website
To promote the IoT education, we offer prizes of NT$1.55 
million and organize “IoT Smart Platform Competition” in 
hopes of drawing students and creators in the society to utilize 
the IoT Platform to tap into diversified creativity to align their 
productions better with the 5G IoT industrial application. With 
that, we endeavor to introduce innovative applied services in 
different areas of 5G.IoT Smart Platform Competition Website
Entertainment
Working with Smartfun Digital Co., Ltd. in a different field, we launched 
“iListen” service that offers over 30,000 digital audio contents across 
sectors and industries as the first telecom operator that invested in 
the integrated audio content market to foster new experiences for 5G 
digital reading and listening novel to your “ears”. iListen is divided into 
Audio Book, Audio Program, and Audio News categories, in which Audio 
Program (Podcast) accounts for the majority. Anyone with carriers like 
cellphone or tablet can access and listen to an array of audio.iListen Website
We set up the state-of-the-art highly efficient base stations and expanded 
our network capacity on the site of the New Year’s Eve Party in Taoyuan. 
Meanwhile, a huge army of engineers were mobilized to provide the best 
5G communication quality for the New Year’s Eve. Also, with the high 
speed of 5G and the MEC technology, we presented the performances on 
the primary stage via the “12K immersive panoramic video” in sync on 
the secondary immersive stage for 5G premiere.Superb Experience of 5G across Space Website5G Consumer Applications
Medicine
Together with the Yuan Rung Medical System, Jorjin 
Technologies Inc., and Pingen Co., Ltd., we promoted “smart 
medical application service”. We cooperated on telemedicine 
through AR smart glasses and broadband network to avoid the 
risk of cross infection, so that physically-challenged patients 
could also access quality medical care, the medical quality 
improved and the health of our citizens safeguarded.AR Smart Glasses and Telemedicine Website
We signed the Letters of Intent with National Chiao Tung 
University and National Yang-Ming University. Combining the 
advantages of the three parties, we jointly developed 5G AIoT 
advanced smart medical service and build the future smart 
hospitals that puts patient at the center for a complete medical 
care.5G AIoT Smart Medical Application Service Website
62 63
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
IVR voice navigation and 
verification won the  
TCCDA-CSEA  
Best Intelligent Customer 
Service System Application 
Award for Outstanding 
Customer Service “Intelligent Photovoltaic 
Monitoring System”  
 won the masterpiece  
in solar photovoltaic 
innovative application 
product design contest,  
making it the only cloud 
management system 
application service that  
won the honorRecognition with  
3 gold, 5 silver,  
and 1 bronze awards  
from Taiwan Innotech ExpoTaiwan Contact Center 
Development Association 
(TCCDA)Industrial Technology 
Research Institute  
(ITRI)Taiwan External trade 
development council 
(TAITRA)
CHT’s innovative strategies to cope with this situation include enhancing the current core business, active 
research into new product development, and generate more revenue from new and innovative ICT products 
and services. Chunghwa Telecom Laboratories (CHT-TL) is a designated R&D institute that has been 
established for research into new innovative services, core technology, and visionary applications. We strive to 
explore convenient and useful services from the consumers’ perspective. Solutions are formulated through 
intricate coordination; the purpose is to find ways to “simplify tasks for consumers, and let CHT deal with the 
complexity.”
Overview of Chunghwa Telecom Laboratories in 2020
• 1,293  employees (nearly 6% of total) with 94% being R&D personnel
• The funding for R&D totaled NT$ 3.85  billion, which was 1.85 % of the consolidated operating revenue.
• The laboratories secured 184 new product/ technical patents ( 152  domestic and 32 overseas) to a total of 
2,408  (2,170  domestic and 238  overseas).  1,032  of the patents are currently in force ( 904 domestic and 128  
overseas).
Number
Ratio86
90%10
10%Doctor
Number
Ratio907
79%234
21%Master
Number
Ratio17
61%11
39%Bachelor
Number
Ratio8
29%20
71%OthersThe Telecom Laboratories Human Resources StructureEnterprise Healthcare  
System (EHS)  
the Outstanding  
Application Award  
of the Cloud Computing  
& IoT Innovation AwardsSmart self-driving  
bus monitoring and 
management system  
ITS Application Award
——
Thesis
An Architecture for Traffic 
Flow Prediction using 
Cellular-Based Vehicle Probe 
ITS Paper Award WinnerCloud Computing  
& IoT Association  
in TaiwanIntelligent 
Transportation 
Society of Taiwan
Innovative 
R&D Results 
in 202020
20
The Creative Industry Pilot
The SDGs CHT contributes 
to in this section
64 65
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Social Innovation
Environmental InnovationCHT PHR – Building a Digital Healthy Living
Air Quality Sensing IoTThe First Integrated Smart Prison in TaiwanChunghwa Telecom is committed to the innovative 5G application as“Leader in Smart Living” that 
harnesses the technology power in smart medicine to improve the efficiency in diagnosis and treatment 
for users. A user may open their access on CHT Personal Health Record (PHR) to synchronize their 
physiological data for the medical team to track, so that the medical institution may retrieve the latest 
physiological data, provide accurate health information in line with the user’s condition, and determine 
if there is a need for another hospital visit as well as help the user in clinic registration to save patient’s 
effort in traveling and waiting, which further benefits the doctors on the hospital to analyze and diagnose 
patient’s condition. In addition, the users may review their medical records and health conditions via My 
Health Bank, which elevates the care quality.
In light of the rising demands for air quality monitoring from the government agencies in these years, we 
utilized smart monitoring IoT technology and assisted the Changhua County Government to install air 
quality sensors, so as to monitor temperature, humidity, fine particulate matter (PM2.5), etc. The sensing 
data is transmitted to the air quality analysis platform in real time. With the temporal changes and relative 
positions of the sensors, it analyzes “the relative tendency of data” and “the temporal and spatial attributes 
in data” as the basis for inspection. We enhanced the smart prison management via ICT integration technology, assisting the Chiayi Detention 
Center to effectively reduce the manpower burden and improve the management efficiency and safety 
for the corrective agency, which also improved the human rights and autonomous management of the 
inmates. The five smart management highlights are as follows:
1. Two-factor Identification System: Face recognition system is combined with the QR Code to realize a rapid 
two-factor authentication while prevent impersonation.
2. Installation of Electronically monitored Smart Elevators and Passages: Managing through the dedicated 
gateway control to monitor the spaces electronically and reduce the manpower dispatched repeatedly on site.
3. License plate recognition and positioning: Identification and authorization of vehicles entering the detention 
center are conducted via AI image recognition and sensing technology to enhance the security.
4. Shopping: The inmates may purchase items and inquire the balance of their deposited amount via the kiosks 
in the detention center, which reduced the burden of the staff.
5. Medical Care: Health bracelets are issued for inmate health management, while medical staff can access and 
monitor the physiological information of inmates to reduce the likelihood of anomalies.Innovation, Creativity, Startup
We constantly encourage creativity and innovation. To convert creativity to tangible output, drive industrial 
development, and boost the future revenues of the Company, we adopted strategies of concurrent 
advancement internally and externally. In response to the digital convergence and the cultural and creative 
trend, CHT presents Digital Innovation and Application Series themed with digital living. We uncover top-notch 
innovative talents through the competitions while allow creativity to be realized so as to elevate Taiwan’s soft 
power in innovation.
The “IoT Smart Platform Competition” in 2020 established “NB-IoT 
Special Award” specifically in light of the 5G commercialization in 
order to encourage the research, development, and application in NB-
IoT . Prizes totaled NT$1.55 million were offered to fully encourage and 
discover the top-notch innovative talents in IoT .
Nearly 200 teams signed up for the competition with participants up 
to a thousand. Through the research, development, and application 
of IoT , we shall better meet the needs of smart city all around. The 
juries took creativity and completeness of works as well as their IoT 
commercialization value as the key criteria. Through the competition, 
we expected to inspire students, industries, and startups to chip in 
and demonstrate creativities in variety. Through the fusion of all sorts 
of technologies, we build seamless IoT services and aspire to unveil 
innovative services and applications in the 5G and IoT business areas.
IoT Smart Platform Competition
66 67
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
FunPark Creative Storytelling Digital Picture Book Contest
The one and only “FunPark Creative Storytelling Digital Picture Book Contest” catering to children in Taiwan 
have been organized for eight years in a row. Aside from encouraging children to dare to imagine, create, 
and perform, it also expected to allow children to pave their way of digital learning and living early, helping 
children to equip themselves with digital competencies. 
There were over 1,600 entries submitted this year. Under the guidance of the Ministry of Justice, the Best 
Performance Award was added to the Anti-drug Group. Best creative children ambassador team would be 
recruited from the Contest, which was designed to motivate these young creative teams while spicing up 
the performances in the Final. In addition, we worked with the largest publisher in the U.S., Scholastic, and 
introduced “English Reading Group” to encourage children dare to speak English and cultivate their language 
proficiency so as to bridge themselves to the world.
The MOD Microfilm Contest
An ultra-high amount of prize up to a million NTD was offered this year with the addition of “CHT VR 
Collaboration Award”. With the prizes as well as the provision of VR screening equipment and technical 
support, we aimed to fuel the creative energy of VR short film production domestically and take the microfilm 
works to a new level. With CHT HamiVideo, smart glasses, and the high speed of 5G combined, it ushered in a 
whole new experience with film watching.
There were 300 creative teams registered in 2020 with a variety of themes and rich collection of genres. In 
the end, 37 microfilms and 5 proposals of original VR microfilm were shortlisted. In light of the Dawn of the 
5G Era and to put the innovative spirit of “Lead the Future and Showcase the Creativity” in action, we further 
organized “VR Film Festival” to screen four masterpieces.
The finalist film festival this year not only put the works on screen, but also presented After-Screening Talks 
to share the creators’ thoughts and emotions with the audience. All the shortlisted entries of the microfilm 
group will be available on the MOD platform to offer these brilliant works more opportunities to shine.
68 69
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Short-term: 
Extensively recruits talents in 
5G application
——
Fosters talents and allows all 
employees to share the results 
of the operations, recruit and 
retain talent with a 3% salary 
increase
——
Make personalized high - 
quality products and services 
available to all our customers
Mid-long term:
All branches receive ISO 45001 
certification by 2021TargetT
The only Taiwanese telecom 
carrier with an established union
——
Electromagnetic wave inspection 
service
——
The first telecom carrier in Taiwan 
to receive ISO 45001 certificateResponseR
IndicatorI
Basic salary offered by 
Chunghwa Telecom is 1.3 times 
the minimum wage in TaiwanGRI
Training Hours Per Capita:  
50 hoursGRI
“Collective Agreement”  
employee coverage of 99.26%GRI
No violation of laws concerns 
personal information, health, 
safety or product labelingGRI
Chunghwa Telecom treats employees as their most important business partners. To ensure the best protection 
for the work rights of the employees, Chunghwa Telecom signs an “Employment Contract” with each 
employee and undertakes to notify them of any changes in terms of employment in compliance with the Labor 
Standards Act. Furthermore, CHT uses several different channels, including seminars and labor-management 
meetings, to maintain harmony and a mutually beneficial working relationship with employees.
We have a “Compensation Committee” in place to ensure that compensation for the best talent is 
competitive. In addition, the Company has a transparent system for sharing business performance with 
its employees. Compensation for executive management has been standardized and details are disclosed 
publicly in the annual reports. The Company offers equal compensation for all entry-level employees of 
the same grade. Those who possess relevant skills and work experience may have compensation evaluated 
based on educational background, career experience, expertise, and professional qualifications. Under no 
circumstances will compensation ever be determined by gender or racial differences.Protecting the Rights of Workers
A Competitive Compensation SystemEnsuring Employees’ Happiness
1. Average Salary in the Telecom Industry: According to the “Monthly Wage and Productivity Report, December 2020” published by the 
Directorate General of Budget, Accounting, and Statistics.
2. Base Salary of CHT: The average salary level in December 2020.2020 Base Salary in Taiwan
CHT Base Salary23,800
31,730
Average Salary in the Telecom Industry
CHT Average Salary67,976
73,000Unit: NT$The Company has specialized 
training facilities - Telecom Training 
Institute and Occupational Safety 
and Health Department in place
——
Transparent and diverse means of 
communications and grievances
——
The external third-party Certificate 
of Conformity for Code of Conduct 
(CoC) obtained
——
Established the system of self-
inspection, audit, and supervision 
for service quality
——
Launch the personal information 
management and auditor 
certification systemActionA
Ensures all employees sign a formal 
“Employment Agreement”  
duly observe the Labor Standards Act 
and other applicable laws, and calls 
for labor-management meetings  
at regular intervals
——
Accreditation of the SGS  
Qualicert service certification  
in service centerManagementM
Enhance talent recruitment  
with “5G and transition” as  
the dual-track strategy
——
Ensure employees’ work rights and 
freedom of association and implement 
communication channels to facilitate 
the exchange of opinions between the 
employer and employees
——
Provide consumers with virtually and 
physically diverse, multilateral and high-
quality service channelsStrategyS
	The	Happiness	Value	Protector
The SDGs CHT contributes 
to in this section
70 71
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Number of persons in each grade and sex salary ratio
1. All employees are Taiwanese and mainly full-time. Due to the needs of industrial management, we hire 1 contract-based employee. 
2. For all grades, basic salary is defined as the fixed salary (monthly). 
3. For all grades, average salary includes fixed salaries and variable portions (including the monthly salary, year-end bonus, bonus, etc.) 
4. Levels of all grades: Basic 0-10; Executive 11-16; Intermediate Executive 17; Senior Executive 18-22.
Under 30 Years Old
30-50 Years Old
Above 50 Years Old
Total Employees
Disabled Employees
Aboriginal Employees32
17
1
50
0
1Fixed-term
556
2,425
32
3,013
28/29
17Non-fixed Term
41
33
2
76
0
1Fixed-term
502
2,339
87
2,928
28/34
20Non-fixed TermAll employees in this subsidiary are full-time 
employees with Taiwanese citizenshipHuman Resource Structure of Honghwa 
International Subsidiary in 2020
The table includes non-fixed term contract 
personnel/non-fixed term part-time 
personnel included.Senior Executive 
and Higher
Level 18-22
Under 30 Years Old
30-50 Years Old
Over 50 Years Old
Ratio(%)
Base Salary Ratio
Average Salary Ratio0
1
30
0.15
1.07
0.880
0
4
0.02 
1
1Entry-level 
Employee
Level 0-10
Under 30 Years Old
30-50 Years Old
Over 50 Years Old
Ratio(%)
Base Salary Ratio
Average Salary Ratio892
5,678
6,387
61.9
1
1216
2,415
3,057
27.18 
1
1Intermediate 
Executive
Level 17
Under 30 Years Old
30-50 Years Old
Over 50 Years Old
Ratio(%)
Base Salary Ratio
Average Salary Ratio0
0
37
0.18
1
0.980
1
9
0.05
1
1Level 11-16
Under 30 Years Old
30-50 Years Old
Over 50 Years Old
Ratio(%)
Base Salary Ratio
Average Salary Ratio0
203
1,572
8.48 
1.03
1.020
66
362
2.04
1
1Executive
(1.03%)
(11.86%)
(16.4%)Under 30 Years Old
30-50 Years Old
Above 50 Years Old892
5,882
8,026(4.26%)
(28.1%)
(38.35%)216
2,482
3,432Unit:PersonIn 2020, CHT has more than 20 thousand employees with an average age of more than 50 years old. There 
will be more than 5 thousand employees retiring over the next 5 years, and 50% of the employees will be 
eligible for retirement over the next 10 years. Current senior management is included in this retirement tide. 
To cope with this problem, CHT is actively cultivating new talents to ensure that knowledge is passed down, 
filling the manpower gap of new generations.
Chunghwa Telecom understands that the industry competition we are facing now is not only the 
telecommunications industry, but the changing information and communication industry chain. In the 
future, the recruitment direction of talents will be based on the large-scale public recruitment method which 
focuses on various professional fields. We will adopt an external network approach to transform Chunghwa 
Telecom’s talents into an important kinetic energy for the continuous improvement of the next stage.Benefits Expense of Full-time Non-supervisory Employees
Human Resources Structure at CHT1. The number of full-time employees is calculated on a “yearly 
average” basis. The total number of employees of the year 
(including the ones on leave without pay, separated, and retired) 
is subtracted by the number of managers before calculating the 
yearly average number of employees of the year based on the 
months of pay to the employees in service in a year, instead of 
based on the number of employees at the end of a year.
2. The definition of non-supervisory employees, please refer to 
P .32-35 of the Annual Report. Item Unit 2019 2020 YoY
Full-time 
EmployeesPerson 21,473 20,957 -2.40%
Average 
SalaryNTD 
Thousand1,483 1,489 +0.40%
Median 
SalaryNTD 
Thousand1,466 1,467 +0.07%
Total Employees2020 
20,930 persons
6,130
persons
29.29%14,800
persons
70.71%New recruits rate = Number of new employees/[(Number of people 
at the beginning + number of people at the end)/2]+
45.65%
54.35%
0.00%Under 30 Years Old
30-50 Years Old
Over 50 Years Old415 persons
494 persons
0 persons3.19% of all new employeesResignation of
New Recruits 29 persons4.31% of total employeespersons 9092020 New Recruitments
1. Turnover rate (resigned+retired) =Number of turnover employees/ 
[(Number of people at the beginning + number of people at the end)/2]
2.  In 2020, there are 114 employees resigned (0.54% of all employees), and 
1,525 employees retired (7.23% of all employees)
3. The turnover rate in 2017-2019 are 4.2%, 3.97%, 5.76%-2020 Employee Turnover
0.16%
0.27%
5.87%33
57
1,2380.02%
0.09%
1.36%Under 30 Years Old
30-50 Years Old
Above 50 Years Old5
20
2867.77 % of all employeespersons turnoverNumber of employees’
1,639184
persons
20.24%725
persons
79.76%
72 73
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
We have open communication channels in place to ensure that employees needs or suggestions are heard. 
Any violation or misconduct in the workplace can be reported to the relevant department using the channels 
provided. There were 43 complaints in 2020, including behavior as disrespect of the CHT system, principles, 
administrative management, and violation of the employee code of conduct or other misconduct. There were 
no human rights related cases in 2020. 
We hold regular labor-management meetings to maintain contact between employees and the employer. 
There are 9 representatives from each side, employer and employees. The chair is held by each side in 
turn. The Chairman and President of Chunghwa Telecom engage regularly with the Chairman of the Union, 
Directors, and Supervisors in meetings, in person and by telephone. The Chairman of the Chunghwa Telecom 
Workers Union is entitled to participate in disciplinary review meetings, performance appraisals, and business 
report meetings to ensure that workers are kept up to date on Company news. In 2020, the Company held 
6 nationwide labor-management meetings during which employees and the employer were able to reach 
consensus on many issues. Meetings for the discussion of particular matters can be convened, or if any change 
to work conditions is necessary.Open Communication and Grievance Channels
The Employee Grievance Channels
• CHT intranet portal: http://eip.cht.com.tw
• Accountable department:  
Human Resource Division, Head Office (Room 503, 
No. 21-3, Section 1, Xinyi Road, Taipei City 100)
• Hotline: 0800-080998
• Fax: (02) 2357-0007
• Email: chthr@cht.com.tw
Chunghwa Telecom is committed to provision of a working environment 
with dignity and safety for employees. We implement employment 
diversity, equal pay, and impartiality in promotion opportunities, 
protecting employees from discrimination, harassment, or unfair 
treatment due to race, gender, religious belief, age, political inclination, or 
any condition thereof protected by the pertaining laws and regulations.
Chunghwa Telecom is the only telecom carrier in Taiwan with a union established. We have signed a collective 
bargaining agreement with them which covers an extensive range of issues from redundancy, reward, 
discipline, promotion to health and safety. This initiative not only complies with local laws and international 
human rights conventions, but is also a show of our commitment to the protection of employee interests. 
In addition to the union established by Chunghwa Telecom, employees have also assembled 15 other unions 
under the organization. Until February 2021, 99.26% of employees were union members. A labor director is 
appointed to sit on the Board of Directors for a worker’s representative, through whom workers can more 
freely express opinions.
Chunghwa Telecom complies with Article 16 of the group agreement about transfers. If there is a need to transfer a union member due 
to changes in the organization such as establishment, alteration, merger, and/or closure of a department, the Company will do so only 
if necessary and will respect the wishes of the member. In addition, all transfers must comply with the “Five Principles of the Labor 
Standards Act.Chunghwa Telecom places great value on human rights and gender equality. In 2020, female staff accounted 
for 29.29% of the total, and 27.84% of the managers were women. To conform to the essence of the Gender 
Equality in the Employment Act, the Company has outlined its sexual harassment prevention policy and 
established a “Complain Investigation Committee” that specializes in the handling of employee complaints 
about work-related discrimination and improper behavior. The investigation committee has 5 members, 3 of 
whom are female. Our effective control has resulted in no incident of discrimination being reported in 2020.
Chunghwa Telecom has done more than comply with the quota required by Article 38 of the Persons with 
Disabilities Rights Protection Act and have hired more than the required number. In 2020, the number of 
persons with disabilities hired was 3.49 times of the statutory quota. (quota: 210; actual hire: 733. Where a 
department or institution employs a seriously disabled person in accordance with the act, the disabled person 
shall be calculated as two.) We had 48 aboriginal employees on board in 2020. We fully respect their cultures 
and no violation of work or human rights was reported during the year.Gender Equality and Diversity
The Only Telecom Carrier in Taiwan with a UnionAboriginal 
Total
48
persons31 17Disabled 
Total
733
persons466 267
74 75
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Chunghwa Telecom has founded the Telecom Training Institute that specializes in training technical as well 
as managerial talent to gain more core competitive advantages. A Talent Development Team has also been 
established, with the President as convener, to conduct regular reviews of the planning and outcome of training. 
This is important to ensure that the training outcome is closely aligned with the operational policy to achieve a 
“seamless combination of training and practice”. It was awarded with “Certificate of Talent Quality-management 
System (TTQS) – Gold” by the Workforce Development Agency, Ministry of Labor in 2020.
To meet the needs of the organization, and the personal interest and even the personality traits of employees, the 
Telecom Training Institute provides a diversity of learning channels. These help employees develop new indepth 
professional ability as well as a renewal of their management skills to bring about growth and proper career 
development. Employees can attend training at the Telecommunication Training Institute during regular hours, in 
the evening or on holidays. The institute can also dispatch tutors to relevant business units for organized training 
sessions. The institute offers 8 learning channels: class teaching, distance education, digital learning, mobilization 
digital learning, direct-broadcast courses, external programs, on-site tutoring, and the digital library.
To provide new recruits with a general understanding of company vision, values and culture and help them 
adapt to the new criterions and work environment, the “New Recruit Counseling Guidelines for Chunghwa 
Telecom and Subordinate Institutions” was introduced in 2014 as well as a counselor system and e-Learning 
audio courses to accelerate the new employees blended into new work.Dedicated Training Units
Diverse Learning Channels
New Employee Orientation
Recruitment and Development of the New-Generation Talents
The year 2020 marked the Dawn Year of 5G, we endeavored to develop important businesses in 5G, IoT , AI, 
and cybersecurity. Formulating the golden trinity of Chunghwa Telecom, “Innovation First, Technology First, 
Talent First”, we built the stage for youth to shine, fostering the values of ONE CHT .
• Recruiting professional talent in ICT , AIoT , 5G application, technology innovation, and other new business 
opportunities.
• The nurturing of the next-generation talent: The Company introduces new talent-training programs on 
a yearly basis. It provides employees with professional and diverse training options, and certifies the 
development of skill.
• Emerging businesses: new ICT technologies are being infused with knowledge from other fields. The 
Company will focus on training professionals who can adapt and apply their knowledge across several 
different fields of expertise such as cloud computing, big data, and product packaging to actual practices.Chunghwa Telecom Telecommunication Training InstituteFocusing on Employee Training and Development
Our fundamental business focus is “core competitiveness, professionalism, efficiency, and touched service”, 
and we seek to develop innovative talent through a combination of internal and external training.
We have a comprehensive training system to assist employee development in all dimensions. The system 
starts with the incorporation of “needs analysis” and “in-depth planning”, and is followed by performance 
assessment and review after the program ends. This systematic approach enhances professional skill and 
work efficiency, and helps the Company improve its coordination of human resources. Also, it is connected 
with the operational benefits of the Company.
Human Resource Development Strategies
The Chunghwa Telecom Training Institute has devised human resource development strategies based on 
business focus and talent requirements.
Digital Classroom
Chunghwa Telecom has introduced an online 
learning social network (the Digital Classroom) 
with an e-Learning approach quite unlike that 
of conventional classroom teaching. In this new 
learning social network where users may share 
and transfer knowledge at a lower cost, and with 
a far better yield of good results. The broadband 
installation college, for example, is a platform where 
information such as technical documents, cases, 
video tutorials, and technical discussions can be 
exchanged and learned.Online Broadcast
Online broadcasts can be used to teach topics 
related to specific work. They are delivered over 
the internal UC platform, and offer employees a 
fast and convenient way to gain knowledge and 
observe new trends. Online broadcasts transmit 
the experiences of experts to all employees without 
limit and boost business growth. The topics in 2020 
included core business, ICT extended business, 
business in the new field and new knowledge of 
management and health care. There were 227 
classes with 12,989 person-times.
Results
1. Provide international public cloud certification training
In line with the corporate cloud strategy, training and certification mentoring for AWS, Azure, and GCP 
certificates were organized in 2020 to facilitate different institutes to acquire a total of 279 international 
public cloud certificates.
2. Improve management capacity
Manager management seminar was organized to effectively resolve management issues and promote 
business development and profit the revenue growths. Quality of communication was enhanced in the 
seminar to promptly respond to clients’ pain points and accurately promote the focused businesses of 
Chunghwa Telecom. A total of 357 senior managers participated in 2020.
3. New business potentials
• In light of the Dawn Year of 5G Commercialization, there came a huge demand for 5G constructions, 
maintenance, and promotion for relevant personnel trainings. The base station installation and settings 
certification programs were organized with 19 staff certified, while a series of 5G technology programs 
and programs for corporate client applications were organized with 6,088 person-times trained, so as to 
prepare the talents required for 5G development.
• 31 important professional seminars were organized with 3,309 participants, including seminars 
respectively on 5G wireless technology, IoT development trend and service application, and big data 
application, etc. Courses of photovoltaic technical training series, business promotion, planning and 
design, construction and maintenance manpower are totaling 16 classes and 181 person-times.Government-industry-university institute platform
Innovation and BenefitsAlignment of training and business development
Alignment of training targets and courses
Mobilization of digital learning
76 77
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Health and Safety Management
Chunghwa Telecom was the first telecom service provider in Taiwan to adopt the OHSAS 18000 Occupational 
Health and Safety Management System. In response to the renaming and migration from OHSAS 18001 to ISO 
45001, as of the end of 2020, the total of 26 branches completed the certification of ISO 45001. It is scheduled 
to complete the migration to ISO 45001 certification throughout the branches by 2021.  We shall better our 
objectives in workplace safety and health management, “ongoing improvement in safety and health facilities; 
establishment of a safe, healthy, comfortable, and friendly working environment; reduction of work-related 
accidents”.
In addition to identifying hazards and assessing the risks associated with telecom operations, the Company 
has also applied restrictions and enhanced risk control for high-risk tasks, while taking effective precautions 
to reduce occupational hazards. In addition to complying with safety and health regulations, the Company has 
also been active in the improvement of the current work environment and takes regular action with regard to 
safety and health facilities and measures.
We take part in all government initiatives and actively promote a healthy workplace. 3 divisions within the 
Company have received awards under the “National Workplace Safety and Health Campaign” organized by 
the Health Promotion Administration, Ministry of Health and Welfare.
Follow the Safety and Health 
Regulations and Enforce Self-
Management
Implement Hazard Identification and 
Enforce Risk Control
Strengthen both Mental and Physical 
Health Services
Encourage Participation through Open 
Communication and Consultation
Continue the Improvement of Equipment 
and Create a Quality Work Place
Conduct Safety Training Programs to 
Raise Safety AwarenessMore information about GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety DisclosureChunghwa Telecom now applies “Employees Performance Evaluation Guidelines” which are used in 
the appraisal of employee performance to develop the corporate culture where employees, customers, 
shareholders, and the Company will all be winners. Supervision will be provided for underperforming 
employees who will be guided until the appropriate improvement has been made and they are back on track.
CHT conducts performance appraisal at two levels: general staffs and senior managers. Performance appraisal 
involves a series of face-to-face discussions between employees and line managers at the beginning of a year 
to set personal goals, and also at mid-year and years end to evaluate the degree of employee contribution to 
the Company. Performance bonuses and employee remuneration are tied to individual performance. 
In addition to linking employees’ salary bonus to their annual performance, CHT has established a reward of 
senior employees, which is payable on a one-year deferred basis and apply to all employees, provided that the 
employee has a certain standard of continuous service and recent performance appraisal results.
Chunghwa Telecom is dedicated to providing employees with a diverse learning environment. In 2020, 
Chunghwa Telecom training expenses exceeded NT$493 million and employee training sessions totaled 1,045 
thousand hours. We encourage employees to commit themselves to long-term learning. Subsidies were given 
to 329 employees in 2020 and the Company compensation amounted to NT$6.05 million.Fair Evaluation
Nurturing of Professional Talents
In line with the Company’s policy of austerity, the total training expense in 2020 was lower compared to that of 2019. Nevertheless, the 
total training hours and the training hours per capita increased to meet the trainings for important businesses like the Dawn Year of 5G.Item 2018 2019 2020
Total Training Expense (NT$thousand) 502,370 497,901 493,000
Training Per Capita (NT$) 22,707 22,938 23,555
Total Training Hours 908,316 961,234 1,045,267
Training Hours Per Capita 41 44 50
Since 2011, we have carried out annual “Chunghwa 
Telecom Happiness at Work Surveys” on an anonymous 
basis. This helps us to understand how employees feel 
about their work and their working status, and are used 
as a reference for the improvement of management. 
The survey topics include individual opinions about 
the working environment, welfare and corporate 
transformation. By listening to the opinions of the 
employee, we get to understand their feelings and 
expectations.
The 2020 “Happiness at Work” survey is in a hundred-
mark system. In total, 4,698 questionnaires were 
returned (23% response rate), 4,431 of which were 
determined to be valid (94%). The average score of 
“Happiness at Work” is 82, and the average score of 
“Employee Engagement”is 90. We will continue these 
surveys and respond to employee opinions.The Happiness at Work Survey
78 79
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Health Promotions for Senior Employees 
The health checkups for the elderly in 2020 promoted autonomous health management actions from inside 
out. Apart from physical exercise, the support system among friends was established through the activities.
1. Health checkups: The Company provided checkup services specifically targeted at senior employees, 
including carotid duplex and echocardiography for the risk of ischemic stroke, coronary artery narrowing 
and incomplete heart valve closure, as well as fundus photography for checking macular degeneration, 
retinal vessels and glaucoma.
2. Health promotion lectures: Dr. Chen Wei-Ling from Ministry of Health and Welfare Pingtung Hospital was 
invited to talk on “The Health in Female Climacteric States” to exercise health checkup and prevention 
while reduce hazards of diseases; Dr. Lin Yi-Jun from the Renai Branch of Taipei City Hospital was invited 
to talk on “Learn about Dementia and the Care” to understand dementia and thus support those with 
dementia and their families; the counseling psychologist Liu Su-Feng was invited to talk on “The Physical 
and Psychological Health of the Middle-aged and Older Workers” to share the roles of the middle-
aged and older individuals and their physical and psychological changes; Dr. Hsin-Ying Lin from Taiwan 
Adventist Hospital to talk on “Introduction to and Care for Common Musculoskeletal and Joint Diseases” 
to share how to adjust the sitting postures to avoid physical discomfort.
There is Labor Safety and Health Committee at all levels of institutions in CHT , the average proportion of labor 
representatives is 34%. Meetings are held quarterly to deliberate, coordinate and make suggestions on labor safety and 
health issues. There is also Labor Safety and Health Department, which is responsible for the planning and implementation 
of labor safety and health matters.
The head office’s Labor Safety and Health Committee has 29 members, 10 members are from the labor union, accounting 
for 34%. 4 meetings were held in 2020 and 8 proposals were presented by the labor representatives, 6 were related to the 
refinement of safety and health management, and 2 were related to employee benefits. All of the above are solved.
To better provide immediate medical assistance and attend to worker health, we engaged 22 full-time nurses 
and contracted 20 physicians in 2020 for this specific purpose. Also, we set up health service centers at ten 
locations, including the Xinyi Campus (Yilan and Hualien included), Aiguo Campus, Daan Campus (Keelung 
included), Guoguang Campus (TTI included), Taoyuan Branch, CHT-TL (Hsinchu and Miaoli included), Taichung 
Branch, Taichung Branch of the Mobile Business Group (Nantou included), Changhua Branch (Yunlin included), 
as well as Linsen Campus (Pingtung and Taitung included), offering health services, consultation, and care.
The contracted doctors help with the on-site inspection at the offices, offer advice in line with human factors 
engineering for employees using computers at work, and adjust the heights of computers and chairs. The 
procurement of office equipment, besides in conformity to “the materials technical specifications” of the 
Company, is in compliance with the National Standards of the Republic of China (CNS). Also, we conduct 
monitoring and keep records of the temperature, humidity, illuminance, noises, indoor air quality (CO 2) in 
the working environments for our employees in order to ensure the comfortability and safety of working 
environments. All the monitoring results in 2020 were in line with the regulations.
The Company has deployed 6 i-med Systems at local customer centers for employees involved in high-risk 
activities. Blood pressure is measured and employees are given careful health checks before they engage in 
any high-risk work. Also, we deployed 10 sets of workplace health management physiological (blood pressure) 
measurement system in our facilities. Combined with our “Enterprise Healthcare System (EHS) and Personal 
Health Record”, our employees can monitor the changes in their blood pressure anytime.The Dedicated Occupational Health and Safety Management Unit
Full-Time Physicians and Nurses to Improve Employee’s Health Management
National Fitness Program
In 2020, the Sports Administration of the Ministry of Education cooperate with Global Views Monthly to 
organize National Fitness Program, 100 employees from CHT Xinyi Park signed up to learn more about 
fitness. The program included body measurements (height, weight, waist line, hip line, muscle mass, body 
fat, protein/mineral levels, and degree of obesity), muscle strength training (grips), flexibility training (forward 
flexion exercise), and cardiorespiratory fitness (knee-ups), designed to help employees learn more about 
their health and absorb new knowledge about sports.
80 81
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
1.  Number of hours worked: 8 hr*number of people *number of working days
2.  Fatalities as a result of work-related injury rate =(Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury / Number 
of hours worked)× 1,000,000
3.  High-consequence work-related injuries rate (disabled for more than 6 months)=(Number of high-consequence 
work-related injuries / Number of hours worked)× 1,000,000
4.  Recordable work-related injuries rate =(Number of recordable work-related injuries / Number of hours 
worked)× 1,000,000
5.  Definition of On-site Contractors: individuals or organizations that work on the operation sites of Chunghwa 
Telecom.
6.  The main types of work-related ill health: trip, fall, and traffic accidents.
7.  Traffic accidents during commute is excluded.
8. One fatality as the result of work-related injury at Chunghwa Telecom in 2020, who passed away in coma at 
work due to cardiogenic shock.Workers CHT On-site Contractors
Number of hours worked 
(hr)41,860,000 11,934,360
Number of fatalities as 
a result of work-related 
injury (person)1 0 1 0 0 0
Fatalities as a result of 
work-related injury rate 
(%)0.02 0 0.02 0 0 0
Number of recordable 
work-related injuries 
(person)33 7 40 11 9 20
Recordable work-related 
injuries rate (%)0.79 0.17 0.96 0.92 0.75 1.68Table of Work-related Injuries and Illnesses of  
Employees and Non-employees in 2020
Total
FemaleMaleThe Chunghwa Telecom Work Accident Guidelines 
contain detailed procedures for assessing occupational 
illness. Employees suspected of having become ill as a 
result of their occupation are assisted with an application 
for verification at the local municipal/county/city 
authority, in accordance with the Protecting Workers 
from Occupational Accidents Act. We manage risks at the 
source, by making sure that construction risks are under 
control from the early design stages of a project. The line 
construction management system has been amended 
with respect to highlighting high-risk operations as well 
as risk assessment information to ensure operators are 
able to identify potential risk in advance.
All high-risk operations are subject to approval by the 
ICT . Workers are also required to take site pictures with 
handheld devices and upload them to the monitoring 
system so that precautionary measures can be identified 
and taken to prevent such accidents as falls, oxygen 
deprivation, etc. To promote employee awareness 
and safety and health skills, we organized 124 training 
sessions in 2020 and there were 7,570 enrollments. 
Among which, the enrollment for first aider training is 
614 with a total of 11,052 hours, and that for AED training 
of Taipei City is 307 with a total of 614 hours.Reducing Occupational Hazards
The “eSafe Wizard” App
As part of our effort to mobilize management, the 
eSafe Wizard app allows employees and contractors 
to report safety violations, and apply for operation 
permits. The app also allows us to remotely perform 
spot checks on safety compliance, moving the entire 
management process onto the cloud. It is completely 
paperless, instantaneous, and highly effective. 
Through the eSafe Wizard app, the completion rate 
of permit applications for operations (hot work, 
work aloft, scaffolding, power or fire protection 
interrupted) hit 97.8% while that of hazard 
notification reached 99.9% in 2020.
The app eSafe Wizard was awarded with the Taipei 
City Labor Safety Award - Work Safety Creative 
Award from the Department of Labor, Taipei City 
Government. Starting from 2017, the app has been 
promoted for all institutions of Chunghwa Telecom as 
well as Taiwan Railways Administration and Taiwan 
Power Company to introduce the mobilized safety 
and health management with our technological 
resources sharing.
82 83
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Item 2020 Contributions Item 2020 Contributions
Health 
Examination of 
Employees and 
Dependents• The Company offers much better care than required by law and employees are given the choice of various 
health checkup packages. A total of 20,428  employees had checkups in 2020.
• Family members are also entitled to checkups at the same rate, and a total of 3,276  persons participated in 
2020.Healthy 
Workplace• The noise level, lighting, temperature, humidity and air quality of our offices is tested regularly. The offices are 
also cleaned and maintained on a regular basis to ensure workers have a comfortable working environment.
• Furthermore, all offices feature ergonomic chairs, natural ventilation, indoor plants and other elements of a 
healthy work environment provided.
Free Influenza 
Vaccination• Free influenza vaccination is available for all employees who fit the requirements for vaccination at public 
expense. Registration can be done online and 1,171  employees were vaccinated.Employee 
Cafeteria• Our employee cafeteria offers a diverse range of nutritionally balanced meals to choose from.
•  All food suppliers are subjected to rigorous review to ensure the safety of food served to our employees.
Employee 
Assistance 
Program (EAP)• CHT was one of the largest corporations in Taiwan to start promoting the Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 
since 2007.
• The EAP carries out 5 consultation sessions each year, in which outside experts are contracted to help 
employees resolve their legal, medical, family, workplace, and stress problems.
• Case managers made 19 visits and completed 480 service sessions in 2020.Balancing Work 
and Life• Chunghwa Telecom has 30 hostels that provide travel accommodation, encouraging employees to achieve a 
balance between work and life.
Employee Health 
Service• Provide employees health consultation via online or phone appointment. Physicians visited the plants 34 
times a month. Sessions were for 3 hours and each patient was allocated 30 minutes.
• Healthcare personnel use the Employee Health Management System for the analysis and evaluation of health 
records. Where necessary, extra consultations can be arranged between the physicians and the employees for 
proper guidance and healthcare.Flexible Working 
Hours• Chunghwa Telecom provides two flexible working hour sessions in the morning and afternoon: 8:00-9:00 and 
17:00-18:00.
Thirty-minute medical 
consultation with a physician  
 (30 minutes / per person)On-site visits by physicians Consultation with a nurse
Telecommuting• Call Forwarding: calls forwarded from office phones
• Instant Messaging: reporting via Qmi instant message apps
• Mail Delivery: mail delivery via Web mail
• Video Conferencing: using UC, hiVideo, or Teams
• OA Online Administrative Operation: using HiGate for telecommuting or mobilized administrative services on 
cellphones2,385 407 10,485
Employee Health 
Promotion• A total of 10,398 employees participated in  151 health seminars.  10,950  employees attended 71 educational 
trips. Health examinations were given to  877  employees in 12 sessions and  21,811  employees participated in 
316  large-scale events.
• The Company published two health-related articles each month about the concept of disease prevention.Epidemic 
Prevention Leave• During the 2020 COVID-19 epidemic prevention period, 75 employees granted with epidemic prevention leave 
for home quarantine, totaled 3,139  hours.
• The “epidemic prevention childcare leave” is available without pay and would not affect the full attendance 
and bonus, nor did it count as personal leave/sick leave. 124  employees applied for such leave with a total of 
3,798  leave hours.CHT considers its employees health to be a valuable company asset. Providing a safe and healthy workplace is 
a basic requirement to our employees. Apart from a wide range of benefits, including health checkup, keynote 
speeches, and promotional activities, we also commit ourselves in the promotion of sports in workplace and 
in the support to sports industry. In 2020, we spent NT$76,915 thousand on employee health care.Heath Promotion Activities
84 85
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Welfare is provided for employees of Chunghwa Telecom, but not for those of subsidiaries.Item Activities and DescriptionNumber of 
Participant / 
BeneficiariesContribution / 
Supplement
Maternity 
Allowance 
(Company 
Issued)We offer a 6-month maternity allowance in compliance with 
the Employment Insurance Act. CHT also offers additional 
monthly allowances totaling half the sum assured under the 
Labor Insurance Scheme.116  personsNT$ 13,705
Thousand
Childcare 
Allowance 
(Company 
Issued)Employees with children aged 0 - 6 years old will automatically 
receive childcare allowance of NT$5,000 per year. It is raised to 
NT$6,000 per year since September.2,523  personsNT$ 14,668
Thousand
Sports ActivityRegional activities include 90 road running events, 383 hiking 
activities, 79 ball sports activities and 946 other activities (e.g. 
stair-climbing, health exercise, strolling, and health promotion 
lectures).58 thousand 
personsNT$ 11,543
Thousand
ESOTImprovement of employee welfare, enhancement of employee 
coherence, and sharing company achievements.17,913 personsNT$ 2.4 
Thousand/month 
per person
Dependent 
Education 
SubsidyTwice a year (two semesters). 17,953  personsNT$ 80,786
Thousand
Wedding 
SubsidyA wedding subsidy is available for employees who are to be 
lawfully married.187  personsNT$ 467.5
Thousand
Childbirth 
SubsidyEmployees or their spouses are eligible for a childbirth subsidy. 374 personsNT$ 935
Thousand
Funeral 
SubsidyA funeral subsidy is available in the event of the death of a 
parent, foster parent, step-parent, the spouse or a child of an 
employee.677  personsNT$ 3,385
Thousand 
Recreation and 
Sports SpaceIncludes an integrated stadium, swimming pool, tennis, 
badminton, basketball, and table tennis courts, multifunctional 
event space, karaoke room, and employee dormitories.Total 13,103  square metersBuilding a Happy Business
CHT regards employees as important assets. We offer a commitment 
to our employees refrain from making layoffs and salary reductions. 
This means employees can devote themselves fully to boosting 
performance at work to create more value for themselves and the 
Company. In response to the government’s policy to boost birth 
rates, CHT is providing childcare subsidies and maternity benefits 
to young employees with children aged 0-6 years old. We are 
committed to building through software and hardware resources, 
expecting to set up workplace childcare support centers in Taipei 
City, New Taipei City, Taoyuan City, Taichung City, Tainan City, and 
Kaohsiung City that are scheduled to open in August 2022 to provide 
education and care services for the children and grandchildren of 
employees and create a friendly workplace, so that employees can 
be confident in their work, creating higher value for individuals and 
businesses, and build a healthy and secure business.
Leaves Better 
than the Statutory 
Requirements
Marriage 8 days 14 days
Sick Leave Half salary Full salaryPrecancy Checkup Leave 5 days 8 days
Menstrual Leave Half salary Full salary
Miscarrage Leave No pay Full salaryFuneral -Better than the statutory 
requirement for certain kinMaternity Leave8 weeks
regular leave, rest day,  
and national holiday included42 days  
regular leave, rest day,  
and national holiday not includedPersonal Leave No pay5 days of personal  
leave with pay
Labor  
Standards
Act
Annual Leave• Employment years
• Employment years
• Employment years7
10
15:
:
:21
28
30days
days
days• Employment years
• Employment years
• Employment years7
10
1515
16
21:
:
:days
days
days
86 87
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Employee requests for retirement are processed in accordance with the Chunghwa Telecom Employee 
Retirement Pension and Separation Guidelines, the Labor Standards Act, and the Labor Pensions Act.
• The Labor Standards Act: The Company makes monthly pension contributions of up to 15% of an 
employees’ monthly salary to the pension fund. This fund is held under the auspices of the Labor Pension 
Supervisory Committee. The current balance of the pension fund account is 39.2 billion.
• The Labor Pension Act: The Company makes monthly contributions of no less than 6% of an employees 
monthly salary. These contributions are deposited in the employees pension account held by the Bureau of 
Labor Insurance of the Ministry of Labor, in accordance with the Contribution Rate Sheet approved by the 
Executive Yuan.Retirement Benefits
To help our employees to adapt and create quality lives after retirement, Chunghwa Telecom Training Institute 
was commissioned to organize “Care Program for Retirees’ Sweet, Happy Lives”. A total of 12 sessions were 
organized with 748 person-times involved in 2020. Also, we continued to contribute to “Chunghwa Telecom 
Retirees Association” with an amount of NT$4.5 million to support them to organize relevant activities. We 
also donated NT$1.5 million for travel activities and NT$300,000 for the meal expenses of all volunteers across 
branches during the Lunar New Year.
To help facilitate the transfer of knowledge and experience, we have stipulated “Consultant Recruitment 
Guidelines” to hire paid consultants and honorary consultants. Managers at a position of Senior Executive 
Vice President or above, or the head of Level-1 institutions, may be hired by Chunghwa Telecom as paid 
consultants after retirement. Paid consultants shall serve a term of no more than one year, and assume 
honorary consultants upon the day after one-year period has expired.Lifelong Learning and Training ProgramsMonthly pension contributions were made in accordance with the Monthly Contribution Wages Classification Scheme published by the 
Ministry of Labor, subject to biannual adjustments.
We have been implementing an unpaid childcare leave system since 2006 to help employees juggle their 
attention between work and family. The employees who have taken childcare leave are entitled to receive a six 
months maternity allowance from the authority under the Employment Insurance Act.  While six months expiry, 
the Company will further pay an additional childcare-subsidy of half assurance sum of Labor Insurance Scheme 
according to its policy. Employees of Chunghwa Telecom are also entitled to other privileges such as family care 
leave, paternity leave, menstrual leave, and a nursery room service, as well as epidemic prevention childcare 
leave pursuant to the government’s epidemic prevention policy. In 2020, 71 employees applied for unpaid child-
care leave; 116 employees applied for child-care leave allowances. NT$13,705 thousand was paid out as child-
care leave allowances.Better Maternity Benefits than the Legal Requisites
1. The number of employees entitled to apply for a parental leave of absence in 2020 (A):  
calculated as employees who had applied for maternity leave and parental leave in 2018-2020.
2. The number of expected reinstatements 2020 (C):  
The number of employees who applied from 2018 to 2020 and should be reinstated in 2019.
3. The number of actual reinstatements 2020 (D):  
The number of employees who applied from 2018 to 2020 and were reinstated in 2020.
4. Reinstatement rate:  
(actual number of reinstated employees that year/number of employees who should have been reinstated that year) × 100%
5. Retention rate:  
 (the number who continued working after reinstatement/reinstated number for the previous year) × 100%
Year Item Total
2020The Number Qualified for UPL for Raising Children 2020(A) 852 369 1,221
Number of Applications for UPL 2020 (B) 9 62 71
Application Rate for UPL (B/A) 1.1% 16.8% 5.8%
Number of Expected Reinstatement 2020 (C) 11 69 80
Number of Applications for Reinstatement 2020 (D) 12 66 78
Reinstatement 2020 (D/C) 109% 95.7% 97.5%
2019Number of Reinstatement 2019 (E) 18 61 79
One Year Retention after Reinstatement 2019 (F) 18 61 79
Retention Rate 2019 (F/E) 100% 100% 100%
88 89
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Due to the nature of our industry, in addition to establishing information security management applicable to 
the enterprise operation, we also implement measures to safeguard our customers’ personal information. We 
implemented information security in compliance with the international standards ISO 27001 and BS 10012 and carried 
out regular supplier auditing and supervision through employees or a third party. We also carried out vulnerability 
scanning and the testing of all equipment and software from outside suppliers to ensure there were no back-doors or 
malware. 
Besides acquiring the customer’s agreement before the collection of any personal information, we established 
the internal Security and Safety Principle of Customer Information Re-use. Related information also complies with 
the principle of no names are revealed to prevent the downloading of personal information and avoid leakage or 
disclosure.
To prevent damage from the products or services to stakeholders, the measured values such as that of environmental 
electromagnetic wave should be in line with the“recommended non-ionizing radiation exposure limits for the general 
public in non-occupational environments” released by the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation 
Protection (ICNIRP). Citizens may apply for the free base station electromagnetic wave measuring service to reduce 
the concerns in health and safety of the people in communities.Customer 
Human 
RightsCHT is creating a free and open information sharing environment without technological boundaries that can be 
shared with everyone. Such a system inherits culture, extends education, promotes industry, and upgrading art with a 
connection to the universe of the Internet. Digital technology can be beneficial to everyone irrespective of age, social 
standing, wealth, geographical location, or education.
We base our approach on the characteristics of the ICT industry and the spirit of “where the value is where the 
responsibility lies” in our work with the communities in Taiwan. Our main objective is to minimize the digital divide 
and create digital opportunities, CHT watches the trends of this digital divide and offer solutions that facilitate social 
innovation and digital inclusion. We spare no effort in corporate volunteer, participate in community services, and 
proactively assist communities in the creation of digital opportunities. Information
EqualitySubjects of  
the Value ChainLocation / 
AmountEvaluation  
MechanismEvaluation 
PercentagePercentage 
at RiskDescription /  
Boosting Mechanism
CHT owned 
institutes at  
1 to 2 lower levels28• Labor-management meeting
• Collective agreement
• Workers’ Union meeting
• Annual human rights event inspection100 %
1.6%• Labor-management meeting
• Collective agreement
• Workers’ Union meeting
• Annual human rights event inspection
Subsidiaries 21 Annual CSR implementation inspection 100 %
Re-investment  
Companies16 Annual CSR implementation inspection 100 % 2.5%Some institutes were in violation of regulations. Suggestions 
for improvement have been provided and will be tracked and 
managed continuously.
Upstream and  
Downstream  
SuppliersTier 1 2,078
• CSR survey inventory
• CSR second party audit
• Occupational health and 
safety audit100 % 0%• Some suppliers had violated the labor laws and regulations.
• Continue to follow-up of suppliers with identified risk to see if 
improvements have been made through Supplier Conference 
and other channels.Critical  
Tier 1192
Critical  
Tier 228
The PublicAll 
consumers• Diverse compliant channels (including 
discrimination and harassment)
• Satisfaction survey
• Personal information and privacy protection 
inspection
• Minority group service mechanism100 % 0%• No discrimination or harassment, or any invasion of CHT 
customer privacy or misuse of personal information in 2020.
• Continue to promote the 5I SDGs Initiative to ensure 
information equality among the groups.
Human Rights Material Risk IssuesHuman Rights Value Protection
We proactively monitor and protect human rights. We respond to the UN 
Declaration of Human Rights and the ILO Convention on the elimination 
of all forms of discrimination and the prohibition of forced and child 
labor. We also respond to the UN International Covenant on Civil and 
Political Rights and the International Covenant on Economic, Social, 
and Cultural Rights, dedicating to promote human rights awareness and 
assure respect and fair treatment to all stakeholders.
CHT is a member of the International Telecom Union and we fully 
comply with International Radio Regulations. The regulation concerning: 
freedom of communication, transparency in global roaming charges 
and competition, support of Telecoms in developing nations, telecom 
services for persons with disabilities and the freedom of speech over 
telecom networks. In addition, we support the UN Guiding Principles 
on Business and Human Rights by conducting a human rights due 
diligence investigation and make sure that each human rights issue in 
the operational value chain is evaluated and we maintain all risk at a 
minimum level.
Human rights issues include anti-discrimination, gender equality, freedom of association, 
collective bargaining, child labor, forced or compulsory labor, and aboriginal rights.
To fulfill the concept of anti-forced labor and appropriate working environment, we required the bidders to sign a 
Declaration of Minerals as Conflict-Free during procurement. We evaluated the suppliers to determine if raw materials 
derived from human rights high-risk areas like the Democratic Republic of the Congo to avoid harm to the basic 
human rights of local residents while we providing ICT products and services. We depend on demand and require the 
suppliers to provide certification of material resources, third-party verification or accepted auditing to confirm no 
related violations.
We also required that all suppliers complied with the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive (RoHS) to prevent 
hazardous substances from the source endangering local employees, the environment or customers.Local 
Human 
Rights
We use the Occupational Health and Safety Management System (OHSAS 18000/ISO 45001) to avoid potential risk 
and have systematically fulfilled employee safety and health management. In addition to compliance with the safety 
and health-related regulations toward high-risk tasks, we have also enhanced risk control. We continue to improve 
the working environment and act in regards to safety and health facilities and measures to actively ensure employee 
protection.
Sometimes customer service personnel encounter irrational requests and even personal abuse from customers in 
the provision of our services. We established an SOP for employee response and acted at a critical level in certain 
circumstances. Legal assistance can be authorized to aid in the event of serious offenses and to prevent illegal 
practices. CHT adopted the ISO 10002 quality management system in 2011 and have a certified and flawless customer 
service procedure and management mechanism in place. We regularly offer pertinent training courses in customer 
relations, the management of emotional stress, and occupational hazard prevention. While building up professional 
capability, we positively avoid pressure to mental and physical health problems on customer service personnel.Employment
Human
Rights
90 91
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
In 2018, telecom combinative stores were established in Zhongli, Miaoli 
and Hsinchu, including cafe, 3C and an experimental display. The green 
stores capabilities were also developed and energy-saving household 
appliances such as electric scooter, TV, refrigerators, and air purifiers, 
promoting green business development and offering customers the one-
stop shopping and whole-new store service experience.Green Services with Environmental Protection and Innovation Combined
Category Description
Customer 
service KiosksThese serve as the “Database” for business and 
engineering-related information. When new 
information is received, it will be verified according 
to an SOP . Afterward, an FAQ will be further drafted 
and uploaded to the customer information station 
for use by the Chunghwa Telecom customer service 
personnel (at service outlets and call centers) and 
the Internet counter.
Consumer 
HotlineProvides complete information on the features of 
products and services, and related special offers.Safeguarding Consumer Rights and Interests
We provide a handbook about products and services 
for consumers that details product characteristics 
and applications, consider the negative aspect of 
overuse, and has friendly reminders provided while 
marketing. In addition, Chunghwa Telecom has set up 
the “Channel Sale Items Management Guideline” and 
“Channel Sales Items Management Implementation 
Procedures” to make the display of sales items and 
operation management consistent throughout all 
the service and business locations. This ensures a 
positive service environment for consumers. These 
are vital for maintaining a superior and professional 
image as well as the service quality at Chunghwa 
Telecom. No violations of health and safety and 
product labeling was reported in 2020.Chunghwa Telecom values consumers opinion. In addition to conveying technical features of the products 
and services we offer; we look at the matter from the point of view of the consumer. We provide consumers 
with the most comprehensive, high quality and efficient services putting a wide and diverse range of service 
channels at their disposal. By the end of 2020, we had 455 direct physical channel service stores, and 245 
franchised stores, a total of 700 service outlets that provide convenient services for all consumers in cities, or 
even in remote areas in Taiwan.Digital Transformation of Diverse Virtual and Physical Channel Services
Ethical Marketing and Information 
Transparency and Friendliness
92 93
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
We have implemented the notification, response, and improvement mechanism and its related operation 
procedures for privacy data breach incidents. Upon detection of potential privacy incident, it is required to 
complete the reporting in accordance with the report window list. In the event of major incident, it will be 
escalated to the Cyber Security Department at the Headquarters and the CISO, while a response team will be 
formed within a specified window to enact emergency response.
Upon the privacy incident verified, the Company shall conduct incident investigation and analysis to find the 
root case, define scope of damage, preservation of relevant evidence, while take emergency response measures. 
We monitor the changes in public opinions and client grievance, learn about the personal data illegally collected, 
processed, or used in the incident, prevent further damage, and notify parties affected and the competent 
authorities. Where the incident causes damage to clients’ rights, Chunghwa Telecom will provide compensation 
or legal support to the parties involved to assist and protect our clients’ rights to the best of our ability.
There were 8 complaints over “alleged information breach cases” filed via the customer hotline in 2020, of which 
1 was notified by the National Communications Commission (NCC) and 7 submitted via the customer service 
hotline (4 more cases compared with those in 2019, accounting for 0.000018% of the customer hotline service 
provided of the year). All the cases were investigated and verified that there had not been any fact of personal 
data and privacy breach.Regarding personal data and privacy protection issues, we have personnel trained in Personal Data Protection 
Act to provide professional consulting and grievance channels to our customers.
Should customers find their personal data and privacy use issues unresolved 
within 30 days, they could also reach us through:Grievance Hotline: + 886 800 080 090
Suggestion Mailbox:  https://www.cht.com.tw/zh-tw/home/cht/service/emailus
Recipient:  Chief Information Security Officer, Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd.
Address: No. 21-3, Section 1, Xinyi Road, Zhongzheng District, Taipei City 100, 
Taiwan (R.O.C.)
Phone:  +886 2 2344 6789The personal data and privacy risks management mechanism of Chunghwa Telecom is based on the 
identification of risks brought by threats, internally and externally, to the organizational operations and 
businesses, including changes in the laws and regulations and international standards, requirements of the 
competent authorities, trends of cybersecurity threats, and check results. It inventories significant risk issues 
of the year, followed by the analysis of the impact levels and likelihood of risks, evaluation of the priority for 
risk handling, formulation of objectives and measures for risk handling, and regular review and evaluation of 
indicators attainment.Personal Data and Privacy Risk Management
Personal Data and Privacy Protection Consultation and Grievance Channel
For more information on the cybersecurity and personal data and privacy protection of Chunghwa Telecom, please visit our websitedata. Also, we conduct comprehensive trainings for internal personnel regarding personal privacy protection 
in line with the requirements of the competent authority in order to protect customers’ privacy.
We continue to improve our operational procedures, elevate our information technology, ensure 
implementation of personal privacy protection and security measures across all elements in operations, track 
the results of various performance indicators regularly, and have audits internally and externally annually as 
well as pass inspections of competent authorities and third-party certifications (ISO 27001 / ISO 27011 / BS 
10012 / CSA STAR Certification remain effective), so as to offer consumers best cybersecurity and personal/
private data protection.
We highly value the personal data and privacy rights of our customers. The collection, processing, use, and 
protection of personal data and privacy are conducted within the scope allowed in the “Privacy Protection 
Policy”, “Personal Data Collection Notice” of respective businesses as well as relevant provisions in “Personal 
Data Protection Act”. Personal data and privacy shall not be disclosed to a third party by means of exchange, 
lease, or others at will. 
Pursuant to the laws and regulations as well as international standards, we established rigorous personal data 
and privacy protection management mechanism, carry out risk assessment prior to business promotion, and 
construct strict protective measures and safe environments to avoid stole, alter, or illegal use of customers 
We do not disclose customers’ personal data to a third-party by means of exchange, lease, or other 
alternatives at will, unless consented by the customers or specified otherwise in laws and regulations.Proper Management of Personal Information
Type and Content of Data Collected
When customers use services of Chunghwa Telecom, 
we collect their personal/private data, including 
account, location, browsed webpages/mobile app, 
etc. out of the regulatory requirement for identity 
verification or the needs for service provision.
Customers may access with ease from multiple 
channels (e.g. website, app, store, and customer 
service hotline) and learn about the types of data 
and methods we collect, process, use personal data 
and disclosure thereof to a third party, as well as the 
rights customers are entitled to exercise, including 
inquiry, request to stop collecting, processing, and 
using, as well as erase.
Application by
Law Enforcement Agencies
In the event that any government agency or law 
enforcement agency sends Chunghwa Telecom a 
letter to access or inquire information of customers 
for the protection of public security and against 
crimes, in compliance with relevant laws and 
regulations, Chunghwa Telecom shall provide 
customer information thereto accordingly after a rigid 
examination of such application, or reject application 
that are not in line with regulatory procedures or 
criteria. The rate of the provision in 2020 was 92.5% 
with a rejection rate of 7.5%, most of which were 
primary due to inconformity to the relevant laws and 
regulations or source data error. Data Use and Protection
To elevate customers’ experience and maintain 
customer relationship, we use customers’ data for 
analyses so as to provide optimized services and 
promotion information catering to our customers, 
whereas the customers may request stop such use at 
any given time.
We fully monitor the use of customers’ personal data and 
implement rigorous protection measures to prevent any 
unauthorized access, disclosure, use, or tampering of 
personal data in order to protect the security and rights 
of customers’ personal/private data. The percentage of 
Chunghwa Telecom’s secondary use of customers’ data 
in 2020 was 84.4%.
Compliance with the Epidemic Prevention Effort 
of the Government
In response to the COVID-19 epidemic, in compliance 
with the epidemic prevention needs of the government, 
and pursuant to “Communicable Disease Control 
Act” and “Special Act for Prevention, Relief and 
Revitalization Measures for Severe Pneumonia with 
Novel Pathogens” on the basis of advancing the public 
interests for all, the telecom service providers in Taiwan 
are liable to provide necessary information to Taiwan 
Centers for Disease Control (Taiwan CDC), Ministry of 
Health and Welfare, so as to assist the government 
to enforce the home isolation policy and prevent the 
disease spread. We safeguard our customers’ privacy 
with a rigid management over data security.Collection, Processing, and Use of Customers’ Personal/Private Data
Provision of Personal Data
94 95
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
To inspire passion and professionalism among customer service officers, we 
reward customer service personnel who receive praise from customers, and accept 
these credits as part of their performance appraisal as an excellent service quality.
In 2011, Chunghwa Telecom became the telecom carrier to have all its centers certified for the ISO 
10002:2004 Customer Complaint Management System. The Company views customer complaints 
as opportunities to make ongoing improvements. The resolution of customer complaints and 
dissatisfaction is rule-based and they must be settled within 3 working days. This approach ensures the 
continuous improvement of service quality. In addition to the customer service hotline, consumers may 
also use the corporate website or Representative Line authorized by the President (02-23446789) to raise 
complaints directly to the assistance of the senior executive.Commendation for Best Customer Service Personnel
KPIs for Customer Service HotlineCategory Description
Customer 
Service 
Location / ScaleThe Company has 15 customer service centers, and the number of customer service 
personnel averages 2,500
Multi- Channel 
Customer 
Services• Webchat
• Social media, “Chunghwa Telecom Dr. Q 
Fan Page”
• Web customer service center• Mobile customer service center
• Mobile App
• SMS
Training ResultTo refine our customer-centric approach and devotion to the provision of the most 
thoughtful services, while taking the COVID-19 impacts into consideration, we utilized 
Microsoft Teams in 2020 to throw three sessions of remote training program online, 
“Driving Sales with Services”, with zero students and zero clustering on site. A total of 
150 seed personnel were trained with an average training hour of 6 hours per capita.
CHT holds a very high standard for customer representatives. Besides the basic 
requirement of tone and manners of speech, we place even more emphasis on 
professional knowledge and competence. In 2020 alone, 9,853 employees received 
44,368 hours of training combined.
Year Total Participants Total Training Hours Average Training Hours
2020 9,853 44,368 4.5
2019 5,885 127,511 21.7
2018 5,684 141,207 24.8
Due to the pandemic impact in 2020, TTI reduced offline education programs and adopted online programs 
with shorter hour per session instead. Hence, the trained participants (person-times) increased while the total 
training hours decreased.Chunghwa Telecom Customer Service Mechanism Overview
KPI 2018 2019 2020
Customer Service Response within 20 Seconds 73.42% 73.37% 68.98%
Service Satisfaction (5-point scale) 4.71 4.74 4.75Chunghwa Telecom provides services which are refined, 
thoughtful and professional to build warm atmosphere 
around customer relations. We use big data analysis to 
learn the true needs of customers so that we can offer 
thoughtful and customized services and products.
CHT’s positive approach cultivates both favorable 
impressions and brand loyalty. We set high standards for 
our customer service hotline. To ensure quality service, 
we sought multiple international certifications, including 
ISO 9001, ISO 10002, BS 10012, and ISO/IEC 27001. In 
recent years, we have been using big data analytics to 
identify customers concerns and to improve the overall 
user experience. Through sincere communication and 
system improvements, we are able to create additional 
value for our customers. CHT has been presented 
with “Personal Information Management Awards” by 
SGS-Taiwan, an international and external third-party 
verification entity, in 2020.Refined Customer Service
Customer Service Excellence Awards (CSEA)
“Best Intelligent System Application Enterprise Award”
– Self-developed IVR voice navigation and verification application
 “Best Customer Service Management Enterprise” 
– supporting the government’s epidemic prevention works with ICT
To offer a better service experience for our customers, CHT has proactively 
develop innovative and smart customer service applications. In 2018, CHT 
introduced the text-based customer service chatbot and successfully built 
the human-robot collaboration model. In 2020, the IVR voice navigation 
and verification came online. It is an AI chatbot, developed by CHT its own, 
equipped with five core competencies, including voice recognition, semantic 
comprehension, speech synthesis, automated feedback learning, and flexible 
adjustment mechanism, intended for the voice navigation and verification for the 
incoming calls from customers, which significantly improved the efficiency of our 
customer service.
Ever since the outbreak of COVID-19 in the early 2020, we have been supporting 
the government’s epidemic prevention works with information communication 
technology, including designing and providing the quarantine cellphones, developing 
Digital Fence, analyzing the footprints of epidemic development with big data, and 
other innovative measures, which effectively helped the government in epidemic 
control. Starting from the Lunar New Year holidays, the workforce of four customer 
service centers were mobilized, along with other resources like venues, seats, 
systems, and electric circuits. Also, we adjusted the IVR voice service on the fly, rapidly 
established the Knowledge Management Database, and initiated active care for home 
quarantine. As a result, we set the record of answering up to 47,000 calls in a single 
day. By helping the Taiwan CDC to cope with the calls to 1922 toll-free hotline, we fully 
demonstrated our ability to react.
96 97
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Chunghwa Telecom continues to install repeaters, backup wireless routers, and backup power supplies to 
increase reliable transmission capacity in remote areas. By increasing the capacity of backup batteries to more 
than 72 hours, the Company ensures that residents in remote locations can stay connected even when main 
power has been disrupted by a natural disaster.
In efforts to minimize the impact of disasters by prompt messaging, the Chunghwa Telecom self-developed 
“Emergency Response SMS System” sent out more than 60,000 SMS alerts in 2020, and apply to Directorate 
General of Highways’ “Traffic Conditions Alert System,” and Atomic Energy Council’s periodic “Nuclear Safety 
Drills,” and the National Fire Agency’s disaster prevention exercises, successfully playing its part in disaster 
prevention information notification.
In addition, a Public Warning System (PWS) has been established to support the national policy of 
emergency message dissemination about typhoons, earthquakes, thunderstorms, landslides, roadblocks, 
reservoir discharge or an outbreak of disease, fast and correctly to specific regions simultaneously, assisting 
government agencies and the general public improving their disaster prevention awareness and capabilities. 
As long as a mobile phone is open to the PWS function, all our customers will receive messages about 
disasters. The PWS issued over 2,400 times of emergency warnings across Taiwan in 2020. In the early 
stage of the epidemic outbreak, 4 warnings were issued that effectively helped the government agencies to 
communicate the relative policies and orders as well as dispersed the crowds.Enhanced Disaster Response and Communication Coverage
Disaster Report and Upgraded SafetyItem Description
Responses  
MeasureWe conduct annual emergency drills for a wide number of different events, from the 
coordination of network resources and equipment to emergency repairs. Our base stations 
have been deployed in a diversified manner and are covered by robust backup plans 
so that failure of circuitry, power or equipment at any base station will not disrupt the 
operation of other nearby base stations.
Occurrence of 
DisasterIf communication is severely disrupted in the unfortunate event of a natural disaster, 
we take contingency measures, that depends on the actual circumstances, to maintain 
communication between the disaster locations and the outside world. These can include 
microwave radio, satellite transmission, portable base stations, etc.
Major Service Interruptions in 2020 and Countermeasures
1. Overview of the Obstacle: The obstacle with SVG equipment at CHT KLSY Branch on September 12 
affected the fixed line communication of 15,585 households.
2. Reasons for the Interruption: Two SVG L2 SWs were down due to lightning strikes that led to anomalies 
of system operation.
3. Improvement Measures: Two L2 SWITCH spares stored at all branches in case of emergency. Continuous 
enhancement of maintenance measures and promotion for preemptive centralized monitoring.
4. Implementation Status: All the L2 equipment subject to the risk of lightning strikes replaced to enhance 
the protection against lightning strikes. Completed L2 SWITCH emergency backup SOP and education 
training to enhance the emergency response capability of staff.
5. Outcomes: With the ceaseless improvement of maintenance mechanism by the network maintenance 
department, the average number of obstacles encountered by users has been improved from 0.0007 in 
2019 to 0.0006 in 2020, while the average time for obstacle removal improved from 0.138 minutes in 2019 
to 0.096 minute in 2020.We conduct a broad variety of satisfaction surveys to identify the issues of most concern to consumers and 
their expectations. We use these findings to guide future improvements. After each survey, the opinions 
and suggestions are conveyed promptly to product or business personnel (including Risk Management and 
the Public Relations Departments) using the consumer feedback system. Furthermore, consumers opinions 
are brought to the attention of the senior manager of the product and customer service departments for 
discussion at monthly meetings to ensure that the consumers expectations receive proper consideration.
Regarding the IPA (Importance-Performance Analysis) items belonging to the fourth quadrant (high 
importance and low performance) after a review of the results of the annual satisfaction survey, we will 
request that the relevant functional units conduct further analysis and propose measures for concrete 
improvement every year. There will also be a follow-up in the next quarter to keep track of the progress of any 
corrective action found necessary.
We are constantly expanding our mobile network. We have the most 4G cell towers and the highest 4G signal 
coverage in Taiwan. According to test results published by the government, our network speed is the fastest 
across all 22 administrative districts in Taiwan. Our network quality has been unanimously commended by 
domestic and international mobile analytics organizations, including OpenSignal top 4G download speed and 
best overall download speed and Speedtest fastest mobile Internet speed in Taiwan.
As always, customer satisfaction is our top priority. We will continue to improve our mobile network to provide 
customers with top-notch services. To ensure the equal sharing of information, in addition to a positive 
strengthening of mobile Internet quality in populous metropolitan areas, we have paid more attention to 
signal coverage in remote areas. We have achieved 100% total 4G coverage in all towns.
To promote equal digital rights, we support the DIGI+ Program initiative introduced by the Executive Yuan. 
We planned to increase 1Gbps network coverage to 90% by 2020, 2Gbps network coverage to 90% by 2025. 
Providing ultra-broadband Internet in remote areas to balance urban-rural development, encouraging 
innovation in the digital economy, creating value added in the industry, and, in turn, stimulating overall 
economic growth. In 2020, we invested NT$200 million in 80 network improvement projects, and the following 
projects were successfully completed: 1Gbps network speed across all townships, 100 Mbps across all villages, 
increasing Wi-Fi hotspot bandwidths, improving 4G cell towers in rural areas, etc.
We have also supported the government initiative for the promotion of free wireless Internet services nationally. 
Through a reasonable Wi-Fi rental package available, as well as a robust user authentication platform and 
a nationwide maintenance/monitoring system, we have helped the government deploy free Wi-Fi hotspots 
nationwide. 
Our contributions to social events in 2020 included working with local county and city governments to provide Wi-Fi 
hotspots and enable Internet access at festive gatherings and international sports events. We installed 81 hotspots 
for New Year’s Eve festivity, 19 for the Lantern Festival and about 31 for other activities. The Company participated in 
20 festive occasions, built 131 hotspots in total, and spent more than NT$1.02 million.Customer Satisfaction Survey
1Gbps Network Speed across All Townships
100 Mbps across All Villages
Expand Wireless HotspotsCustomer Type Survey MethodSurvey Result  
 (10-point scale)
Large EnterpriseDesignate an external 
market survey company 
to conduct consumer  
satisfaction survey9.09
Medium and Small Enterprise 8.72
General Customer 7.77
98 99
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
In 2007, Chunghwa Telecom assisted the government in establishing the 165 Anti-Fraud Consultation Hotline 
to support the police and authorities in the defiance against fraud.
We continue to minimize negative material circulating on the Internet through diverse action plans, and 
endeavor to provide consumers with a healthy, trouble-free network environment.Telecom Services and Promotions  Fraud Prevention
Reducing Negative Impact of the InternetItem Description
Resources Committed• An average of 10 customer service personnel joined the service every month 
to work with the Criminal Investigation Bureau in a concerted front-line duty 
effort from Monday to Friday.
• “Disconnection Service Fraud Prevention System” offers information on 
some suspected telephone gimmicks used for cheating customers and a 
timely settlement of the problem. An average of 3.1 customer service person 
participated in the program each month.
Prevention of Fraud 
on Network / Mobile 
Devices• A two-way, SMS-based authentication system was introduced for small 
payments.
• A scam alert was added to all two-way SMS authentication messages.
Progress Description  
in 2020• The hotline received 184,589 calls, and 19,579 cases of fraud were referred to 
the authorities.
• The Company assisted the Criminal Investigation Bureau, National Policy 
Agency in disconnecting 1,582 phone numbers, and successfully stopped 2,287 
scams.
Item Description
Anti-Virus and 
Anti-HackerA HiNet mailbox gives customers access to a free webmail service. A simple setup, 
allows users to decide if questionable e-mail will be automatically deleted in the 
future. We continue to monitor the formulation of the “Regulations for Commercial 
Electronic Spam Mail” , in which add the management obligations to the Internet 
Service Provider (ISP).
Adult ContentProvides K12 Mailbox Forced Isolation, the HiNet Adult Content Gatekeeper, and the 
Mobile Adult Content Security Guard, keeps children and teenagers out of harmful 
websites.
Usage Time 
ControlThe HiNet Online Time Management Service and mobile phone “3G Talk without 
Worries” programs, giving parents effective control of the mobile phone and 
Internet use.
MOD Parental 
LockThe Parental Lock can be set at protected or parental guidance. Settings are in 
effect immediately once the password has been entered. The parental lock can be 
used to protect children from harmful or bad content.According to a report by the World Health Organization (WHO) and related scientific research, exposure to 
base stations and Wi-Fi signals does not affect human health. NCC also declared that all the powers of the 
electromagnetic waves from the domestic base stations are within the threshold of international standards 
and thus cause no harm to human body. Therefore, the Environmental Protection Administration of the 
Executive Yuan do not list base station as a source of environmental pollution.
For this issue, Chunghwa Telecom ensures strict compliance with the authority’s safety standards when 
constructing telecom infrastructure. The Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) of all mobile communication 
products we purchased have complied with the restrictions of the National Communications Commission 
(NCC). Given the scarcity of suitable base station locations and the need to assure consumer rights to quality 
communication, we will strive to comply with regulations by taking the approved precautions at all stages 
of installation. In 2020, Chunghwa Telecom incurred NT$0.5 million in fines and administrative penalties  
associated with base stations. These violations occurred as we sought to address consumers’ demand for 
good reception and concern towards negative health impacts from base stations.
The measurement of the electromagnetic radiation in the environment conforms to the standard of the 
International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP), which must be lower than 0.45 
μW/cm2 at 900MHz and less than 0.9μW/cm2 at 1,800MHz. Any resident who has concerns regarding base 
stations near their home can request a free complimentary measurement of the strength of the nearby 
electromagnetic waves by calling 0800-580-010.The Alleviation of Public Concern about Electromagnetic Waves
Advocate the Accurate Understanding of Electromagnetic Waves
Chunghwa Telecom has been working closely with the Taiwan Telecom Industry Development 
Association to convey to the public the correct information about electromagnetic waves, by 
organizing conferences and issuing promotional materials.
1. The Company joined NCC and 10 county/city governments nationwide in hosting 12 seminars 
on the topic of electromagnetic waves, 24 local infrastructure promotion forums, and 125 free 
complimentary electromagnetic wave measurements have been completed to date.
2. Local government bodies were issued some promotional material and pamphlets about 
electromagnetic radiation, which were distributed to the public during various activities to 
promote proper understanding.
1. All these are established on the existing buildings.
2. The 5G services kicked off on July 1, 2020.Independent Base Station Shared Base StationTypes of Base Stations Installed by CHT
14.72%85.28%
3G
19.46%80.54%
4G5G
100%
Shared Base 
Station
100 101
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Completion of the first smart green-
energy staff dormitory  
in Taiwan by 2021  
(50% progress made)
——
Promises to Reach  
the Following Targets in 2023TargetT
CHT CSR Supplier  
Conference / Sustainable 
Environmental Visit
——
Targets low-carbon  
industries and promotes  
solar powerResponseR
IndicatorI
Although telecom is regarded as a low-polluting industry, Chunghwa Telecom is well aware of the environmental 
impacts associated with energy, resources, waste, maintenance, purchasing and other aspects of our operation.
We have devised a new set of Sustainable Environment 
Development Strategy and Target Plan that outlines 
our overall strategy and roadmap for sustainable 
environmental development. In addition, budgets will 
be provided in each year to support action plans.5G Green Enterprise• The capacity for renewable energy 
constructed from proprietary was 
3,975.5 kWp
• Taking 2017 as the base year, a 
10% reduction of greenhouse gas 
emissions in our buildings
• Taking 2017 as the base year to 
cumulatively save 10% of the 
energy by 2023 pursuant to the 
generator room energy-saving 
programGHG Emissions  
790,320.9986  t-CO2eGRI
A CHT photovoltaic system with 
a total capacity 2,783.665  kWpCHT
Nearly 100 suppliers receiving 
ESG education and trainingsCHT
Implement the  
 “Suppliers CSR Second Party Audit”  
on 20 suppliersCHT
105  Taiwan Renewable Energy 
Certificates (T-REC) acquiredCHT
Green Operations
• A self-developed EARTH system for 100%  
control of environmental information
• The sole  telecom carrier that has obtained the 
ISO 14046 certification in the industry of Taiwan
• Received ISO 14001/ISO 50001 and ISO 14064-1 
certification at all our business locations
• “TCFD Climate-related Financial Disclosures” 
certification obtained
Green Stores
• Transformed 455  service centers into Green Stores
• Syntrend Store in Taipei as the sole  net-zero carbon 
store in the industry of Taiwan that obtained ISO 
14067, EPA’s Service Carbon Label, and PAS 2060 
carbon neutrality certification
• Promoted paperless services and accumulated a 
saving of 590  million sheets of paper per year
Green Supply Chain
• Became the first  telecom carrier to promote 
supply chain sustainability management
• Formally incorporated the ISO 20400 Sustainable 
Procurement Standard
• Participated in the CDP Supply Chain Project to 
expand the efficiency of carbon management
Green Procurement
• Reached a total of NT$ 904  million in green 
procurement in 2020
• Reached 1.08%  of total procurement as green 
procurement yearly
Green Energy
• Self-constructed photovoltaic systems reached a 
total capacity of 2,783.665  kWp
• Acquired 105  Taiwan Renewable Energy  
Certificates
The certification of ISO 14001 is effective till 2023/12/24, while that of ISO 50001 is till 2022/12/17.1G3G
5G4G
2G
Efficient energy  
management using EARTH
——
The launch of the 5G initiative  
in pursuit of profit,  
environmental sustainability,  
and social responsibility
——
Became  the first  telecom service  
provider in Taiwan to implement:ActionA
Instituted the Code of Corporate 
Social Responsibility for Suppliers 
of Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd.
——
Instituted the Chunghwa  
Telecom Co., Ltd. Procurement  
Grievance Procedures
——
Collect the suppliers information 
on climate change and carbon 
emission at least once a yearManagementM
Facilitation of greenness  
in the ICT industry  
(Green of ICT) and overall 
greenness of society  
through ICT (Green by ICT)StrategyS
           The Green Corporation Pioneer
The SDGs CHT contributes 
to in this section• Collaboration with the Sustainable 
Alliance for Low-carbon Economy 
(SALcE) to issue the Sustainable 
Partnership Certificate
• Incorporation of the ISO 20400 
Sustainable Procurement Standard
• ISO 14064 certified
• Joined the Carbon Disclosure 
Project (CDP) Supply Chain
• “TCFD Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures” certification obtained
102 103
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Building the First Solar-powered Parking Lot in
Response to the Green Energy Policy
In response to the government’s green energy policy and the realization of Nuclear-free Homeland by 
2025, Chunghwa Telecom acted in accordance with the“2020 Photovoltaic 6.5GW Compliance Plan” in the 
photovoltaic promotion plans for energy transition of MOEA, building the first solar-powered parking lot 
with the features of power generation and car park in the Yunlin Technology-based Industrial Park.
Generating 575,000 kWh of green energy per year, it effectively reduces the CO 2 emissions by 293 tonnes, 
which is equivalent to the effect of 30 hectares of afforestation. A total of 200 parking spaces are offered 
to the employees working in the adjacent businesses and meet the demands for parking in the Industrial 
Park. It comes with the advantages of environmental protection and long-term investment returns. In the 
future, we shall introduce intelligent parking management equipment and solar-powered LED guidance 
lights for parking in succession in order to build a significant landmark in the Industrial Park.Green Enterprise Green Sustainability Green Innovation
Long-TermMake more than 50% 
of purchases from  
the green supply chainConstruct more than  
5,000  kWp of  
photovoltaic systemsGrow green products/ 
services to account for 20% 
of total revenueShort-TermReduce power usage 
effectiveness (PUE) of  
new IDCs to less than 1.5Absolutely reduce 1% of 
annual electricity in terms of 
absolute valueSave power by 1% at the 
telecom server and IDCs
Mid-TermMaintain at least 5% of the 
green purchaseConstruct more than  
3,975.5 kWp of  
photovoltaic systemsAchieve 1% annual  
revenue growth of  
green products/ services
Chunghwa Telecom hopes to provide eco-tours that are both educational and entertaining for our employees, 
so that they understand concepts of extreme weather, responsible tourism, respect for nature and the rights of 
local residents. We hold regular company eco-tours with the hopes of incorporating environmental education 
into traveling and daily life. We held 102 tours in 2020, costing a total of NT$54,283 thousand with 15,209 
participants. Ecotourism
Environmental Management Expenses
Item 2018 2019 2020
Environmental management expense  
(NT$ thousand)319,637 328,558 329,126
Accounted percentage of turnover  
(%)0.15 0.16 0.16Co-construction of the Largest Solar Power Plant in Yilan in 2020
Working with VITEC ENERGY TAIWAN CO., L TD., we completed two solar power plants in Yilan County, for 
Alchemy Steel Inc. and Yi Lian Steel Manufacturing Co., Ltd. respectively. With an installed capacity of 3,000 
kW in total, it is estimated to generate energy up to 3 million kWh per year while reduce approximately 
1,600 tonnes of CO 2e annually, which is close the amount of carbon sequestered by 4 Daan Forest Parks. 
In the future, we shall continue to expand the solar power projects in Yilan. From development, planning, 
installation to maintenance, we manage the engineering quality along the way, so that more enterprises 
may join the green energy business together.
To fulfill our green commitment and embrace the world’s green challenge, Chunghwa Telecom has adopted 
a “Green Enterprise, Sustainability and Innovation Strategy” with the introduction of 5G (Green): Green 
Operation, Green Energy, Green Stores, Green Supply Chain, and Green Procurement, aiming to address 
financial success, sustainability and social responsibility.
Chunghwa Telecom has set a goal to become a sustainable Green enterprise, and has made environmental 
issues an incorporated part of business operation and management. We hope to play a more proactive role in 
issues such as energy and climate change. By improving energy efficiency and exploring eco-friendly products 
and services, we are confident of our potential to inspire a new generation of low-carbon industries.Green Operations
We developed the Environment ARtificer THeurgy (EARTH) system in 2008 to manage resources and protect 
the environment more efficiently as well as to reduce spending on energy consumption. EARTH system 
features include:
Chunghwa Telecom Hostels provide accommodation for employee business or leisure travel. In response to 
environmental protection and personal hygiene, the hostels do not provide disposable, or consumable items 
or towels. They also take energy-saving measures such as solar water heating, air conditioning using heat 
pumps and LED lighting. 19 hostels had been certified as Environmentally Friendly Accommodation by 2020.• Energy Saving and Innovation: Energy savings and innovation initiatives have been uploaded and 
implemented in all departments to encourage employees to learn from each other.
• Performance Evaluation: Performance evaluation is conducted systematically to encourage employees to 
contribute to environmental sustainability actions.
• Power Management: Request centralized payment of electricity bill; there are more than 64,710 electricity 
accounts and 2,918,907 units of electricity payment data under management.
• Water Management: Request centralized payment of water bill; there are more than 1,298 water accounts 
and 126,142 units of water payment data under management.
• Carbon Emission Management: This provides a carbon verification form and the results were greatly 
enhanced as 300 man-day operations.
• Fuel Management: Fuel use data for hybrid and ordinary vehicles were analyzed to improve energy efficiency 
and reduce carbon emission.
• Corporate Tree Planting: Document type, number, management department and location of trees. There are 
over 251 varieties of tree and 67,350 tree data saved in the EARTH database.
• Recycling Management: Document type, volume of recycled material and the recycling management 
department. We have recorded 22 types of recycling and there have been 18,188,291 entries made.Environment ARtificer THeurgy (EARTH)
Green Environmental Hostels1G
104 105
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Water usage at Chunghwa Telecom is mostly domestic. Apart from bathroom use, air conditioner cooling 
accounts for another major water use. Given the ongoing increase in business activities and manpower, there is 
limited room for water reduction besides the recovery of rainwater and cooling water.
We benchmarked the 2012 water usage as the standard, and now control the annual growth of water usage to no 
more than 2%. In addition to a new water leakage detection feature in products, we have also included Company 
water consumption in the EARTH system. Centralized water bill payment is done through the EARTH water bill 
management function to reduce the printing of water bills. Managers can use the system to search, generate 
trend charts and report forms, and provide exception reports to avoid mistakes in billing and meter reading. 
Managers can also review the situation of water usage according to trend charts and reports, reduce expenses in 
water, and improve the efficiency of management.
The management and analysis information interface can be used to promote water conservation measures and 
set concrete management goals. We also promote water-saving measures to increase efficiency in water use:
To enhance the effectiveness of water recycling and reuse, we have set 
up raft foundation water collection systems underground to collect clean 
rainwater from rooftops and the ground surface. We have also initiated 
the recycling of cooled and condensed water from office air-conditioners 
and promoted a recycling and reuse plan for rainwater, bathwater and air 
conditioner water. The recycled water is reused for watering plants and 
cleaning sidewalks, being utilized to its fullest extent.• Install sink faucet sprayers to reduce waste
• Install dual flush toilets to reduce waste
• Use collected rainwater for watering office plants
• Encourage the installation of water reclamation equipment in new buildings, so that physically separated 
and treated sewage water can be reused for non-potable purposes after it has reached a certain quality 
standardWater Resource ManagementThe Most Eco-friendly Data Center in the Greater China – Banqiao IDC
The Banqiao IDC of Chunghwa Telecom is the first world-class data center in Taiwan that is certified 
as TIA-942 Rated-3 and Rated-4. Meanwhile, it acquired certifications and labels at home and abroad 
successively, including ISO 27001 and PCI DSS. With the most rigorous standards and regulations ranging 
from architecture to electricity, machinery, telecommunication, and information security of IDC in place, 
we ensure a sustainable operation of the data center.
To effectively reduce the risks in IDC maintenance and raise the confidence of customers, it successfully 
obtained Uptime Institute’s Management and Operations (M&O) Stamp of Approval in 2020, which made it 
the first professional IDC in Taiwan that secured the M&O certification. It also acquired the SOC certification 
in the same year, signaling that we have lived up to the international standards in the sustainable data 
center maintenance and management.
Year 2018 2019 2020
Tap Water 753,023 691,954 679,629
Recycled water 1,624,419 1,590,716 1,617,960
Recycled water 7,398 3,776 2,777
Starting from 2018, the amount of resource and energy consumed by Honghwa 
International in its rented areas are excluded.In response to the climate change, Taiwan has planned to raise the ratio of renewable energy from 6% in 
2017 to 20% by 2025 so as to reduce CO 2 emissions. Chunghwa Telecom has been positively supporting the 
government policy and applying its extensive ICT background knowledge in the construction of solar power 
stations. By the end of 2020, the Company had 55 solar power stations around Taiwan with a total capacity of 
2,783.665 kWp.Green Energy
Item 2007 2018 2019 2020
Total Electricity Consumption (A) 135,180 137,191 135,066 135,350
General Consumption (B) 9,420 106,264 103,338 102,684
Business Consumption –  
Meter Rate Lighting Service (C)125,151 24,107 25,497 26,784 
Business Consumption –  
Flat Rate Lighting Service (D)609 6,819 6,231 5,883 
Business Consumption Increment (E) NA 3,182 802 938 
Business Consumption Increment Rate (F) NA 2.32% 0.59% 0.69% 
1. B: office buildings and employee dormitories; C: base stations, depot, and public telephone, which are not CHT-owned property.
2. A=B+C+D, General consumption mainly includes the power consumption of office building. Business consumption increment includes 
flat and meter rate lighting service.
3. E=Business consumption this year - Business consumption last year; F=E/A
4.  This table presents electricity consumption with customer ID, other consumption without customer ID is covered by greenhouse gas 
inventory.Unit: 10,000 kWh
Chunghwa Telecom places great emphasis on the 
energy efficiency of our data centers, and is currently 
implementing energy conservation measures 
for telecom facility centers (including IDCs). The 
efficient application of our proprietary iEN smart 
energy management system and Power Operation 
Supervisory System (POSS) for IDCs are our scientific 
approach to reducing energy, carbon emission and 
protection of the environment through dynamic 
energy management via the Internet.Energy Savings for Data Centers
Electricity Consumption of IDCs
Year 2018 2019 2020
Unit: 10,000 kWh 16,440 16,600 16,576
Renewable Energy Usage in Banqiao IDC
Item 2018 2019 2020
Solar power generation (A) 95,624 100,896 104,608
Total power consumption (B) 21,411,200 24,470,132 34,446,400
Energy-saving ratio(A/[A+B]) 0.44% 0.41% 0.30%2G
106 107
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
In addition to developing products friendly to the environment, we have been promoting Green Stores and were 
the first telecom carrier in Taiwan to fully turn service centers into Green Stores. In 2020, green revenue was NT$ 
361 million, which was 16.3% of the commercial products revenue.
We have been promoting electronic billing since 2001, and reduce carbon emission by eliminating the use of 
paper bills. In 2017, we offered paperless receipt service. At the end of 2020, the percentage of paperless receipts 
exceeded 71%. The service saved 590 million sheets of paper and an estimated 53,673 trees, reducing carbon 
emission by 10,627 metric tons.Green Revenue
Paperless Receipt ServiceChunghwa Telecom is a highly-localized telecom carrier, a generous 
contributor to community development, and one of the most important 
partners to other telecom carriers around the world. As technologies 
progressed and improved, we began some operations that were outside 
the conventional telecom boundaries, corporate social responsibility 
concepts were introduced into products and services research, 
development, applications, and into the Company management 
strategies.Green Stores
Item 2018 2019 2020
Customer applying for e-bills (10 thousand) 1,869 1,933 1,968
Ratio of customers applying for e-bills 68% 70% 71%
Quantity of paper saved (per 1,000 sheets) 560,700 579,946 590,000
Number of trees saved 50,973 52,722 53,673
Reduction of carbon emission volume (metric ton) 10,093 10,439 10,627
1. The data of paper saved and reduction of carbon emission is by e-bills (including SMS) and combined bills.
2.  Each e-bill reducing the use of envelopes and paper are 2.5 sheets of A4 paper. Total amount of paper saved: number customers 
applying for e-bill×2.5×12 (month).
3.  1 sheet of A4 paper generates 18 grams of CO2; Carbon emission reduced: number of paper saved (1,000 sheets) ×18 grams.
4.  The number of trees saved: each ton of paper pulp produced=20 trees; one ton of paper pulp=220 thousand sheets of A4 paper. 
Therefore, the number of trees saved = number of papers saved÷220 thousand×20.
The Sole Net-zero Carbon Emission Store in The Industry of Taiwan
We became the first telecom service provider in Taiwan that obtained carbon 
label for service center with our “CHT Syntrend Store”, which is also the only store 
with zero emission in the industry!
It passed the certifications of and reviews by standards at home and abroad (ISO 
14067 and the Carbon Label of Taiwan EPA) and purchased 50 tons of carbon 
right, securing the carbon neutrality certification PAS 2060 and achieving the 
standard of zero carbon emission.
We have connected tightly eco-friendliness and green energy with network 
services. While offering premium services to the general public, we further aim to 
achieve a green communication with our consumers for them to capture the eco-
friendliness and low-carbon nature in products and services precisely. As such, we 
live up to our corporate philosophy’ “Always Ahead”.
3G To accurately capture the water resource risks and in response to the UN SDG 6 
Clean Water and Sanitation, we chose the most representative Rated 4 IDC of the 
Greater China region – Banqiao IDC and Cloud Data Center of Chunghwa Telecom 
for ISO 14046 certification on water footprint inventory and certification. As a 
result, it passed the verification by the SGS-Taiwan and obtained the assurance 
statement, making Chunghwa Telecom the sole telecom operator in Taiwan that 
passed water footprint certification. The benefits achieved are as follows:
• Water resource management strategy established: establishment of the SOP 
for organizations water footprint helps in the attainment of water resource 
management targets.
• Enterprise water usage management enhanced: the water usage distribution 
in the enterprise is captured effectively via water footprint inventory in order 
to create a complete water resource management system and stipulate proper 
measures to achieve the target of water conservation.
Chunghwa Telecom understands the importance of resources reduction, recycling and reuse and has combined 
related reduction plans into the EARTH system. This is used to manage the use of resources and control energy 
efficiency, as well as to conduct systematic management of recyclables and waste treatment. We contracted a 
professional waste treatment company to transport our daily waste to landfills or incinerators for disposal. Recyclable 
waste is handled by a contracted cleaning company that is responsible for classification, treatment and proper 
disposal.
Scrapped lead-acid batteries are recyclable industrial waste regulated by the EPA. Business organizations are 
responsible for the reduction of pollution, disposal of toxic substances and simple waste disposal. All recycling 
and disposal operations are outsourced by joint contract based on the public auction. The contractor must be 
a qualified service provider listed on the website of the Recycling Fund Management Board of the EPA to ensure 
legitimate management and disposal.
Scrapped lead-acid batteries from each business unit are auctioned on site, and the Announcement and Delivery 
Slip for Removal and Disposal of Waste Lead-Acid Batteries is retained for reference. A total of 34,148 leadacid 
batteries with a total weight of 1,630,201 kg were scrapped and sold for NT$31,143,557 in 2020. In fulfilling our 
responsibility for environmental protection, we also increased Company revenue. The public and private waste 
clearance and disposal companies recognized by environmental institutions are designated to handle the 
treatment of other industrial waste such as cables and miscellaneous hardware.The sole telecom operator in Taiwan that passed water footprint certification
Waste Management
Industrial WasteYear 2018 2019 2020
Weight of domestic waste
Unit: tonnes3,505 2,881 3,173
Starting from 2018, the amount of resource and energy consumed by Honghwa 
International in its rented areas are excluded.
Item UnitAmount Disposal Fee  (NT$ thousand)
2018 2019 2020 2018 2019 2020
Plastic-filled Cable
Metric 
ton290 126 347
227,460 191,223 369,766Ordinary Cable 1,348 1,152 1,504
Miscellaneous Hardware 1,350 703 1,329
Batteries Piece 27,194 33,332 11,908
108 109
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Item Description
Environmental 
Information 
Disclosures• Published ESG reports and disclosed environmental data to respond to the Dow Jones 
Sustainability Index (DJSI) 
• Execution of an annual greenhouse gas inventory and acquisition of ISO 14064-1 
verification and certifications
• Responded to the annual Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) questionnaire
• Responded to related national rating questionnaires (including Common Wealth Magazine, 
Global Views Magazine, and Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Award)
• Signed on as a supporter of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
initiative and disclosed relevant information in line with the TCFD Framework
• Passed the “TCFD Conforminy Check” as the  first telecom operator in the world
Improve Energy 
Use Efficiency• Merged and exploited data center spaces
• Saved cooling energy: implemented energy saving with 90 HP inverter module, sensible 
heat air conditioners of 1020 RT, 495 highly efficient air conditioners, 90 RT ventilation air 
conditioners and 510 natural ventilation air conditioners by the end of 2020
• Used green materials for newly constructed data centers and buildings
• Set up rainwater, underground, and condensed cooling water recycling systems for the 
reuse of water resources
• Replaced lamps in the public areas and internal office buildings with environmentally 
friendly LED bulbs
Implement  
Green Energy• Constructed 2,783.665 kWp of photovoltaic systems by the end of 2020
• Acquired 105 Taiwan Renewable Energy Certificate
Autonomous 
Environmental 
Protection• One and only in the industry of Taiwan: Banqiao IDC passed ISO 14046 certification
• Replaced old vehicles with environmentally friendly ones, and used electric vehicles in 
trials
• Sponsored the construction of the YouBike station at the corner of Xinyi Road and 
Hangzhou South Road
• Promoted clean homes, energy-saving offices, car-free days, and paperless Office 
Document Automation System (ODAS)
• The Taiwan Energy Conservation Patrol: focus on increasing energy efficiency within 
small and medium enterprises and vulnerable social institutions
• Set waste reduction and recycling targets
Value-Added 
Products and 
Services• One and only in the industry of Taiwan: net-zero emission Syntrend store acquired both 
the EPA’s Carbon Label for Services domestically as well as the ISO 14067 and PAS 2060 
internationally
• Promoted e-bill with a marketing section
• Electronic invoicing: invoice data were prepared for permanent cloud storage to save 
material, human resources, and receive preferential tax treatment as an incentive and 
exemption from fines by the government
• iEN smart energy-saving services and promotion of energy-saving products
• Mobile device recycling: recycle bins are available at all service centers in line with the 
promotion of waste recycling
• Green Stores: transform 455 service centers nationwide into Green Stores
• Collaboration with the Sustainable Alliance for Low-carbon Economy (SALcE) to issue 
the Sustainable Partnership (products, services, and organizations) Certificate2020 Environmental Performance
5GThe responsibilities and mission of Chunghwa Telecom, as the leader of the telecom industry, are Green 
of ICT and Green by ICT . This implies facilitation of the greenness of the ICT industry (Green of ICT) and 
overall greenness of society through ICT (Green by ICT). From 2008 onwards, Chunghwa Telecom developed 
measures year by year to improve the sustainability of the supply chain, and we accomplished two pioneering 
achievements:
Chunghwa Telecom supports government policy and prepares annual budgets for the purchase of green 
products that are either environmental-certified (less polluting, recyclable, resource-saving or green building 
material) or self-declared to be of less environmental impact throughout the product lifecycle (from raw 
material to disposal). The Company also actively participates in green procurement programs and activities to 
inspire green purchases amongst others in the industry and the public.
Our goals and policies concerning green procurement, as we hope to maintain green purchases at more than 
5% of the total purchases per year over the mid-term, and increase this percentage to more than 50% over the 
long term. To achieve this goal, we incorporated the ISO 20400 Sustainable Procurement Standard at the end 
of 2018. The implementation of the ISO management system helped reinforce the idea of green procurement.Green Supply Chain
Green Procurement• We were the first telecom company to propose the “Sustainable Supply Chain Initiative”  
 
• We were the first in the industry to join the “CDP Supply Chain Project” Effectively connecting with internationally prominent sustainability organizations and partners, also 
connecting the supply chain to respond to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
We invited 67 suppliers to participate in an international platform to submit carbon management 
information and improve their ability in managing carbon emissions with scientific and quantification 
mechanisms.
Year 2018 2019 2020
Green procurement total  (NT$ million) 1,487 1,024 904
Accounted percentage of total procurement 3.36 % 2.47% 1.08%
For more information about Green Supply Chain and Green Procurement, please refer to P .112-117
4G
110 111
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
CHT’s Sustainable Supply Chain Initiative –Sustainable Partner Certification
Chunghwa Telecom upholds its company motto 
and its mission as a Digital Economy Motivator and a 
Creative Industry Pilot, formally adopting the ISO 20400 
Sustainable Procurement Standard in 2018. With that, it 
evaluates its suppliers’sustainability performance with 
the sustainable framework.
We launched “Sustainable Partner Certification” 
mechanism in 2019. We examine suppliers by SGS 
second party audit results as well as their type and level 
of importance, and rate them as 4 tiers of “Gold, Silver, 
Bronze and Participation” accordingly. If a supplier fails 
to pass the certification process, it is granted a limited 
period of time to implement corrective measures. 
Rated suppliers shall receive a mark that corresponds 
to their rating, and an excellent mark will be seen as a 
favorable term when submitting a tender.
We hope to compile a“Chunghwa Telecom Sustainable 
Supply Chain” list through evaluation, training, audit 
and certification; we’d also like to lead our suppliers 
toward a sustainable future, improve the sustainability 
of telecom companies, business, and society as a 
whole, as well as keep abreast with the international 
trends of low-carbon economy.Establish the standard  
for sustainable procurement
Evaluate fulfillment of  
sustainability requirements
Eligibility evaluationSupplier selection mechanism
Evaluate suppliers’  capabilitySet the standard for minimum 
requirements
Performance assessment and  
continued improvementChoose procurement itemsCompliance 
with the Seven 
Core Subjects 
of the ISO 
26000 standard 
and other 
international 
standards
Suppliers CSR 
assessment 
questionnaire
CHT suppliers 
Sustainable Partner 
CertificationSGS  second  
party  auditSustainable Supply Chain
Every year Chunghwa Telecom purchases the software, hardware and services necessary for operations from 
international and domestic suppliers. This includes networking and data equipment, cables, marketing, 
design and waste disposal services. Our enormous purchasing power gives us a profound influence over the 
supply chain,hence the responsibility to guide our suppliers in the fulfillment of their CSR. This is achieved 
by implementing conduct that complies with the international supply chain ESG standards to guide the ICT 
industry towards sustainability.
We were the first telecom enterprise in Taiwan to join the CDP Supply Chain Project in 2017 when the 
industry was confronted by the critical issues of global climate change and its effect on corporate 
development. In 2018, we again became the first telecom company to incorporate the ISO 20400 Sustainable 
Procurement Standard. We strive to establish a better connection to the world on our path towards the 
development of sustainability. We officially launched Sustainable Partner Certification mechanism in 2019. 
A total of 16 sustainable suppliers have been awarded with Gold-tier certificates as of 2020.
From earlier on we have encouraged suppliers to disclose their carbon emissions and reduce them 
gradually. We plan to incorporate low-carbon emissions into our tender regulations: only groups with 
carbon emissions under a certain level can participate in our tendering process. Through sustainable 
planning, supplier evaluation and a green supply chain constructed on a hierarchical management system, 
we hope to achieve the following goals of sustainability: environmental protection, effective operations 
and management, robust labor rights, as well as safety and health. We were presented with “Certificate 
of Excellence in Sustainable Supply Chain” by SALcE in recognition of our implementation of supply chain 
management mechanism in 2020.
112 113
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
CHT Management Indicator Method Ratio
Supplier ESG auditing ratio per year • Occupational health and safety on-site audits / engineering and 
cable audits
• Second-party audit by the SGS-Taiwan
•  Critical non-tier-1 suppliers audits71 %
Percentage of suppliers assessed  
in ESG in the last 3 years29 %To promote awareness of CSR and ESG management in supply chain partners, SGS-Taiwan has been granted to 
tier 1 supplier on-site audits since 2010 in accordance with ESG principles of supply chain of Chunghwa Telecom. 
Since 2019, we increased the number of suppliers for second-party audit to 20 with an additional review process. We 
commit ourselves to 100% completion of ESG second-party audit for our key tier 1 suppliers by 2023. To make sure 
all our supply chain partners will be in compliance with ESG management requirements, our goal is to complete the 
sustainability rating of 140 suppliers and issue the certification mark by 2025.CSR On-Site Audits
Item Description2020 
Goal2020 
Outcome2021 
Goal
Completion of Online 
Supplier CSR SurveySuppliers with a procurement amount of NT$5 million or above 
is liable to fill out the Supplier CSR Survey that covers items of 
corporate ethics, labor rights, environmental management, and 
occupational safety and health.95% 100% 95%
Procurement staff that 
received CSR-related 
trainingIt is to ensure all CHT procurement staff understand and execute 
faithfully the“Code of Corporate Social Responsibility for Suppliers 
of Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd.”100% 100% 100%
Supplier contracts 
containing CSR-related 
termsSuppliers are explicitly required to abide by the“Code of Corporate 
Social Responsibility for Suppliers of Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd.” 
in their procurement contracts.100% 100% 100%
“CSR self-assessment  
form for suppliers”  
included in the 
documentation necessary 
in the tendering processTendering documentation stipulates that all bidders to fill out 
CSR self-assessment form for suppliers; additional elaboration 
on improvement is required in the event of breach of laws or 
regulations by suppliers.100% 100% 100%
Suppliers without 
violations against 
environmental protection 
lawsThe environmental management status by suppliers is captured via 
online questionnaires.100% 100% 100%
Supplier CSR  
second-party auditThrough second-party audit, key suppliers are ensured free from 
environmental and human right risks such as forced labor.100% 100% 100%
Audits on civil engineering/
cable contractorsA total of 191  audits were carried out on 74 contractors. As of the end of 2020, 29 suppliers were found 
with incidents of violation and the fines amounted to NT$874 thousand.
On-site safety and health 
inspectionsOccupational safety and health officers under the Northern and Southern Taiwan Business Groups 
and the Mobile Business Group conduct at least three on-site safety and health inspections per week. 
Upon discovery of non-conformities, relevant departments will be notified for corrective action 
tracking. A total of 19,716  inspections were conducted on  936 contractors in 2020.Overview of the Supply Chain ESG Management ResultsStrategy Management Target 2020 Results
Integrate ESG Principles to Chunghwa 
telecom supplier assessmentComplete 100% of “tier 1 suppliers” CSR current status 
assessment in 2020100%  of suppliers completed 
the CSR survey questionnaire
Ensure ESG conduct of the suppliers 
complies with “Code of Corporate Social 
Responsibility for Suppliers of Chunghwa 
Telecom Co., Ltd.”Complete 100% of “critical tier 1 suppliers” ESG on-site 
visits and audits in 2023 CSR on-site visits and audit 
rate reached 71%
Continue communication activities 
to promote supplier climate change 
adaptation measures and emissions 
data management• Complete 100% of “critical tier 1 suppliers” carbon 
management knowledge education in 2020 
• Collect information on climate change and carbon 
emission from suppliers at least once a year. 
• The number of suppliers who respond to Chunghwa 
Telecom’s CDP Supply Chain Project questionnaire 
reaches 200•  The first  Taiwan telecom 
carrier to participate in the 
CDP Supply Chain Project
• The suppliers’ response rate 
to the questionnaire was 
87.58%
ItemNumber of 
SuppliersAccounted 
Percentage 
of Turnover
Tier 1 Suppliers 2,078 99.16%
Critical tier 1 suppliers 192 85.61%
Critical non-tier 1 suppliers 28 --The Chunghwa Telecom suppliers fall into three categories: property, labor and engineering. Apart from 
professional network communication equipment which is mainly purchased overseas, we buy as much from 
local suppliers as possible to promote local economic development. The domestic procurement percentage 
was 80% in 2020. Our target is to reach 96% by 2023.Supply Chain ESG Management Strategy
Suppliers Analysis
1. Tier 1 suppliers are those that provide products or services 
directly to Chunghwa Telecom with an annual procurement of ≧ 
NT$100 thousand.
2. Critical tier 1 suppliers are those that provide products 
or services directly to Chunghwa Telecom with an annual 
procurement of ≧ NT$50 million.
3. Critical non-tier 1 suppliers are those that provide critical 
products and services to CHT tier 1 suppliers, but are not CHT 
tier 1 suppliers.
In 2020, aside from the existing Annual CSR Supplier 
Conference and environmental education visits, we 
organized the first CSR education and training for 
suppliers, inviting 70 representatives from nearly 50 
suppliers to Chunghwa Telecom. Apart from the ESG 
lecturers internally, we also invited professional ESG 
consultants to offer a 4-hour ESG program. With the 
education and training, we expected to communicate 
to the suppliers our commitment to the sustainable 
supply chain management and Sustainable Partner 
Certification system, so as to collectively bridge the 
supply chains of telecom industry to the international 
trend of sustainability, which also come with the 
benefits in the ESG area.ESG Capacity Promotion of Suppliers
114 115
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Type Description
Rewards top-
performing 
suppliersTo reward top-performing suppliers, Chunghwa Telecom conducted a trial in southern Taiwan, offering qualified 
suppliers the privilege of tender bond waiver when submitting tenders, as well as a reduction of the performance bond 
to 5% of the value of the contract won. This was an attempt to exert influence as an industry leader and bring more 
attention to corporate social responsibility.
Training of 
professional skillsOur Telecom Training Institute has been providing suppliers with relevant training and certification courses to satisfy 
their requirements. Some of the popular courses include: cabling contractor certification, telecom line construction 
quality assurance certification, and fiber optic contractor training. In 2020, the institute organized 38 classes and 
trained 707 workers; 383 of whom had obtained certification.The Achievements of CHT’s 2020 Supplier Energy Conservation Project
We published “Code of Corporate Social Responsibility for Suppliers of Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd.” in 2011, 
and it clearly outlines the Company’s expectations in terms of “business, ethics, labor, environment safety 
and health.” The guidelines apply to all suppliers that provide products or services to Chunghwa Telecom or 
its subsidiaries or joint ventures, and extend to other participants of the supply chain to which the supplier is 
directly or indirectly related. We hope that suppliers will commit to our values and take more proactive steps 
towards maintaining a sustainable business ecosphere.
CHT shares resources with suppliers to help them develop R&D capabilities and future technologies. We 
also devote ourselves to the creation of a friendly and innovative environment. We engage suppliers in R&D 
projects, reward their contributions, and make arrangements for the transfer of acquired technology and 
licenses fairly. Regarding hardware, we continue to support the development of telecom facilities and testing 
environments; in terms of software, we utilize open platforms to share our benefits with suppliers.Improvement of Suppliers’ Sustainable ActionsTypes of ProjectsThe Amount of Carbon Emissions 
Reduced (t-CO2e)Estimated Amount of Money  
Saved Each Year (USD)
Changes in Corporate Policies and Behaviors 230 138,916
Energy Efficiency in Buildings 1,165 5,624,859
Energy Efficiency in Manufacturing Processes 1,544 3,344,367
Low-carbon Energy Consumption 307 14,285
Self-produced Low-carbon Energy 0 232,314
Waste Reduction and Material Recycling 5 1,210
Others 0 14,751,915
Total 3,251 24,107,866
Participation in the Arena of Environmental Education Together with Suppliers in 2020 VideoAfter The Paris Agreement took effect, we entered an age of low-carbon economy. Chunghwa Telecom is a carrier in 
the information and communications industry, and this is a crucial issue of great urgency. We need to understand 
and respond to the impact of climate change and plan appropriate response strategies and actions at once.
In 2017, CHT first joined the “Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) Supply Chain Project.” We are promoting an 
understanding of climate change among our suppliers and will make every effort to increase their efficiency in 
carbon management. CHT is going to put an encouragement mechanism in place that will help suppliers with the 
research and development of products and services that have less impact on climate and environment. Our three 
goals for the supply chain carbon management are:The first Taiwan telecom carrier to participate in the CDP Supply Chain 
Project Connecting Low-Carbon Supply Chain
Supply Chain Sustainable Low-Carbon Management1. Increase supplier awareness and knowledge of climate change
2. Collect greenhouse gas emission information
3. Communicate and encourage changes in the behavior of suppliers
Abstract of the Results of Chunghwa Telecom’s 2020
“CDP Supply Chain Project”
49 % of suppliers 
responded to Chunghwa 
Telecom’s questionnaire  
(71% globally)
79 % of supplies incorporated 
climate change into long-term 
business strategic planning  
(on average 85% globally)Chunghwa Telecom’s 
supply chain reduced 
carbon emissions around 
2,470  thousand t-CO 2e
55 % of suppliers have set 
emission reduction goals48 % of suppliers have 
taken energy-saving 
and carbon reduction 
measures
61 % of suppliers have 
established procedures 
for evaluating  
climate-related risks
Published “Supplier’s Environment 
and Human Right Guidelines” 
which asked suppliers to follow 
labor and environment regulationsInvited critical suppliers to reply the 
“Supplier CSR Status Questionnaire”  
and held meetings to learn about 
supplier CSR complianceRequired that suppliers with 
purchase amounts of more 
than NT$5 million have to 
complete the “Supplier CSR 
Status Questionnaire”Commissioned SGS-Taiwan, a 
third-party inspection institution, 
to launch the “Suppliers CSR 
second party audit”
Formulated “Supplier CSR Status 
Questionnaire ” and formally started 
“supply chain CSR management” with 
CSR committee approval• Announced the “Code of Corporate 
Social Responsibility for Suppliers of 
Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd.”
• Started holding “CSR Supplier  
Conference ” annually and the  
publication of the analysis results of 
supplier CSR compliance• Became the first telecom service 
provider to implement the “Supply 
Chain CSR Second-party Audit” 
• Stipulated the “Chunghwa Telecom’s 
Operating Guidelines for Qualifying 
Material Suppliers” to manage the 
implementation of supplier CSR and 
ethical business practice• Formal incorporation of the ISO 20400 Sustainable 
Procurement Standard
• Collaborated with the Sustainable Alliance for Low-carbon 
Economy (SALE) to classify sustainable products and 
services and incorporated “Sustainable Partner” assessment 
mechanism, which consists of four tiers: Gold, Silver, Bronze 
and Participation. We were the first telecom company in 
Taiwan to implement Sustainable Partner Certification
Established the “Chunghwa 
Telecom Co., Ltd. Procurement 
Grievance Procedures” to give 
suppliers the means to raise 
complaints regarding Chunghwa 
Telecom purchasing activities 
in an open and transparent 
purchasing environment2008 2010 2012 2014
20092011 20132018
2015
Officially launched the sustainable 
partner certification – sustainable 
products and services rating system 
as well as recognized and awarded 
outstanding suppliers  “Gold-tier 
Certificates” during CSR Supplier 
ConferenceOrganized the first  
“Sustainable  
Environmental Visit”
Formally announced the 
CDP Supply Chain Project 
membership and became 
the first domestic telecom 
carrier to participate on the 
international platform2017 20192016
• Organization of the first ESG 
education and training event 
for suppliers
• Certifications of Excellence in 
Sustainable Supply Chain and 
of Sustainable Partner by SALcE
• Ongoing implementation of 
“Sustainable Partner Certification 
– Sustainable Products and 
Services Rating”  with 16 suppliers 
rated as Gold-tier2020
116 117
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
“I Helping”
Training volunteers for the 
visually impaired
——
Corporate  
volunteer action
——
“5I SDGs”  
strategies and goalsResponseR
IndicatorI
As the pilot of CSR, Chunghwa Telecom has developed its core competence to positively minimize the digital 
divide and devote itself to the creation of digital opportunities. Since 2015, we have chosen to connect 
with the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations. Through real action, we have 
demonstrated our determination to develop and implement global sustainability.
On the basis of complete digital inclusion strategy and bridging our years of experience in social inclusion, 
we promoted the 5I SDGs initiative. The “5I” in the initiative, apart from being a homonym to the phrase  
 “I Love” in Chinese, the “I” also suggests to “achieve the SDGs via ICT” that effectively connects the SDGs with 
the objectives of the DIGI+ locally. By expanding partnerships in collaboration with NPO/NGO, supporting the 
sharing of knowledge and technology resources, creating a connection between the underprivileged and other 
diverse groups in this digital era, and realizing a win-win situation for digital human rights and an innovative 
economy, technology allows us to link to the good cycle.
CHT’s 5I SDGs initiatives: I Helping, I Sharing, I Learning, I Technology and I Protecting, as the first real 
initiative in Taiwan that connects Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) with the Digital Country Innovative 
Economy Development Program (DIGI+) from the Executive Yuan. The goals of the 5I SDGs are:Chunghwa Telecom “5I SDGs” InitiativeSocial investment:  
NT$ 1,076,690  thousandGRI
Telecom subsidy for 
underprivileged groups: 
NT$ 195,855  thousandGRI
Digital Good Neighbors:  
89 locationsCHT
SROI of “Read with You": 
NT$ 6.47CHTShort-term: 
Effort to make telecom services more 
accessible continually and adjust the Digital 
Good Neighbors sites resiliently
——
“5G Limitless Plastic Free Day”  
Campaign for the implementation of  
I Sharing and I Protecting in 2021
Mid-long term:
Social investment will reach 1% of 
revenues by 2025 
——
To support the installation of access points 
for large-scale national festivals or sporting 
events and keep on providing tourists with 
a high-quality internet service every year
——
The Chunghwa Telecom Foundation funds 
NT$ 30 million  in the creation of digital 
opportunities in local communitiesTargetT
1. Embrace the world from Taiwan, officially responding and implementing the UN SDGs
2. Respond to the objectives of the DIGI+ of the Executive Yuan, widen the scope of digital inclusion and ensure 
Information Equality in the networked digital era
3. Leverage the core functions, connect expertise across branches and corporate volunteer resources, and 
work with professional communities to deepen the impacts of socially inclusive actions5I SDGs digital  
inclusion initiative
——
Telecom universal service
——
Digital Good Neighbors
——
“Read with You”  
- Community  
Network TutoringActionA
The LBG assessment of  
 investment in the community
——
Social Return on Investment  
(SROI) calculationManagementM
Minimize the digital divide and 
create digital opportunitiesStrategyS
       
 The Social Value Guide
The SDGs CHT contributes 
to in this section
118 119
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
I Helping + I Learning – 
Helping the visually-impaired to see museum
Chunghwa Telecom works with the Tamkang University Resource Center for the Visually Impaired, to live 
up to the spirit of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD), proactively exercising 
the digital and cultural equality. In 2020, we donated the computers for the blind we developed together 
over the past 3 decades to the National Science and Technology Museum to establish “Telecom@Taiwan” , 
the first exhibition with the guiding service for the visually impaired permanently available to facilitate the 
visually-impaired visitors to “see” the works of science and technology.
“I Helping”  of Chunghwa Telecom utilizes the smart information communication technology to develop “the 
integrated solution of in-depth museum tour for the visually impaired”, so that the visually impaired may 
listen to the information of exhibits via “Voice-based Personal Assistance App” before the tour. Combined 
with the QR Code on site for introduction, the braille system, push messages, and professional tour 
guides, one can gain knowledge of his/her surrounding environments via text and images. Also, corporate 
volunteers “exclusive to individual” are recruited and trained. “I Learning” – an effective, appropriate 
companion for the visually impaired to enjoy the tours to the National Science and Technology Museum 
and the National Museum of Natural Science throughout to explore the mysteries with biology and 
technology in depth. 
“I Helping” and “I Learning” of Chunghwa Telecom bridges the cultural lag via intelligent technology, helping 
the visually impaired to learn, expand their living sphere, and cultivate expertise. It aims to present a decent 
example to bring out more applications that follow, so as to fulfill the Goal 9 “Industry, Innovation and 
Infrastructure” and Goal 10 “Reduced Inequalities” in the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The 
popular science tours in 2020 benefited 42 visually-impaired individuals with 115 corporate volunteers involved.
Video
I Technology + I Sharing – 
the Stronghold for the National Critical Infrastructure Protection
“National CIP Designated Exercise for Critical Infrastructure” led by 
the Executive Yuan is one of the highest level of national exercise, 
Chunghwa Telecom constantly evolves its technology and has 
been designated by the Executive Yuan to organize the Designated 
Exercise for six years in a row. With multifaceted cyber resources 
and meticulous response capability against disasters combined, 
CHT was awarded the collective honor of “Outstanding Entity” in 
2020. Also, in light of the proper commanding and coordinating 
performance of our President Shui-Yi Kuo, which were highly 
recognized by the assessors, President Kuo was presented with 
the honor of  “Best Commander”.
Our core expertise span from mobile, fixed line, submarine communication cable, and data to the emerging 
technological energies like AI big data, cybersecurity, and blockchain, which fall into the “communications” 
area of the national critical infrastructure. The exercise went for more than 7 months. We joined hands with 26 
external response entities and realized a highly efficient horizontal communication. Targeting complex scenarios 
such as natural disasters, cybersecurity, man-made terrorism, we deployed overall contingency plans that fully 
demonstrated our resiliency in fighting and responding to disasters. As such, we successfully pulled off the 
contingency exercise that covered the widest in terms of disaster types and entity number while mobilized the 
most manpower over the years, and thus received the highest national recognition.
We shall continue to better the protections for various critical infrastructure, work closely with the public 
and private sectors to form joint defenses to ensure the business continuity of enterprises and the smooth 
communication and management of the country.
Video of 5I SDGs•  Over 8,000 
university students 
as tutors
•  Schoolchildren 
who have been 
tutored for over 
180,000 hoursI Learning
Love in  
Learning Team
Bridging the rural-
urban gap and flip 
education in rural 
areas
• Read with You
• CHTF’s projects
•  Over  50,000 
Corporate 
Volunteer Services
•  Over  3 million 
communities 
stakeholders being 
helpedI Sharing
Community  
Service Team
Promote local 
services as a 
friendly significant 
neighbor
• Taiwan telecom 
digital collection 
commentating
•  Cultivate  2,000 
technology 
education 
volunteers
•  Technology 
education services 
for over  5 millionI Technology
Technology 
Education Team
Utilize digital 
technology to 
promote digital 
equality
• Cellphone expert 
program in 
service center
•  Benefits over 
60,000 visually 
impaired people in 
Taiwan
•  Helping in lives 
and entertainment 
of over 200 
thousand visually 
impaired peopleI Helping
Visually-impaired 
Service Team
Assist the visually-
impaired in 
bridging to digital 
technology and 
services
•  Beacon case
•  Blind aid courses
• Reduce over  
 10 million  t-CO 2e 
carbon emission of 
suppliers
• Help reduce 
energy and carbon 
emissions of 
communities over  
 1 million  t-CO 2e
• Cleaning the marine 
debris for over 100 tI Protecting
Green  
Service Team
Save energy and 
reduce carbon 
emission to 
treasure Earth with 
green actions
•  Reduce marine 
debris
• Energy-saving 
volunteering5I
Corporate 
Volunteer
Core  
Competence
Action  
Plan
UN 
SDGs
2030
Goals
120 121
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
UN SDGs Description of CHT’s responses to the UN SDGs
• We proactively monitor and protect human rights issue (anti-discrimination, gender equality, freedom of association, collective bargaining, child labor, 
forced or compulsory labor, and aboriginal rights etc.). We respond to the UN Declaration of Human Rights and the ILO Convention on the elimination of all 
forms of discrimination.
• We prohibit forced and child labor, and also respond to the domestic legalization of UN International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the International 
Covenant on Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights, dedicating to promote human rights awareness and assure respect and fair treatment to all stakeholders.
• On digital equality issue, CHT is a member of the International Telecom Union and we fully comply with International Radio Regulations and assure the 
freedom of communication, transparency in global roaming charges and competition, support of Telecoms in developing nations, telecom services for 
persons with disabilities and the freedom of speech over telecom networks. In addition, we support the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights by conducting a human rights issue in the operational value chain is evaluated and we maintain all risk at a minimum level.
• Following the development of IoT , 5G, big data analysis, and AI, as the Leader in Smart Living and Agent of Digital Economy Empowerment, we 
assist Taiwan in constructing smart sustainable cities via smart solutions.
• Utilization of Intelligent Operation Center (IOC) on the foundation of technologies such as IoT is at the core of a smart city.
• Local governments can integrate individual systems of different departments, collect and analyze municipal information, present it in an 
intelligent, systematic, and visual fashion, gain information of appeals from citizens, air quality, fire disasters, traffic safety, and medical resources, 
and construct sustainable, safe, health cities with the IOC platform.
• The first edition of CSR/ESG report was released in 2007 and has been disclosing the non-financial information of the corporation for 14 years 
consecutively.
• A green procurement strategy is fully implemented with over NT$904 million of green procurement amount and accounting for 1.1% in the total 
procurement amount in 2020.
• We took the initiative of supplier CSR management actions in 2008, which made us the first telecom carrier that promotes CSR management for 
supply chain in Taiwan.
• From Code of Corporate Social Responsibility to questionnaire survey, annual CSR Supplier Conference, sustainability education, and on-site 
audits of over 100 suppliers in cooperation with the SGS, we improve the sustainability capacity of our supplier partners step by step.
• Through accumulation of a decade, apart from introduction of ISO 20400 sustainable procurement guidance, sustainable rating label was 
implemented in 2019, realizing the idea of sustainability in our products and services while maximizing the influence of procurement to create new 
green business opportunities.
• The dedicated Environmental Sustainability Task Force has been established under the CSR Committee, tasked with stipulation of environmental 
sustainable development goals and incorporation of issues of carbon management in the operation plan.
• In 2008, we introduced ISO 14064-1 greenhouse gases management system to inventory the carbon emissions with over 1,800 buildings and cell 
sites and pass the SGS certification each year, and the standard was offically converted to ISO 14064-1:2018 in 2020.
• We further connect to the external supply chains to promote sustainable, low-carbon supply chain practices and develop green products and 
services. Since 2016, approximately 100 supplier partners are led to environmental education venue to engage carbon management training to 
elevate their environmental protection awareness every year.
• We joined the CDP in 2018, promote whole supply chain carbon management actions, and are the first telecom carrier in Taiwan that signed and 
responded to the initiative of Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
• We became the first telecom operator in the world that passed BSI’s “conformity check for the TCFD Recommendations on climate-related 
financial disclosures” with the highest level attained. 
• In response to “Changhua County Joint Beach Cleanup Activity” in 2020, a total of 60 corporate volunteers joined the effort to clean up 14,100 kgs 
of general wastes and recycle 5,600 kgs of resources to contribute to the cause of “Protect the Ocean; Love the Planet”. 
• We worked with Dr. Jane Goodall in 2006 and formed an alliance to participate and care for environmental education and conservation issues and 
sponsored the Jane Goodall Institute in planning, producing, and publishing the “Roots & Shoots Environmental Education Newsletter for Children.”
• “Sustainable Environmental Education” initiative, firstly created in 2016,  we take 126 supplier partners to the environmental education venue to engage 
“Sustainable Environmental Visit” training in 2020.
• To ensure that all employees engage operation activities with the highest ethical standards, we have stipulated Ethical Corporate Management 
Best Practice Principles, Code of Ethics, and Procedures for Ethical Management and Guidelines for Conduct to lay out the required ethics and 
responsibilities when employees engage business conducts while comprehensively promote and deepen the corporate culture of ethics and 
integrity.
• Guidelines for Personnel Evaluation and Standards Governing the Administrative Rewards and Discipline of Chunghwa Telecom Personnel have 
been stipulated for personnel evaluation; rewards and disciplines are to be given in a timely manner pursuant to the regulations upon deeds 
worthy of rewards and conducts to be disciplined.
• Safe and rigorous whistleblowing mechanism is established; the employee grievance hotline is made available in the Employee Section on the EIP .
• Certification of Conformity to Code of Conduct by an external third party is conducted as of 2020.
• We connect organizations, global and local, with the corporate resources and core competences to serve specific stakeholders, stakeholders in the 
rural areas, and disadvantaged stakeholders, so as to create a digitally inclusive society.
• Since 1988, we have been working with the Center of Resources for Visual Impairment of Tamkang University and dedicating ourselves to aiding 
the visually-impaired with telecom technologies and development of a voice-based assistance app for the convenience of their lives.
• Since 2009, we have been promoting Read with You network tutoring for over a decade joint forces with Fu Jen Catholic University, replacing roads 
with networks to offer schoolchildren in rural areas a hand on their schoolwork.
• Since 2015, working with the NTU Hackathon and establishing the network environment in the venue for the participants to retrieve data to 
produce innovative solutions.
• To facilitate the economic autonomy of community industries, CHT Foundation has been working with social enterprises like Xizhou Water Farmer 
Company, Indi-Power Social Enterprise, and Kanner Foundation of Taiwan, putting the produce and products of the indigenous communities 
on the CHT Employee Purchase Net for our fellow employees to jointly support the community-based industries while promote the idea of 
sustainability. Also, the Children Are Us bakery was set up on the Company to increase its channels with real actions.UN SDGs Description of CHT’s responses to the UN SDGs
• To bridge the gap of communication and information quality between the rural and urban areas, we go into the mountains and offshore islands to 
construct 4G cell sites.
• In response to the objectives of Digital Nation & Innovative Economy Development Program and Forward-looking Infrastructure Development 
Program - Digital Infrastructure, actions are taken as the testimony to CHT’s capacity in social inclusiveness.
• Over NT$400 million is allocated to construction and maintenance of universal telecommunication service to realize 4G in every town and village 
and 100% coverage in towns and villages in an endeavor to fulfill the visions of promote social innovation and information equality and realize the 
win-win of digital human rights and innovative economy.
• Responding to SDG 1 with actions to ensure that all, the poor and the vulnerable, have equal rights to economic resources, as well as access to 
basic services.
• CHT develops AI agricultural analysis model. Agricultural sensors are deployed for catering to the needs of farmland to collect data of growth 
environment and weather for compilation and analysis to produce forecast of the farmland’s conditions in the following days. Also, the data is 
uploaded to a smart agriculture cloud platform via NB-IoT technology, with which farmers can arrange their farming schedule accordingly.
• Through NB-IoT technology, technology is introduced to agriculture, analyzing key environmental monitoring parameters of produce. The 
optimum environment for produce’s growth is built and risks of agricultural disaster are reduced via forecast of the future tendency of data 
changes, which facilitate the improvement of yield and quality of produce and achieve the goal of a smart quality agriculture.
• As the first telecom service provider that introduced OHSAS 18001 and TOSHMS as well as obtained certification of ISO 45001 – occupational health and 
safety management systems, CHT implements the management of its employees safety and health in an institutionalized and systematic manner.
• Health checkup for employees is conducted annually, together with Employee Assistance Programs, health lectures, hiking, tours, and sports 
competition for employees; professional medical doctors and health managers are invited to offer health advisory to employees, so as to build well-
rounded caring measures for employees.
• The Mobile management tool eSafe Wizard app for occupational safety and health developed to allow personnel to manage the operation on-site via 
cellphone introduces cloud, paperless, real-time, and effectiveness into the safety and health management.
• Read with You Network tutoring program has been promoted joint forces with Fu Jen Catholic University since 2009, assisting disadvantaged 
students in primary and middle school students in the rural areas in their schoolwork while keeping the students company for their psychological 
need for companionship, which substantially facilitate school children in the rural areas in overcoming rural-urban gap and flipping their lives.
• CHT Digital Good Neighbor program executed for over a decade set up digital centers in 89 towns and villages across the country to promote digital 
applications joint forces with CHT , CHT Foundation, and local organizations and teams.
• CHT’s ICT expertise is fully leveraged to assist local organizations in rural areas or in need to establish a stable network environment and ensure 
the rights to digital technology in local community.
• We value right to work and gender equality; the pay to female employees, management level or not, is equal to that of a male employee.
• Directions for Chunghwa Telecom Sexual Harassment Prevention and Grievance Management has been stipulated to put the Act of Gender Equality 
in Employment into practice.
• Appeal Review Committee has been established to handle appeals concerning discrimination against employees and other inappropriate 
conducts. There are 5 members on the committee, including 3 female members, which is over a half of the seats.
• Our water usage is primarily domestic purpose; apart from water for washing, water for cooling air-conditioning accounts for the majority of water 
usage.
• The water resource management nationwide is included in the EARTH system of CHT’s own device, as the innovative water bill management in the 
system can achieve a centralized management of water bills and water usage throughout the branches in Taiwan with ease that not only reduces the 
waste of water bill printing, but also analyzes and controls the consumption of water resource via big data.
• In 2019, the water footprint inventory for the IDC at Banqiao introduce ISO 14046 water footprint standard and having obtained the assurance 
statement upon passing the SGS certification.
• Through the water footprint inventory of the IDC, the water usage and water pollution throughout the life cycle of the IDC are taken into consideration 
to identify the environmental risks concerning water resource and as the critical reference to the planning for water management policy and measures 
in the future.
• Renewable energy has been actively developed to bridge ourselves to green energy. As of the end of 2020, CHT has installed solar PV systems 
throughout Taiwan with a total capacity of 2,783.665 kWp.
• Marching into the green energy industry,  we assisted to build the solar power stations.
• Undertook solar power plant construction projects of Taiwan Cement subsidiary and Taipower respectively, the previous one is the largest 
construction project of solar power plant commissioned by the private sector.
• CHT is the only telecom carrier with a labor union established and a collective bargaining agreement with it. The agreement covers issues 
pertaining to layoff, reward/punishment, promotion, health and safety, etc. In 2020, the employees covered by the agreement reached 99.26%. 
Meanwhile, a labor director is appointed to sit on the Board of Directors to voice the needs of employees to the top level.
• Complete education, reasonable remuneration, and a dignified environment allow our employees to commit themselves at work and reduce 
turnover rate.
• In 2011, EYE Social Innovative Call Center was established and the first comprehensive solution in Taiwan was released, training the visually-
impaired individuals into call center personnel and offering work opportunities.
• High-speed broadband network is deployed continuously to improve the network speed for clients; ultra-speed broadband network of 1Gbps is 
being deployed pursuant to the DIGI+ of the Executive Yuan, which is expected to reach a 90% coverage by 2020 to meet the demands from the 
video streaming services in the age of digital convergence.
• Upholding the spirit of digital equality, we are actively deploying mobile network in rural areas and improving network infrastructure and 
communication coverage in the rural areas in addition to being the No. 1 in the number of cell sites both across Taiwan and of counties/cities 
deployed; the mobile broadband coverage in the rural areas is above 97.58%.
122 123
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Chunghwa Telecom refers to the community investment 
evaluation mechanism of the LBG (London Benchmark 
Group), to conduct evaluations on the possible community 
benefits and business benefits before an investment made. 
The quantification of the contribution of social investment 
allows us to make reasonable resources allocation while 
avoiding repetition. It helps the decision-making and 
promotion of charities as well as future sponsorship.
Chunghwa Telecom Foundation was founded in 2006. Through long-term cultivation of our core competence 
to communities, tribes, urban fringe, and areas with relatively lack of resources, the Foundation is a resource 
platform for connecting and arranging the good material, and further share to needed locations. It has 
become the strength that supports and assists the advancement of these local areas.
Chunghwa Telecom and Chunghwa Telecom Foundation have joined hands cultivating communities for 13 
years, establishing digital good neighbors across Taiwan to bridge the rural-urban gaps in resources, serve as 
the platform to connect resources, offer resources such as community digital learning, youth volunteering, 
sports/cultural/art activities, and local industries promotion, as well as discover moving stories and local 
industries unique to local communities.
Today, the partnering bases have been set up across all corners of Taiwan Island and offshore islands, covering 
ethnic groups of Minnan, Hakka, indigenous peoples, and the new immigrants. With the unity and connection 
of good neighbors, we expect a variety of residents different in ethnicity and ages can all gain opportunities 
and energy from them while bridging the gap between cities and towns/villages in resources.
Click Taiwan ─ Service Learning for Youth in Universities and Colleges
Since 2009, Chunghwa Telecom Foundation accepts applications from youth in college with 2 people in a 
group. The students are required to have a prior knowledge of the needs in the community, combine their 
expertise, design, and implement services catered to the local needs, while documenting the processes 
in texts and images. In 2020, students from 31 departments across 16 universities, total 29 groups carried 
out services in communities with the respective expertise and talents like planning activities of poetry 
composition and reciting, GPS hometown treasure-hunting game, painting hometown as well as courses 
like reading, laws, baking, play writing, and photography for the people in the communities, young and old, 
to enjoy a fruitful summer vacation. Meanwhile, they also conducted historical and cultural field research 
in the communities, designed pamphlets for the industries, shot the root-seeking documentaries of the 
tribes, curated the opening exhibition for the Tribal History Museum, etc. to preserve local stories while bring 
forth new ideas and perspectives for the communities to facilitate the communities’ growth and bridge the 
urban-rural gaps from diverse facets. The participants in Click Taiwan had been primarily youth from the 
departments relevant to communication. In 2021, we adjusted our marketing approach and expand our reach 
to more schools and departments such as those of natural science in hopes of ushering in more perspectives 
for the local communities in rural areas in order to propose service solutions tailored to the needs on the 
ground locally.Social Investment Management
Minimizing the Digital Divide
Chunghwa Telecom Foundation Cultivates and Works with Communities 
for the Common GoodCash Donations 167,262
Product or Service Donations 705,118
Management Expenditures 20,891
Corporate Volunteer Services 183,420
Total 1,076,692
Hours of Corporate Volunteer Services 16,970
Percentage of Revenue 0.52%Social Investment Statistics for 2020
Unit: NT$ thousand
Event Link360 Degree of Digital Inclusion Actions
Chunghwa Telecom focuses its social investment in minimizing the digital divide and the creating 
of digital opportunities, given the specific nature and the core competence of information and 
communication in the ICT industry. We also spare no effort in the advocacy of corporate volunteers 
to participate in local community services, and proactively assist the communities in creating digital 
opportunities. We promote all aspects of digital inclusion using 360-degree vision.
In 2020, Chunghwa Telecom established 27 sites for accessibility to telecom services in long-term 
support of a government initiative to protect fundamental rights to communications.
Chunghwa Telecom Digital Inclusion Strategy 2020 Results
Minimize the Digital Divide
Chunghwa Telecom Foundation  
Digital Good Neighbors
• The Digital Good Neighbors were located in  89 
placesChunghwa Telecom Foundation  
Click Taiwan
• The 12th Click Taiwan: totaling 58 school students 
went deep into  29 different villages
The annual investment of Telecom universal 
service is approximately 4.9 hundred million
• Telephone services for more than 220,000  
homes in 86 rural communities in Taiwan
• Data communication service for more than 
120,000 households
•  Data connection service for more than 600 high 
schools, primary schools, and public libraries.
•  More than 36,000 public telephones installed 
across 22 counties/cities
Preferential subsidies for  
the disadvantaged groups
• Care for  77,398 households of the disadvantaged 
groups, with subsidies amounting to NT$ 195,855 
thousand
Equipment supports  
for major events
• Broadband circuit, MOD platform promotion, 
mobile base station vehicles, SMS, Wi-Fi AP , 
temporary data circuit
• The coverage rate of the 12Mbps popularization 
broadband service is over 97.58 %Create Digital Opportunities
The CHT Digital Innovative  
Application Series
• The CHT Digital Innovative Application Series 
has been running for 13 years to promote digital 
development in Taiwan
Assistance application  
development / Employment
• App for the Visually Impaired has been viewed 
over 20 million  times since 2013
• We established the EYE Social Innovative 
Call Center where the visually impaired can 
become paid service personnel and earn their 
own livingPC education  
Network tutoring
• Read with You Community Network Tutoring 
has tutored near 3,152  students over 12 years 
and the tutorial hours has now reached 97,105
• iPhone usage training courses for the visually 
impaired were regularly held in support of the 
visually impaired assistance plan
124 125
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Preferential Plan Preferential ContentPreferential 
Amount
 (NT$ thousand)Beneficiaries
(persons)
Caring Series Rate 
Plan (Mobile)• Double communication hours from the original rate plan for the 
visually impaired, hearing impaired and speech impaired.
• 300 free SMS intra-network and 100 free SMS extra-network for the 
hearing and speech impaired. The intra-network image telephone 
rate is the same for 3G customers.390 123
Broadband 
Preferential Plan 
for Low-income 
Households50% off on 16M/3M, 35M/6M, 60M/20M, 100M/40M, ADSL 2M/64K & 
ADSL 5M/384K monthly rate.40,116 8,361
4G Mobile Data Plan 
for the DisabledDisabled persons are entitled to an NT$100 discounts for limited 
399/436/499 plan, NT$200 discounts on monthly subscriptions when 
subscribing to the 4G 599 plan and above plus Wi-Fi hotspots for free 
during the term of the contract.132,519 58,505
Broadband 
Preferential Plan for 
the Disabled• 5% off on HiNet 16M/3M, 35M/6M, 60M/20M and 100M/40M monthly 
rate, 30% off for the announced rate of HiNet non-fixed monthly 
plan
• 15% off on ADSL 5M /384K monthly rate. 5% off for other speed 
rates. Monthly rate for non-fixed Internet plan lowered from 
NT$280 to NT$180.13,578 7,317
MOD Caring Project 
and Project for the 
Socially Unfortunate• Platform charges: A 50% discount (NT$45/month) from the work 
completion date.
• Subscribers of the MOD self-choose package, family premium package, 
family advance package, family advance package B, family high-quality 
package, family special package, family popular package, family golden 
package are entitled to 30% discount, and the normal rate after the 
discount period expires.
• The above projects all apply to the socially unfortunate and the caring 
project has no time limitation, the project for the socially unfortunate 
provides discounts for the first 24 months after the work completion date.9,237
calculated 
on the basis 
of the 2-year 
preferential 
discount3,079
Healthy Net PlanHiNet Adult Content Gatekeeper protects children from harmful 
websites such as pornography, violence, suicide, weapons, gambling, 
and drugs. The service in the first year is rendered to low-income 
households for free.15 13
Welfare Public 
Telephone• Installed 110 cm from the floor in public areas for the convenience of the disabled.
• The keyboard was designed with embossing on the 5 key for the visually impaired, and a voice adjustment 
function (from 3db to 6db) was provided exclusively for people with hearing aids. 
• A slot for inserting is designed on the side of an IC card for the convenience of the visually impaired.
Message Relay Service 
for the Hearing and 
Speech ImpairedAll telephone messages will be translated and faxed to the service hotline 0800 – 080885 (Help Me in 
Chinese homonym). The service personnel will then relay the message in voice and return the message to 
the hearing and speech impaired caller (up to 80 words for the relay and up to 30 words for reply). Those 
who are not hearing and speech impaired may also call the hotline (0800-080880) for the relay of messages 
via fax to the hearing and speech impaired. The service hours are 08:00 to 21:00 daily.Chunghwa Telecom has long been subsidizing telecom services for the socially disadvantaged, and assuring 
their access to basic communications. The following are the main preferential plan and amount in 2020.Preferential Subsidies for the Disadvantaged Groups Reflections from the Participating Students in Click Taiwan
2020 Social Contribution of the Foundation
Item Youth EmpowermentDigital 
EmpowermentLocal Empowerment Social MarketingCHT Women’s 
Basketball Team
Unit: NT$ 2,888,895  4,004,915 3,302,624 4,249,313 20,946,802
From the youth of the Katratripulr Tribe, we could detect 
their profound affection and passion for the tribe and cultural 
inheritance. Hence, we’d like to share the spirit and emotion 
with each and every audience.Katratripulr Tribe, Taitung
“There are numerous ways to come home. You get to choose 
what you want, as no one demands you to know them all. Just 
find something interesting to find your own identity.”
As time goes by, the people of Truku dwelling in the Rubas 
Tribe have gone beyond the old days when they traded with 
each other in kind self-sufficiently to the days of trading in 
currency. Making a living for the family and for study become 
the new center in their lives.Rubas Tribe, Hualien
Without the invitation of my partner, my summer vacation this 
year would have been just like the other summer vacations 
previously, working day in and day out and going on trips with 
friends to the Instagram hotspots everybody goes. The trip I’ve 
always aspired for is a trip for me to find a place to stay longer. 
I think if you want to know a place, you have to blend in the 
local life, so you can truly appreciate the features, the beauty, 
and the attractions of the place.Mailiao Culture Association, Yunlin
The family of the pastor gave up their works, following the 
pastor’s footstep to contribute to the children of Dadu. They 
support and believe in each other and work collectively. 
Everyone in Tian En is an essential piece to a puzzle that 
builds this place full of love. The pastor’s family share a more 
intimate, stronger bond thanks to Tian En. Hence, this is what 
we want to document, i.e. the content, kind family that left a 
mark on our hearts.Tian En Association, Taichung
126 127
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
The CHT Foundation saw the manpower and resources in short supply locally while the local industries were 
limited in their developments. With 2020 as the starting point, we came up with the project of “Click Taiwan 
Innovative Design Action”. Together with a social enterprise, we recruited designers with expertise in design and 
urban-rural development as well as teachers from universities and colleges. They were to team up and go into 
the designated communities. By tapping into their design power, the selected teams were to produce solutions 
for local industries jointly with their community partners. After a fierce competition in the selection process, 
three designer teams from NKNU, NKUST , and Asia University stood out. 
Starting from August 2020, they went into the communities to engage 
dialogues locally. After brainstorming with multiple stakeholders, 
preliminary studies, design and development, prototyping, and the 
funding for realization in the end, they assisted Song Zhu Community in 
Lucao Township of Chiayi County, Liming Community in Neipu Township 
of Pingtung, and Paqeljing Social Enterprise from Tjuabal Tribe of Taitung 
to produce design solutions together. Also, they organized an offline 
exchange event, followed by an online salon, inviting Frank Hung, the 
author of bestsellers, and Qing-Yang Xiao, renowned designer shortlisted 
in Grammy Awards, to talk with each other and share their practical 
design solutions for placemaking.Placemaking Promotion - Click Taiwan Innovative Design Action
• The original lines and colors of “Paqeljing” 
were softened to present a new logo that is 
more friendly and warm.
• In echo with the imagery of tenth  
anniversary, the “Gleaning Series” belly 
bands were designed with the earth 
tones and food ingredients introduced to 
promote the produce of the indigenous 
community.• To promote indigenous produce, the 
traditional mochi is fused with local 
produce (e.g. dragon fruit, peanuts, cocoa, 
butterfly peas, etc.) to give birth to the new 
mochi that is colorful and healthy. Ten 
corresponding mascots were designed as 
well to draw the younger population to 
buy the products.
• The brand identity, Liming Boutique, is 
created with the community’s landscape, 
name, and local industry as the elements 
for the CIS.• The giftbox is designed with the “Song Zhu 
Cattle” by the elderly as well as story cards 
and a community map inside to arouse the 
nostalgic mood of the people away from 
home while invite new friends to pay a visit.
• The picture book of the community produced 
through field research preserves the local 
stories.Paqeljing Social  
Enterprise,  
Taitung CountyLiming Community,  
Neipu Township,  
PingtungSong Zhu Community,  
Lucao Township,  
Chiayi CountyBy utilizing our expertise in telecom technology, we will ensure that everyone shares the advantage of 
technology despite financial or social standing, or geographical location. In this way we hope to quickly 
achieve the objective of minimizing the digital divide and creating digital opportunity. In addition to 
previously described action plans and subsidy, different from those of other enterprises, we also contributed 
resources to developing related products and services to meet the needs of the disabled and allow them to 
realize their right of access to the digital technology and convenient lives.The Creation of Digital Opportunities
Established in 1974, Chunghwa Telecom Women’s Basketball Team (CHT WBT) has been involved in “Love & Care 
Charity Tournament Series” for 10 consecutive years since 2011, hoping to convey the refreshing, healthy image 
of CHT WBT and the ESG philosophy of Chunghwa Telecom via the Series.
In 2020, to enhance its bonds with communities and in light of the epidemic, we presented “Basketball 
Kids Summer Camp - CHT WBT in the House” at Good Digital Neighbors to play basketball with kids in the 
communities like Changhua, Yilan, and Tainan. In addition, 3 games of “3-on-3 Basketball Charity Cup” were 
organized in Hsinchu, Taitung, and Pingtung, drawing nearly 400 teams across Taiwan. Hence, we promote the 
sport of basketball via basketball games while uncover young seeds here and there and inspire young students 
to dare to realize their dreams.Chunghwa Telecom Women’s Basketball Team Gives Back to Communities
128 129
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Chunghwa Telecom has engaged in long-term cooperation with the Resource Center for the Visually Impaired 
at Tamkang University for more than 30 years and the EYE Social Innovative Call Center was set up in 2011. 
These joint efforts led to the unveiling of the first Total Solution in Taiwan. It includes research, development, 
and improvement of a computer-assisted telephone system, and its corresponding skill development, training, 
supervision for the needs of the visually impaired talents to offer the phone-services.
We believe humanity to be the foundation of 
technology innovation. In 2013, we launched a 
Voice-based Personal Assistance App that was 
specifically designed for the visually impaired. The 
App incorporates image, voice, reading, and lifestyle 
functions to assist both visually impaired and elders 
to face some of their difficulties. We also successfully 
developed “i4Blind” app in 2016 that makes a great 
assistant to the visually impaired and the elderly in 
life. In 2020, the number of logins hit 510,000 with 
over 52,679 downloads and over 20 million viewings 
accumulatively.Assistance Application DevelopmentEYE Social Innovative Call Center—Innovative Technology for Hope
The automated voice system for donations  
developed by Chunghwa Telecom Laboratories has 
proved to be helpful for charities, social welfare, 
cultural, educational, and environmental protection 
institutions. It gives donors a more convenient means 
of donation. A donor simply needs to pick up their 
cell phones, dial the short code, and follow the voice 
prompts to contribute care to those in need. In 2020, 
there were 8,235 donations, totaling NT$4 million.Automated Voice Donations• In 2015, the Company completed an upgrade to the Taipei City 1999 hotline, making it user-friendly to the 
visually impaired. This upgrade included: a real-time notification system, a three-way call feature with voice 
recording, English/Japanese services, a verbal abuse referral feature, a call duration reminder, a health 
regulation inquiry feature, and a quick link to service sub-categories. These upgrades greatly improved the 
scope and efficiency of the service.
• By the end of 2018, the Total Solution had provided 8 working opportunities for the satisfaction surveyors of 
Chunghwa Telecom (including one visually impaired manager). And there were another 15 customer service 
personnel (12 visually impaired and 3 supervisors) for the Taipei City 1999 hotline.
• In 2020, we continued to supply job opportunities to CHT satisfaction survey personnel with “overall 
solutions”, producing approximately 5,500 valid questionnaires with a yield rate over 96% on a monthly 
basis. In average, the 1999 Citizen Hotline of Taipei City processed about 8,000 calls monthly with 10 external 
entities visiting the call center annually, which made it a model for the other call centers.
• We initiated new employment opportunities for persons with spinal injuries. Including one with severe 
injury serves as 4G visual assistance service personnel, i.e. assisting visually impaired people with image 
identification through 4G cloud services, which helps to promote the quality and independence for the 
visually impaired people’s daily life while providing employment opportunities for the severely disabled.Video
Chunghwa Telecom has supported education and shown its concern for rural villages ever since 2009, in the 
aftermath of Typhoon Morakot. We extended our service to the permanent settlements and newly developed 
communities in the disaster zones. Using visual Internet technology, we delivered educational resources in the 
form of private tutorship in rural villages for the unfortunate. We hope to give the children of the next generation 
a learning environment which is safe, dignified, and hopeful.Community Network Tutoring—“Read with You”
1. The data period started from December 2009 to December 2020.
2. The person-times and training hours for the mid- and long-term targets for volunteers were adjusted thanks to the early attainment of 
the program’s targets.Schoolchildren who 
have been TutoredUniversity Students as 
TutorsTutorial HoursParticipants in Summer 
and Winter Classes
3,152 4,863 97,105 2,980Item Description
GoalBy 2030, we hope to:
• Assist 5,000 students in the remote areas with network tutoring
• Accumulate more than 8,000 volunteers to participate in network tutoring
• Accumulate more than 150,000 training hours for tutoring volunteers training
Characteristic• Online education with one-on-one individual tutoring by university students helps 
pupils of junior high schools and primary schools in the rural villages to enhance 
their learning and provides equal learning opportunities.
Method• To realize the spirit of stakeholder engagement, we have cooperated with the Center of 
Care Services for Taiwan Rural Area Education at Fu Jen Catholic University.
• University students helped the cause with one-on-one tutoring to take care of the 
school children in the rural villages and disaster zones.
• Customized exclusive class supplements to care for the spiritual growth of 
schoolchildren through companionship, interaction and communication.
Participant• Taoyuan Dayuan Catholic Church, Taoyuan Guanyin Catholic Church, Chiayi Fu Jen 
High School, ihope Association of Tainan Assembly of God, Kaohsiung Daai Library, 
Pingtung Feng-Lin Church, Pingtung Chao Chou Boys Town, Hualien Yuli Library, 
Taitung Fukid Tribe, Taitung Luye Library, Taitung Kaulahan Association, Taitung 
Citong Library, Taitung Lanyu High School, and Matzu High School.
Major Result• University students improve the children’s learning outcomes with one-on-one 
individual tutoring of the school children in rural villages. They also took care of their 
need for personal communication and interaction.
• More than ten-years efforts by e-Tutor, it has helped several dozen students 
gain admission to national and private universities, including the National Yang 
Ming University and Taipei Medical University. Assistance to remote villages has 
really reduced the divide between the cities and counties, radically improved the 
opportunities available to the children and changed their lives.
130 131
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
06
Public Policy
Participation
In 2020, Chunghwa Telecom donated about NT$600 million in the 
participation of public policy items including joining national and 
international associations, supporting government popularization 
services and constructions and developing its prospective industries.
132 133
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Name of Association DescriptionAllocated Amount 
Annually NTDName of Association DescriptionAllocated Amount 
Annually NTD
Taiwan 
Telecommunication 
Industry  
Development 
AssociationWe care for the development of telecommunication 
industry in Taiwan while facilitate exchanges among 
peers and the healthy networking of the industry as a 
whole with the Association as the platform.8,014,000Taiwan  
Network  
Information  
CenterTo facilitate and coordinate exchanges and  
integration among the national and international 
Internet organizations, promote the popularization of 
Internet application, and secure international Internet 
resources and opportunities for cooperation.441,000
GSMAExchanges are carried out with mobile communication 
carriers worldwide, in software and hardware, to tap 
into the pulse of the global mobile communication 
ecosystem and facilitate the thriving development of 
the mobile communication industrial chains.2,600,175Intelligent 
Transportation 
Society of TaiwanWith resources of industries, governments, academia, 
and research communities, at home and abroad, 
we lead and facilitate development of intelligent 
technology in ICT and transportation to improve 
transportation safety, energy-saving, and emission 
reduction, as well as raise the efficiencies of energy 
and resources, so as to fulfill our social responsibility 
as a world citizen.200,000
The Chinese  
Institute of  
Electrical  
EngineeringWith a long-term support to the Institute’s development 
in the fields of electricity, telecommunication, 
information, and electronics, we facilitate the academic 
exchanges among the relevant industries and talents 
domestically.2,530,000Pacific 
Telecommunications 
CouncilThe exchange and alliance with the professionals 
in the industries, the public sector, and academia 
related to the telecommunication and ICT industries 
in the Asian-Pacific region help in business promotion 
and publicity.140,085
TM 
ForumThe knowledge of 5G operation and management, 
development strategies, and advanced technologies 
worldwide are gained to streamline with the 
international standards, create an integrated 5G 
ecosystem, offer quality ICT services, and innovate the 
digital transition of industries.1,906,629Taiwan  
Business Council 
for Sustainable 
Development  
(BCSD-Taiwan)With the joint force of member businesses, we 
advocate and promote environmental protection and 
resource management while bridge the international 
trends and practices in sustainable development for 
the purpose of corporate’s sustainable development.120,000
Taiwan  
Media  
WatchTo support “safeguarding press freedom, realizing 
media justice, promoting media self-discipline, and 
protecting people’s right to know”.1,000,000APSCC  
 (Asia-Pacific  
Satellite 
Communications 
Council)To harness the application and technology in satellite 
communications as well as expand the satellite 
business and technological growth.90,000We have joined almost 100 associations and groups to upgrade its technology and stimulate the development of 
the industry through exchange and cooperation within the industry or across different industries. The following 
table presents the top three associations and other iconic associations Chunghwa Telecom involves in.
134 135
01Corporate  
Overview 02Sustainability
Value Strategy 03Material Topics
and Impact 05The Creation of
Sustainable Value 04Sustainability Risks  
and Opportunities 06Public Policy
Participation
Material TopicsShort-term Goals  
 (2021)Mid- and Long-term Strategies  
 (2022-2026)
Innovative ICT products 
and services• Launch of “Rise on, Together 2021” transformation plan• Over  5 million 5G users
• Over 10,000  5G base stations
Climate change and 
energy management• Complete the first smart green-energy staff dormitory in Taiwan
• “5G Limitless Plastic Free Day” Campaign for the implementation 
of I Sharing and I Protecting• The capacity for renewable energy constructed from proprietary was 3,975.5  kWp by 2023
• Taking 2017 as the base year, a 10%  reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in our buildings
• Taking 2017 as the base year to cumulatively save 10%  of the energy by 2023 pursuant to the  
facilities room energy-saving program
Competitive remuneration 
and benefits• Fosters talents and allows all employees to share the results of the 
operations, recruit and retain talent with a  3%  salary increase
• Obtained the external third-party Certificate of Conformity for 
Code of Conduct (CoC) 
• Maintain reward of senior employees• Workplace childcare support centers will start by 2022
• To ensure that employees’ average salary is in the top 5% of the industry
• To maintain the collective agreement coverage rate at 99%
• To reach 100% in implementing general education coursesFair and equal labor-
management relations and 
employee engagement
Health and safety• Reach 99%  in employees’ participation in the routine physical ex -
amination
• 100%  branches receive ISO 45001 certification by 2021• Maintain ISO 45001 management system certification vaild for every branch
Accurate product labelling • 0 case of major unclear labelling or incidences of fraud• To ensure  100% complete compliance with laws and internal regulations in promotional information 
of products and services
Rigorous cybersecurity 
protection• 0 case of major cyber security and personal information leakage 
incidents
• Insure “data protection insurance”
• Obtained the external third-party SGS Certificate of Conformity for 
Privacy Policy• Regular examination and adjustment to the policies, regulations, and strategies for cyber and per -
sonal information security
• Conduct External and internal audits, pass the investigations of the competent authorities, and ob -
tain third-party certifications 
Corporate governance• 0 cases of major legal violations
• Proportion of independent directors on the Board maintain  35%  
and above
• 2 females directors on the Board of Directors• To ensure that no major violations of Taiwan’ s economic, environmental and social regulations occur
Sustainable supply chain 
management• Maintain 100%  of “tier 1 suppliers” CSR current status assessment 
in 2020
• The number of suppliers responding to Chunghwa Telecom’s CDP 
Supply Chain Project questionnaire reaches 200• Complete 100%  of “critical tier 1 suppliers” ESG on-site visits and audits in 2023
• Complete the sustainability rating of 140  suppliers and issue the certification mark by 2025
• The green procurement amount reaches 50%  in the total procurementStrategies and Goals for Material Topics
136 137
Material Topics How We Manage the TopicPurpose of the
Management ApproachPolicyPerformance
(Page)Grievance
Mechanism
Economic 
Performance 
(Innovative ICT 
Products and 
Services)We have a robust corporate governance system that involves independent directors and supervisors. The Audit 
Committee, the Strategy Committee and the Audit Department have been established for effective control of 
operating costs and business direction.To ensure that the Company’s operations 
conform to the requirements of the government 
and supervising authorities, and that  
shareholders’ and stakeholders’ interests are 
protected.• “Business Integrity Principles”
• “Behavioral Guidelines”
• “Corporate Governance Principles”P .22• Shareholder 
hotline: 2394-1845
• Investor hotline: 
2344-5488
Market PresenceWe have established a compensation committee, which helps to ensure that we provide employees with 
competitive salaries. We’ re also able to adequately reward our employees through transparent salary policies.Ensuring that the company’s compensation 
policies, systemic standards, and structures 
comply with government regulations and 
labor rights.• “Employment Contract” P .71-72• Grievance hotline: 
0800-080998
Energy  
(Climate Change)We perform annual greenhouse gas inventories & verifications and publicly disclose the related environmental 
information. We effectively keep track of environmental resources and energy saving performance through the 
self-developed EARTH system.To improve the environmental management 
efficiency via the acquisition of international 
certifications.• “Energy Saving Policy for  
A Sustainable Environment”P .104 -
Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment We enhance the sustainability of our overall supply chain every year through“questionnaire evaluation, 
education and training, third-party on-site audits and sustainability certification”.Construct a hierarchical green supply chain 
and build a sustainable ecosystem through 
extensive alliances.• “Code of Corporate Social Responsibility  
for Suppliers”P .112-117• Procurement 
Complaint 
Handling Team
• Grievance hotline: 
2344-4081Supplier Social 
Assessment
EmploymentCHT treats employees as its most important partners, and is committed to providing employees the utmost 
“assurance.” For best protection of employees’work rights, Chunghwa Telecom has signed the “employment 
contracts” with individual employees and notifies them of changes regarding employment under the Labor 
Standards Act. Furthermore, we exploit various communication channels including seminars and labor 
management meetings to maintain a harmonious and mutually beneficial working relationship.To ensure that employees’ employment and 
work rights are protected.• “Employment Contract”
• “Business Integrity Principles”
• “Codes of Conduct”
• “Corporate Governance Principles”
• “Collective Agreement”P .71-73• Compliant 
Investigation 
Committee
• Grievance hotline: 
0800-080998
Occupational 
Health and 
SafetyChunghwa Telecom is the first telecom company in Taiwan to incorporate an Occupational Health and Safety 
Management System (OHSAS 18000). We ensure the effective management of employee health & safety through 
an institutional and systematic mechanism. In addition to complying with health & safety regulations and other 
related requirements, we also continue to improve the OHS facilities and measures of our working environment.Chunghwa Telecom guarantees its employees 
a safe and healthy working environment to 
prevent occupational hazards.• “Employee Contract”
• “Collective Agreement”P .83-85• Grievance hotline: 
0800-080998
Marketing and 
LabellingIn addition to providing relevant information and usage descriptions on all product s and services offered, we 
also have a “Marketing Policy” in place to ensure that business activities are carried out in compliance with 
the authority’s rules and requirements. Compliance with such policy constitutes part of senior managers’ 
performance appraisal.To protect consumers’ rights to information 
and ensure the clarity and transparency of 
marketing information.• “Distribution Sales Aid  
Management Guidelines”
• “Marketing Policy”P .24, 96-97• Telecom Service 
Center:  
0800-080-123
Customer 
Privacy“Cybersecurity and Privacy Protection Steering Committee” has been established with the SEVP , appointed 
by Chairman, as the “CISO” to achieve the objective of zero toleration via regular meetings and third-party 
verification.To ensure that customers’personal information 
is strictly protected.• “Cybersecurity Policy”
• “Privacy Policy”
• “Personal Data Collection Notice”P .55, 94-95• Telecom Service 
hotline:  
0800-080123
Socioeconomic 
Compliance 
(Corporate 
Governance)Ethical management and legal compliance are the principles and guidelines that govern our operations. To 
ensure all operations comply with socioeconomic laws and regulations, all the departments as well as the level 
1 and level 2 institutions of Chunghwa Telecom are operating in line with the laws and regulations pertaining to 
the businesses.To ensure that the Company’ s operations are free 
from violations of socioeconomic regulations.• “Business Integrity Principles”
• “Codes of Conduct”
• “Corporate Governance Principles”
• “Distribution Sales Aid Management 
Guidelines”
• “Marketing Policy”
• NCC’s “Regulations for Administration of 
Base Stations of Mobile Communications 
Network Businesses”P .24• Compliant 
Investigation 
Committee
• Grievance hotline: 
0800-080998GRI Standard Index
GRI 103 Management Approach
138 139
General Disclosure
General 
DisclosureDisclosure  
ItemsPage / URL  
and CommentIdentified 
Omission and 
ExplanationExternal
Assurance
Organizational Aspect
102-1 Name of the organization Chunghwa Telecom Ｖ
102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services P .14-15 Ｖ
102-3 Location of headquarters P .14 Ｖ
102-4 Location of operations P .14 Ｖ
102-5 Ownership and legal form P .14 Ｖ
102-6 Market served P .15 Ｖ
102-7 Scale of the organization P .13-14, 18, 72 Ｖ
102-8 Information on employees and other workers P .72-73 Ｖ
102-9 Supply chain P .16-17 Ｖ
102-10Significant changes to the organization and its 
supply chainNone Ｖ
102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach P .44-55 Ｖ
102-12 External initiatives P .24, 119-121 Ｖ
102-13 Membership of associations P .134-135 Ｖ
Strategy
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker P .4-5 Ｖ
Ethics and integrity
102-16Values, principles, standards, and norms of 
behaviorP .24 Ｖ
Governance
102-18 Governance structure P .18 Ｖ
Stakeholder engagement
102-40 List of stakeholder groups P .40-41 Ｖ
102-41 Collective bargaining agreements P .74 Ｖ
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders P .40 Ｖ
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement P .40-41 Ｖ
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised P .40-41 Ｖ
Reporting practice
102-45Entities included in the consolidated financial 
statements2020 Annual Report 
P . 105Ｖ
102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries P .36-37 Ｖ
102-47 List of material topics P .36-37 Ｖ
102-48 Restatements of information None Ｖ
102-49 Changes in reporting None Ｖ
102-50 Reporting period2020/1/1-
2020/12/31Ｖ
102-51 Date of most recent report 2020/8/10 Ｖ
102-52 Reporting cycle Annually Ｖ
102-53Contact point for questions regarding the 
reportP. 1 Ｖ
102-54Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 
StandardsCore Ｖ
102-55 GRI content index P .138-143 Ｖ
102-56 External Assurance P .147-149 Ｖ2020 Evaluation of the Management Approach
Material Topics Mechanism for EvaluationResult of the 
Evaluation
(Page)Adjustment
Economic 
PerformanceIndependent directors, supervisor system, internal 
audit, Board of Directors evaluation (self-evaluation: 
by the directors and functional committees; third-
party evaluation: by the external professional 
institutes commissioned), evaluation by the 
relevant authorityP .22 None
Market PresenceCompensation committee, internal audit, evaluation 
by relevant regulatory authoritiesP .71 None
EnergyISO 14001, ISO 50001, ISO 14064-1 management 
system certificate, TWSE Governance EvaluationP .106 None
Supplier 
Environmental 
/ Social 
AssessmentCSR Survey, CDP Supply Chain, external third-party 
audit, SALcE Sustainable Partner Certification, TWSE 
Corporate Governance EvaluationP .115 None
EmploymentTWSE Corporate Governance Evaluation, Employment 
Contract, Collective AgreementP .71, 74 None
Occupational 
Health and 
SafetyEmployment Contract, Collective Agreement P .83 None
Marketing and 
LabellingNCC’ s telecom service quality survey, communication/
consumer complaint reportP .24 None
Customer 
PrivacyGrievance system, system certification (ISO 27001, 
BS 10012), internal auditor certification, TWSE 
Corporate Governance EvaluationP .55, 94-95 None
Socioeconomic 
ComplianceNCC’s telecommunication service quality survey, 
communication/consumer complaint report, 
evaluation of Board of Directors’ Performance by 
external third-party, TWSE Corporate Governance 
Evaluation, CoC by the external third partyP .24 None
GRI 103 
Management 
ApproachDisclosure Item Page
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary P .36-37
103-2 The management approach and its components P .138-139
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach P .140
140 141
General 
DisclosureDisclosure Item  
(topics without years noted are of the 2016 
edition of the GRI standards)Page / URL  
and CommentIdentified 
Omission and 
ExplanationExternal
Assurance
403: 2018 Occupational Health and Safety
403-1Occupational health and safety management 
system
LinkＶ
403-2Hazard identification, risk assessment, and 
incident investigationＶ
403-3 Occupational health services Ｖ
403-4Worker participation, consultation, and 
communication on occupational health and 
safetyＶ
403-5Worker training on occupational health and 
safetyＶ
403-6 Promotion of worker health Ｖ
403-7Prevention and mitigation of occupational 
health and safety impacts directly linked by 
business relationshipsＶ
403-8Workers covered by an occupational health and 
safetyＶ
403-9 Work-related injuries P .83 Ｖ
403-10 Work-related ill health P .83 Ｖ
*405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees P .18, 72, 74 Ｖ
405-2Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 
women to menP .73 Ｖ
414 Supplier Social Assessment
414-1New suppliers that were screened using social 
criteriap.113-114 Ｖ
*415 Public Policy
415-1 Political contributions None Ｖ
*416 Customer Health and Safety
416-2Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 
health and safety impacts of products and 
servicesNone Ｖ
417 Marketing and Labelling
417-2Incidents of non-compliance concerning 
product and service information and labelingNone Ｖ
417-3Incidents of non-compliance concerning 
marketing communicationsNone Ｖ
418 Customer Privacy
418-1Substantiated complaints concerning breaches 
of customer privacy and losses of customer 
dataNone Ｖ
419 Socioeconomic Compliance
419-1Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 
the social and economic areap.100 ＶTopics marked with * have been disclosed voluntarily, and are not part of the material topics identified in 2020. Topic-Specific Disclosures
Topic-Specific 
DisclosuresDisclosure Item  
(topics without years noted are of the 2016 
edition of the GRI standards)Page / URL  
and CommentIdentified 
Omission and 
ExplanationExternal
Assurance
201 Economic Performance
201-1Direct economic value generated and 
distributedP .22 Ｖ
201-3Defined benefit plan obligations and other 
retirement plansP .86-89 Ｖ
202 Market Presence
202-1Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender 
compared to local minimum wageP .71-73 Ｖ
*205 Anti-corruption
205-2Communications and training about anti-
corruption policies and proceduresP .24 Ｖ
205-3Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 
takenP .24 Ｖ
*206 Anti-competitive Behavior
206-1Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, 
anti-trust, and monopoly practicesNone Ｖ
302 Energy
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization P .106 Ｖ
302-4 Reductions of energy consumption P .103-109 Ｖ
302-5Reductions in energy requirements of products 
and servicesP .103-109 Ｖ
*305 Emissions
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions P .54 Ｖ
305-2 Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions P .54 Ｖ
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions P .54 Ｖ
305-5 Reduction of GHG Emissions P .53-54 Ｖ
*307 Environmental Compliance
307-1Non-compliance with environmental laws and 
regulationsNone Ｖ
308 Supplier Environmental Assessment
308-1New suppliers that were screened using 
environmental criteriaP .113-114 Ｖ
401 Employment
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover P .72 Ｖ
401-2Benefits provided to full-time employees that 
are not provided to temporary or part-time 
employeesP .84-89 Ｖ
401-3 Parental leave P .88 Ｖ
*402 Labor / Management Relations
402-1Minimum notice periods regarding operational 
changesP .74 Ｖ
142 143
DMA and 
IndicatorsDisclosure ItemsPage / URL  
and CommentIdentified Omission 
and ExplanationExternal
Assurance
Sub-category: Providing Access
Access to Telecommunication Products and Services: Bridging the Digital Divide
DMA
109PA1Policies and practices to enable the deployment 
of telecommunications infrastructure and access 
to telecommunications products and ser vices 
in remote and low population density areas. 
Include an explanation of business models 
applied.P .98, 122 V
PA2Policies and practices to overcome barriers for 
access and use of telecommunication products 
and services including: language, culture, 
illiteracy, and lack of education, income, 
disabilities, and age. Include an explanation of 
business models applied.P .122 V
PA3Policies and practices to ensure availability and 
reliability of telecommunications products and 
services and quantify, where possible, for specified 
time periods and locations of down time.P .124 V
PA4Quantify the level of availability of 
telecommunications products and services in areas 
where the organization operates. Examples include: 
customer numbers / market share, addressable 
market, percentage of population covered, 
percentage of land covered.P .124 V
PA5Number and types of telecommunication 
products and services provided to and 
used by low- and no-income sectors of the 
population. Provide definition selected. Included 
explanations of approach to pricing, illustrated 
with examples such as price per minute of 
dialogue / bit of data transfer in various remote, 
poor or low population density areas.P .124, 127 V
PA6Programs to provide and maintain 
telecommunication products and services.P .99 V
Access to Content
DMA
81PA7Policies and practices to manage human 
rights issues relating to access and use of 
telecommunications products and services.P .90-91, 94-95V
Customer Relations DMA 84 PA8
DMA
81PA8Policies and practices to publicly communicate 
on EMF related issues. Include information 
provides at points of sales material.P .100 V
PA9Total amount invested in programs and activities 
in electromagnetic field research. Include 
descriptions of programs currently contributed 
to and funded by the reporting organization.None V
PA10 Initiatives to ensure clarity of charges and tariffs. Link V
PA11Initiatives to inform customers about product 
features and applications that will promote 
responsible, efficient, cost-effective, and 
environmentally preferable use.P .92 VDMA and 
IndicatorsDisclosure ItemsPage / URL  
and CommentIdentified Omission 
and ExplanationExternal
Assurance
Sub-category: Internal Operations
Investment
DMA
118IO1Capital investment in telecommunication 
network infrastructure broken down by country/
regionP .98 V
IO2Net costs for service providers under the 
Universal Services Obligation when extending 
service to geographic locations and low-income 
groups, which are not portable. Describe relevant 
legislative and regulatory mechanisms.P .122, 134-135 V
Health and Safety
DMA
89IO3Describe relevant legislative and regulatory 
mechanisms.P .79-81 V
IO4Compliance with ICNIRP (International 
Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation 
Protection) standards on exposure to 
radiofrequency (RF) emissions from handsets.P .100 V
IO5Compliance with ICNIRP (International 
Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation 
Protection) guidelines on exposure to 
radiofrequency (RF) emissions from base 
stations.P .100 V
IO6Policies and practices with respect to Specific 
Absorption Rate (SAR) of handsets.P .100 V
Infrastructure
DMA
89IO7Policies and practices on the siting of masts 
and transmission sites including stakeholder 
consultation, site sharing, and initiatives to 
reduce visual impacts. Describe approach to 
evaluate consultations and quantify where 
possible.P .100 V
IO8Number and percentage of stand-alone sites, 
shared sites, and sites on existing structures.P .100 V
Sub Category: Technology Applications
Resource Efficiency
DMA
58TA1Provide examples of the resource efficiency 
of telecommunication products and services 
delivered.P .66 V
TA2Provide examples of telecommunication 
products, services and applications that have 
the potential to replace physical objects (e.g. 
a telephone book by a database on the web or 
travel by videoconferencing)P .66 V
TA3Disclose any measures of transport and/
or resource changes of customer use of the 
telecommunication products and services listed 
above. Provide some indication of scale, market 
size, or potential savings.P .67-69 V
TA4Disclose any estimates of the rebound effect 
(indirect consequences) of customer use of the 
products and ser vices listed above, and lessons 
learned for future development. This may include 
social consequences as well as environmental.P .66 V
TA5Description of practices relating to intellectual 
property rights and open-source technologies.P .67-69 VG 3.1 Telecommunication Sector Specific Indicators
144 145
Assurance Statement
 
TWLP P5008 Issue 2104  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SGS TAIWAN LTD. ’S REPORT ON SUSTAINABILITY ACTIVITIES IN THE 
CHUNGHWA TELECOM C O., LTD.’S CORPORATE ESG  REPORT  FOR 2020   
 
NATURE AND SCOPE OF THE ASSURANCE/VERIFICATION  
SGS Taiwan Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as SGS) was commissioned by CHUNGHWA TELECOM C O., LTD. 
(hereinafter referred to as CHT) to conduct an independent assurance of the Corporate ESG Report for 2020  
(hereinafter referred to  as the  Report) . The scope of the assurance, based on the SGS Sustainability Report 
Assurance methodology, included the sampled text, and data in accompanying tables, contained in the report 
presented during on -site verification  (2021 /04/20~202 1/05/19 ). SGS reserves the right to update the assurance 
statement from time to time depending on the level of report content discrepancy of the published version from 
the agreed standards requirements .  
 
INTENDED USERS OF THIS ASSURANCE STATEMENT  
This Assurance Statement is provided with  the intention of informing all CHT’s Stakeholders.  
 
RESPONSIBILITIES  
The information in the CHT’s Corporate ESG Report  of 2020  and its presentation are the responsibility of  the 
directors or governing body (as applicable) and  the management of CHT. SGS  has not been involved in the 
preparation of any of the material included in the Report . 
 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the text, data, graphs and statements within the scope of verification 
with the intention to inform all CHT’s stakeholders.  
 
ASSURANCE STANDARDS, TYPE AND LEVEL OF ASSURANCE  
 
The SGS ESG & Sustainability Repor t Assurance protocols used to conduct assurance are based upon 
internationally recognized assurance guidance, including the Principles contained within the Global Reporting 
Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standards ) 101: Foundation 2016  for report quality, and the 
guidance on levels of assurance contained within the AA1000 series of standards and guidance for Assurance 
Providers.  
 
The assurance of this report has been conducted according to the following Assurance Standards:  
 
Assurance Standard Options  Level  of 
Assurance  
A SGS ESG & SRA Assurance Protocols (based on GRI Principles 
and guidance in AA1000)  n/a 
B AA1000AS  v3 Type 2  
(AA1000AP  Evaluation plus evaluation of Specified Performance 
Information)  High 
 
Assurance has been conducted at a high level of scrutiny . 
 
ASSURANCE STATEMENT  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, SASB Index
SASB Topic SASB Code Accounting Metric Page/URL
Environmental
Footprint of
OperationsTC-TL-130a.11. Total energy consumed, 2. percentage grid 
electricity, 3. percentage renewableP. 4
Data PrivacyTC-TL-220a.1Description of policies and practices relating to 
behavioral advertising and customer privacyP .4-5
TC-TL-220a.2Number of customers whose information is used 
for secondary purposesP. 5
TC-TL-220a.3Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with customer 
privacyP. 5
TC-TL-220a.41. Number of law enforcement requests for 
customer information, 2. number of customers 
whose information was requested, 3. percentage 
resulting in disclosureP .5-6
Data SecurityTC-TL-230a.11. Number of data breaches, 2. percentage 
involving personally identifiable information 
(PII), 3. number of customers affectedP. 7
TC-TL-230a.2Description of approach to identifying and 
addressing data security risks, including use of 
third-party cybersecurity standardsP .7-8
Product End-of-life 
ManagementTC-TL-440a.11. Materials recovered through take back 
programs, percentage of recovered materials that 
were 2.  reused, 3. recycled, and 4. landfilledP. 9
Competitive
Behavior & Open 
InternetTC-TL-520a.1Total amount of monetary losses as a result 
of legal proceedings associated with anti-
competitive behavior regulationsP. 9
TC-TL-520a.2Average actual sustained download speed of 1. 
owned and commercially-associated content and 
2. non-associated contentP .9-10
TC-TL-520a.3Description of risks and opportunities associated 
with net neutrality, paid peering, zero rating, and 
related practices P .10-11
Managing Systemic 
Risks from Technology
DisruptionsTC-TL-550a.11. System average interruption frequency and 2. 
customer average interruption durationP .12
TC-TL-550a.2Discussion of systems to provide unimpeded 
service during service interruptionsP .12
SASB Code Activity Metric Page
TC-TL-000.A Number of wireless subscribers P .13
TC-TL-000.B Number of wireline subscribers P .13
TC-TL-000.C Number of broadband subscribers P .13
TC-TL-000.D Network traffic P .13Table 1. SASB Topics and Accounting Metric
Table 2. Activity MetricsFor corresponding information and page numbers, please refer to the 2020 CHT SASB Report.
146 147
 
TWLPP5008 Issue 2104  AA1000 ACCOUNTABILITY PRINCIPLES (2018 ) CONC LUSIONS, FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS  
 
Inclusivity  
CHT has demonstrated a good  commitment to stakeholder inclusivity and stakeholder engagement. A variety of 
engagement efforts such as survey and communication to employees, customers, investors, suppliers, CSR 
experts, and other stakeholders are implemented to underpin the organizat ion's understanding of stakeholder 
concerns. For future reporting, CHT may proactively consider having more direct two -ways  involvement of 
stakeholders during future engagement.  
Materiality  
CHT has established effective processes for determining issues tha t are material to the business. Formal review 
has identified stakeholders and those issues that are material to each group and the report addresses these at 
an appropriate level to reflect their importance and priority to these stakeholders.  
Responsiveness  
The report includes coverage given to stakeholder engagement and channels for stakeholder feedback.  CHT has 
responded in a way that address the needs, concerns and expectations of stakeholders.  
Impact  
CHT has demonstrated a process on identify and fairly represented impacts that encompass a range of 
environmental, social and governance topics from wide range of sources, such as activities, policies, programs, 
decisions and products and services, as well as any related performance.  
 
GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE REPORTING STANDARD S CONC LUSIONS, FINDINGS AND 
RECOMMENDATIONS  
 
The report, CHT’s Corporate ESG Report  of 2020 , is adequately in line with the GRI Standards in accordance 
with Core Option. The material topics  and their boundaries within and outside of the organization are properly 
defined in accordance with GRI’s Reporting Principles for Defining Report Content. D isclosures of identified 
material topic s and boundaries, and stakeholder engagement, GRI 102 -40 to GRI 102 -47, are correctly located 
in content index and report.  For future reporting, it is recommended CHT to align the selected SDGs’ targets with 
its selec ted material topics on what efforts has been made and performance of where is possible with qualitative 
and quantitative of the result.  
 
SASB CONC LUSIONS, FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS  
CHT adopted SASB’s TECHNOLOGY & COMMUNICATIONS SECTOR - TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES 
INDUSTRY STANDARD, VERSION 2018 -10 to communicate their sustainability accounting performance to their 
investors. CHT has determined which disclosure topics and associate metrics are financially material to its 
business and has r esponded in an appropriate manner in the content index. By using both GRI and SASB 
standards together, the efficiency of communication and the identification of material issues are substantially 
increased during the whole reporting preparation process.  
 
 
 
Signed:  
For and on behalf of SGS Taiwan Ltd.  
 
 
 
 
 
David Huang  
Senior Director  
Taipei, Taiwan  
21 June , 2021 
WWW.SGS.COM  
 
TWLPP5008 Issue 2104  SCOPE OF ASSURANCE AND REPORTING CRITERIA  
The scope of the assurance included evaluation of quality, accuracy and reliability of specified performance 
information as detailed below and evaluation of adherence to the following reporting criteria:  
 
 
Reporting Criteria Options  
1 GRI Standards (Core)  
2 AA1000 Ac countability Principles (2018)  
3 SASB - Technology & Communications Sector - Telecommunication Services Industry 
Standard Version 2018 -10 
4 IIRC International <IR> Framework (Chinese version 201 3) 
 
 evaluation of content veracity  of the sustainability performance information based on the materiality 
determination at a high level of scrutiny  for CHT and moderate level of scrutiny for subsidiaries, joint 
ventures, and applicable aspect boundaries outside of the organization covered by this report ; 
 AA1000 Assurance Standard v3 Type 2 evaluation of the report content and supporting management 
systems against the AA1000 Accountability Principles (201 8);  
 evaluation of the report against the requirements of Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting 
Standards ( 100, 200, 300 and 400 series ) claimed in the GRI content index as material and in 
accordance with ; and 
 evaluation of the report against the IIRC International <IR> Framework (Chinese version 2 013) 
requirements for content elements.  
 
ASSURANCE METHODOLOGY  
The assurance comprised a combination of pre -assurance research, interviews with relevant employees , 
superintendents, CSR committee members and the senior management  in Taiwan ; documentation and record 
review and validation with external bodies and/or stakeholders where relevant.  
 
LIMITATIONS AND MITIGATION  
Financial data drawn directly from independently audited financial accounts  and Task Force  on Climate -related 
Financial Disclosures ( TCFD)  has not been checked back to source as part of this assurance process.  
 
STATEMENT OF INDEPENDENCE AND COMPETENCE  
The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing and verification, operating  in more than 
140 countries and providing services including management systems and service certification; quality, 
environmental, social and ethical auditing and training; environmental, social and sustainability report assurance. 
SGS  affirm our independe nce from CHT, being free from bias and conflicts of interest with the organisation, its 
subsidiaries and stakeholders.  
 
The assurance team was assembled based on their knowledge, experience and qualifications for this assignment, 
and comprised auditors registered with ISO 26000, ISO 20121, ISO 50001, SA8000, RBA, QMS, EMS, SMS, 
GPMS, CFP, WFP, GHG Verification and GHG Valid ation Lead Auditors and experience on the SRA Assurance 
service provisions.  
 
VERIFICATION/ ASSURANCE OPINION  
On the basis of the methodology described and the verification work performed, we are satisfied that the specified 
performance information included  in the scope of assurance is accurate, reliable, has been fairly stated  and has 
been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.  
 
We believe that the organisation has chosen an appropriate level of assurance for this stage in their reporting.  
 
148 149
 2020
ESG ReportESG Report