1
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
We believe that sports make people better. OUR BELIEF
We create an inclusive environment where passionate, skilled, and diverse 
teammates thrive. 
We create and build leading brands that serve and inspire athletes.
We make a lasting impact on communities through sport.
We deliver shareholder value through growth and relentless improvement.OUR MISSION
We create confidence and excitement by personally equipping all athletes to 
achieve their dreams. OUR COMMON PURPOSE
2DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
3
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
INTRODUCTION
Business Highlights
Letter from President and CEO Lauren Hobart
Letter from Chief Communications and  
Sustainability Officer Peter Land
Our Approach to Sustainability
Our Goals
Material Topics 
Stakeholder Engagement
COVID-19 Response
LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD
CLEARING HURDLES
RAISING THE BAR
PROTECTING OUR HOME COURT
About This Report
2020 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) IndexTABLE OF CONTENTS
04 
13
27
38
49
4
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTEstablished in 1948, DICK’S Sporting Goods is a leading omnichannel sporting goods retailer of fering an extensive assortment of authentic, high-quality sports equipment, apparel, footwear , and accessories. 
Headquartered in Pittsburgh, DICK’S also owns and operates Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream specialty stores, as well as GameChanger , a youth sports mobile app for scheduling, communications, live 
scorekeeping, and video streaming.BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS 
OPERATIONS AND SUPPLY CHAIN 
Headquarters
345 Court Street, Coraopolis, PA 15108 
• Approximately 50,000 employees, whom we call 
teammates  
• Five distribution centers (DCs)  
• More than 850 total stores in 47 states 
730 DICK’S Sporting Goods stores 
98 Golf Galaxy stores 
21 Field & Stream storesCORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
• DICK’S stockholders elect members to our board of 
directors.  
• DICK’S board maintains three committees:  
• Compensation 
• Audit  
• Governance and Nominating  
• For more information, read:  
• DICK’S Sporting Goods 2020 Annual Report  
• DICK’S Corporate Governance Guidelines   
• DICK’S 2021 Proxy Statement , Corporate 
Governance section 2020 FINANCIALS 
$9.6 BILLION 
in fiscal year 2020 sales ($3.8B e-commerce) 
$29,836,403 
in community and corporate grants, sponsorships, and 
donations  
New customers, whom we call athletes, are shopping with 
us in record numbers — 8.5 million new athletes added 
in 2020, with 1 in 4 under 30 years old  
5
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTThere’s no denying that 2020 tested all of us beyond measure — from the devastating impacts of 
the COVID-19 pandemic to the social unrest linked to the racial inequalities that exist in our country . 
Despite these challenges, I was inspired by how our team rose to the occasion.
Our company is built on the belief that sports make people better and that doing what’ s right is 
ultimately what makes us successful. These values have been ingrained in our business since our 
founding in 1948 and were carried forward and reinforced for the last 35 years by our Executive 
Chairman Ed Stack, who built DICK’S Sporting Goods from just two stores to what it is today . 
We leaned into those beliefs in 2020 and found strength in our ability to evolve and work in new ways 
as a team. We reinvented parts of the business and established protocols and procedures to provide 
a safe shopping experience for athletes and teammates. We embraced our culture and kept our focus 
on caring for our teammates both when times were bleak and when they improved. Recognizing 
that youth sports programs were being cut back and disproportionately impacting low-income 
communities, we donated $30 million to The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation to help support 
more kids, teams, and leagues and to ensure that those programs were still in place and strong upon 
return. 
We have always felt a tremendous sense of responsibility to our teammates and to the communities 
we serve. What we witnessed in 2020 is that this dedication to each other, to our athletes, to our 
business, and to our communities is a deep-seated core value inside our organization and is a source 
of pride for our entire leadership team.
COMMITMENT TO OUR TEAMMATES 
Our team, approximately 50,000 strong, worked diligently to create a safe shopping experience for our 
athletes, whether they shopped in store, online, or picked up at curbside. Our ability to operationalize 
curbside pickup in two days is a testament to our determined and high-performing culture. 
To show our appreciation for all our hardworking and dedicated store and distribution center (DC) 
teammates, we implemented a premium pay program starting in mid-April of 2020. W e will continue to 
focus on supporting our teammates because they really are the heart of our company . 
COMMITMENT TO INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY (I&D)
As the year unfolded, we had conversations around race that catalyzed internal change. To further our 
commitment to I&D, DICK’S signed the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion pledge and the Outdoor CEO Diversity pledge. In stores, we strengthened our zero-tolerance stance against discrimination 
and delivered over 100,000 hours of anti-racism and discrimination bias training. In this year ’s 
Purpose Playbook, we are rolling out new I&D goals for the organization and publishing new data on 
the composition of our workforce.
COMMITMENT TO YOUTH SPORTS
The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation continues to prioritize access to youth sports for all, focusing 
on helping under-resourced communities. Efforts in 2020 included The Foundation’s customized 
Sports Matter Giving Truck, which provided much-needed gear to 10,000 kids in eight cities. We also 
launched several programs and initiatives to help female athletes make strides on and of f the field. 
These efforts ladder up to our commitment to give 1 million kids the chance to play by 2024. 
COMMITMENT TO OUR PLANET
We announced a commitment to remove all single-use, point-of-sale plastic bags from our stores 
by 2025. We understand our responsibility to minimize our environmental footprint. Our new climate 
agenda and goals are outlined in the “Protecting Our Home Court” section of this report. 
Now more than ever, people are looking to the business community for energy and action in solving 
some of the world’s most pressing issues. We will continue to expand our focus to include a greater 
emphasis on environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues. I am enthusiastic about what 
we can accomplish. None of it will be easy, but all of it is possible because of our teammates’ 
extraordinary efforts and passion. I want to thank all of them for their performance and persistence in 
2020 and into the future. 
Lauren Hobart
President and CEOLETTER FROM PRESIDENT AND CEO LAUREN HOBART 

6
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTLETTER FROM CHIEF COMMUNICATIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER PETER LAND 
“Game On” is the rallying cry we’ve established for our sustainability program. It reflects the 
competitive spirit that fills our halls and our collective willingness to take on significant challenges. 
The platform will be incorporated into our communications to raise awareness of our efforts and 
inspire our teammates and athletes to play a role and engage with our communities. W e know that 
meaningful actions around environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues are critical to our 
stakeholders, so we hope to galvanize participation and share our progress along the journey .  
At the end of 2020, we signed the “We Are Still In” declaration, committing our support for the 
Paris Climate Agreement. We also joined the Outdoor Industry Climate Action Corps, pledging 
to measure, set targets, create a plan, and share progress on our climate impact. As part of this 
initiative, we have set a goal to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) by 30% by 2030. W e 
have an integrated team from facilities, supply chain, merchandising, and finance partnering on the 
operational plans required to meet this commitment.  
Our environmental strategy also will be reflected in the upcoming launch of our new outdoor store 
concept, Public Lands. As part of this launch, we will roll out various conservation partnerships at the 
national and local levels. 
The issue of access in the outdoors sits at the intersection of our environmental and Inclusion and 
Diversity (I&D) initiatives. While DICK’S philanthropic activities will continue to focus on making 
sports available to underserved communities, Public Lands will focus on creating greater access to 
the outdoors for all. We’re proud of the robust set of I&D initiatives inside our organization being driven by senior 
management and implemented by 19 impact teams across our enterprise.
In addition, we have set ambitious new I&D goals for our workforce, which you can read more about 
in the “Leveling the Playing Field” section of this report.
Our accomplishments to date are in partnership with our approximately 50,000 teammates, fueled 
by a leadership agenda that is unwavering in its desire to do the right thing. W e approach our plans 
with determination to drive a positive impact for our business, our teammates, our athletes, and our 
communities.  
Peter Land
Chief Communications and Sustainability Officer

7
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT7DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTOUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
We understand the important role we must play in taking care of the planet and creating greater equity in the world. Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues are critical to 
all of our stakeholders and humanity at large. Our Purpose Playbook reflects our commitment to ESG issues and our intention to inspire our teammates and athletes to join us in the 
pursuit, because together, we are determined to change the game for good. 
Our sustainability strategy is aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals  (SDGs), a set of 17 global goals designed to achieve a more sustainable future for all. 
We believe we can most meaningfully contribute to three goals: #5 Gender Equality, #13 Climate Action, and #15 Life on Land. 
To level the playing field, DICK’S is focused on breaking down gender barriers in sports by creating more opportunities, access, and support to female athletes. We do 
this not only through our community engagement efforts, but also through our product assortment. In our workplace, we ensure pay parity across the board and have 
set a goal to increase the number of women in entry-level tech roles. 
As a sporting goods and outdoor gear company, climate change is an important issue for DICK’S, as we know our owned operations and supply chain not only add to 
our environmental footprint, but are also deeply impacted by the changing climate. In 2020, we joined the Outdoor Association’s Climate Action Corp and supported 
the Paris Climate Agreement by becoming a signatory on the “We Are Still Here” coalition.” We also set our first climate goal to reduce our operation’s greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions by 30%. 
Similar to climate action, protecting and promoting sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems and halting biodiversity loss is especially important to DICK’S, as we look 
to expand into the outdoor retail space with the introduction of Public Lands. Public Lands will focus on Conservation and Access & Equity with nonprofit partners at the 
local and national level to help bring this mission to life. We’ll also be donating 1% of both in-store and online sales to conserve and increase access to public lands. 
Our plan includes:  
• A commitment to being an inclusive employer of choice and a trusted retail partner 
• Ambitious goals around sustainable and responsible sourcing 
• Plans that ensure our organization is a positive force in our communities

8
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTOUR GOALS
LEVELING THE
PLAYING FIELD
Creating an inclusive and diverse 
workplace where teammates can thrive
GOALS
Maintain a median gender pay ratio of 100%.
Achieved
Achieve 50% BIPOC and/or women for 
entry-level hires for technology by 2025.
In Progress
Increase BIPOC representation in leadership 
roles by 30% by 2025.
New Goal
Increase overall representation of women in 
store leadership to 40% by 2025.
New GoalCLEARING HURDLES
Breaking down barriers to ensure that all 
communities have a chance to play and learn
GOALS
Provide 1 million young people from  
under-resourced communities with the 
opportunity to play sports by 2024.
In ProgressPROTECTING OUR 
HOME COURT
Mitigating our environmental footprint  
as stewards of the planet  
GOALS
Eliminate single-use, point-of-sale plastic 
bags in all stores by 2025.
In Progress
Reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
for DICK’S operations by 30% by 2030  
(versus 2016 baseline).
New GoalRAISING THE BAR
Providing athletes with innovative, 
responsible products
GOALS
Join the AAFA/FLA Industry commitment to 
Responsible Recruitment.
Achieved
Meet minimum disclosure standards of the 
Human Rights Watch Transparency Pledge 
by 2025 for 100% of vertical brands.
Achieved
Attain 100% participation of vertical brands 
in the Higg facility environmental module by 
2025.
In Progress
9
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTMATERIAL TOPICS
In developing this report, we consulted the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards Guidelines, Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) framework, Sustainability Accounting Standards (SASB) Consumer 
Goods sector guidelines, United Nations (U.N.) Global Compact, and U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our material topics inform the content of this report and represent our greatest economic, 
environmental, and social impacts and topics of greatest significance to our stakeholders. Teammate safety and racial justice have become increasingly material due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the state 
of civil unrest and racism against Black and Asian Americans. The following illustrates how these issues are prioritized within this report:  
LEVELING THE
PLAYING FIELD
• Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) 
• Racial justice 
• Teammate safety, health, and  
well-being  
• Training and development  
• Human rights  
• Wages and benefits  
• Supply chain responsibility  RAISING THE BAR
• Inclusive design 
• Athlete safety  
• Access and inclusion 
• Product quality and safety  
• Firearms safety  
• Responsible sourcing  
• Chemical safety and management  
• Data protection and privacy PROTECTING OUR 
HOME COURT
• Climate impact/greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions 
• Energy 
• Sustainable operations  
• Waste and recycling  
• Product sustainability
• Packaging  
• Water  CLEARING HURDLES
• Inclusion and Diversity (I&D)
• Racial justice
• Investing in youth sports  
• Disaster relief  
• Community and hometown 
engagement  
• Championing women and girls in 
sports
10
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTWe understand that stakeholder engagement is a critical component of advancing our ESG strategy. In addition to adhering to 
global reporting frameworks, the content of this report was developed with input from DICK’S Sporting Goods’  executives, suppliers, 
customers, and investors. We are committed to maintaining regular and open communications with a broad range of stakeholders to 
address concerns and hear feedback to help deliver on our ESG strategy . Here are a few ways we engaged with our key stakeholders:  
• Collaborated with vendors and suppliers to provide more sustainable, ethical product options for our athletes  
• Expanded our efforts around Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) through the Impact and Courtside Teams, which allow us to create a 
welcoming workplace for our teammates  
• Engaged community partners to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic while also furthering our commitment to youth sports and 
reducing inequalities on the playing field  
• Further enhanced our responsible sourcing and compliance efforts through collaboration with partnersSTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
10
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
11
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTHOW WE ENGAGED IN 2020
VENDORS & SUPPLIERS
• Identified opportunities to improve supplier diversity 
• Performed above the industry average for Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms inspections 
• Expanded random draw testing of vertical brands for restricted chemicals to monitor compliance with the 
Restricted Substances List 
• Signed onto the American Apparel and Footwear Association (AAFA)/Fair Labor Association (FLA) Industry 
Commitment to Responsible Recruitment to address and mitigate forced labor risks for migrant workers in 
the global supply chain 
• Joined the Human Rights Watch Transparency Pledge to advance practices across the apparel industry 
• Used the Business Social Compliance Initiative (BSCI) Human and Labor Rights Risk Assessment to inform 
international guidelines on business and human rights monitoring 
• Engaged ELEVATE to ensure our supply chain in China aligns with our Zero Tolerance policy on forced labor 
• Increased engagement with the Better Buying Program to get an in-depth look at our company’ s impact on 
suppliers ATHLETES
• Created a safe shopping experience during the pandemic through enhanced cleaning and safety 
regulations and e-commerce shopping innovations  
• Expanded inclusive sizing and models in marketing and promotions 
• Diversified product offerings to better serve our athletes  
• Partnered with Closed Loop and Beyond the Bag Initiative to eliminate all single-use, point-of-sale plastic 
bags from stores by 2025 
• Promoted our ethics hotline to athletes throughout stores to emphasize Standards for Zero Tolerance for 
Discrimination 
• Created an I&D goal around the representation of in-store teammates to better reflect the communities we 
serve and help athletes feel a sense of community in store  
TEAMMATES
• Implemented masks, sneeze guards, social distancing, and other procedures to reduce the spread of 
COVID-19  
• Employed teammates with the necessary technology, resources, flexible work hours, and pay during the 
pandemic to promote well-being 
• Accelerated I&D efforts through disciplinary policies, virtual recruitment efforts, goal setting, and the 
creation of internal support teams 
• Created a strategy for a pilot program to support teammates in the wake of the pandemic and racial 
injustice 
• Established a partnership with Hiring Our Heroes to connect veterans and spouses to job opportunities 
• Created a pipeline for women in technology and BIPOC hires to diversify recruiting
• Continued recognition and rewards for outstanding teammates 
• Signed on to the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion pledge and the Outdoor CEO Diversity Pledge 
• Continued the tuition reimbursement program 
• Expanded the Teammate Engagement Survey 
• Added additional teammate benefits for teammates who are parents 
• Launched a new teammate well-being communication called DSGcares
• Paid a 15% pay premium to our frontline teammates in our stores and distribution centers (DCs) from  
mid-April through the end of 2020
INVESTORS
• Responded to investor inquiries 
• Continued conversations with investors and key stakeholders around sustainability issues  
• Responded to ESG ratings and rankings including the Fashion Transparency Index (FTI), CDP (Carbon 
Disclosure Project), and Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose (CECP).COMMUNITIES & NONPROFITS
• Established The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation’s partnership with the Beyond Sport Foundation to 
support youth-focused organizations to tackle racial inequality and aid Black communities 
• Invested $12.5 million to the Black Economic Development Fund to close the racial wealth gap 
• Focused on outdoor accessibility and environmental preservation through Public Lands 
• Donated clothes, masks, and equipment to communities in need 
• Collaborated with Giving Tuesday to deliver 10,000 gifts of sport 
• Partnered with the Beyond Sport Foundation, U.S. Soccer Foundation, Under Armour (UA), Brooks Running, 
and other organizations to promote diversity, equity, and inclusion in sports 
• Expanded the use of GameChanger to help families continue to cheer on their athletes during the pandemic 
• Continued disaster relief funds, expanding to personal protective equipment (PPE) to hospitals and frontline 
workers 
GOVERNMENT & THIRD PARTIES
• Signed on and supported the 30x30 call to action to conserve 30% of lands and waters by 2030 
• Joined the Outdoor Industry Association (OIA) Climate Commitment 
• Continued to support the Paris Climate Agreement as a signatory of the “We Are Still In” coalition 
• Committed to equal pay for equal work independent of gender and race when establishing and maintaining 
wages 
• Enhanced product safety through our product safety and regulatory compliance program 
• Partnered with trade associations to bolster compliance efforts 
12DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
The COVID-19 pandemic disrupted almost every aspect of our daily lives. In the face of uncertainty , we reaffirmed our commitment to 
taking care of our teammates, athletes, and the communities we serve.  
• To protect our teammates, we invested in protocols and procedures to create safe workplaces. W e also paid a 15% pay premium 
to our frontline teammates in our stores and distribution centers (DCs) from mid-April through the end of 2020. W e expanded our 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) and implemented additional well-being initiatives to help our teammates strive toward work-
life balance, reduce stress, and improve mental well-being.  
• To support our athletes , we quickly implemented a curbside delivery program to allow safe and efficient contactless pickup. W e 
also expanded our product offerings on our e-commerce site. And our GameChanger mobile streaming service guaranteed that 
parents and fans never had to compromise on safety and were able to virtually cheer on their favorite youth teams in action.  
• To empower our communities , DICK’S Sporting Goods and The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation partnered with nonprofit 
organizations, schools, and community teams across the country to provide much-needed resources. This included funding and 
product donations to frontline emergency health workers battling the pandemic. For example, we helped W estern Pennsylvania 
health care providers like Allegheny Health Network (AHN) in their response efforts by donating goods such as cots, blankets, 
and fanny packs, which allowed caregivers to easily carry essential personal protection equipment (PPE) like masks, gloves, face 
shields, and hand sanitizer. We also provided COVID-19 relief items to several hospitals and medical centers across the country 
with donations such as cots, ponchos, blankets, and face masks. Further , we provided equipment to support frontline workers’ 
health and well-being, including shoes and apparel. These product donations had a retail value of more than $920,000. We also 
provided support to underserved students to ensure they could get back to sports safely by donating more than 52,000 face masks 
to 11 nonprofits focused on youth and providing funding to ensure that the sports programs that they and their families depend on 
remained viable. COVID-19 RESPONSE

14
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD
DICK’S integrates the concept of sportsmanship — mutual respect, honesty , integrity, and teamwork — into our workplace. These 
values extend to all teammates, from our Customer Support Center (CSC) headquarters, to the five distribution centers (DCs), and 
across each of the retail store locations.  
To develop our talent, we strive to create a just and inclusive culture that supports and encourages our teammates to bring their whole 
selves to work. We invest in our teammates’ growth through a comprehensive benefits package, meaningful compensation, and training 
programs. We also seek to create a collaborative environment where teammates feel encouraged to express opinions and that their 
ideas and concerns are heard. 
UPDATED INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY (I&D) GOALS 
DICK’S is committed to creating an inclusive and diverse workplace. This commitment is at the core of our philosophy and is also 
reflected in our I&D goals. 
Maintain a median gender pay ratio of 100%. Achieved
Achieve 50% BIPOC and/or women for entry-level hires for technology by 2025. In Progress
Increase BIPOC representation in leadership roles by 30% by 2025. New Goal
Increase overall representation of women in store leadership to 40% by 2025. New Goal
At DICK’S, we are fostering a culture where every teammate feels a sense of belonging and building a workplace where every 
person feels respected and valued for their contributions. Equally critical to our teammates’  success is the need for an emotionally 
safe workspace. Our I&D training efforts have never been more critical than they were in 2020, a year that underscored the role that 
businesses must take in addressing social and racial injustice.
Building upon the foundation laid in 2019, we accelerated our ef forts through our I&D Council, chaired by our Director of Inclusion & 
Diversity, Paloma DeNardis. In addition to strengthening our disciplinary policies, refocusing our recruitment efforts, and enhancing our 
training and development efforts, the I&D Council members guide our I&D strategy and help inform our approach to achieving our  
I&D goals. A CULTURE OF INCLUSION
“I am proud of the impact and accomplishments that have been achieved by our organization through our efforts  
and focus on inclusion and diversity thus far. Though we all know that we still have more work ahead of us, I strongly 
believe our I&D Council, with the support of the entire network, will continue to make a positive impact in our 
teammates’ lives.” 
– Marv Martinez, Regional V.P., West
“Being a member of the I&D Council over the last year has been one of the greatest experiences of my lifetime. I 
believe that every voice deserves to be heard, and I have an obligation to make sure that I educate the people around 
me about how it feels to be like me. We all play a role in making DICK’S Sporting Goods better for our teammates and 
athletes. We must be willing to share and create a comfortable environment to have uncomfortable conversations. I 
hope that everyone understands and values inclusion and diversity at all levels of the organization.” 
– Kimberly Walker, Senior Director, Field Visual Merchandising
“Creating an Inclusive and Diverse culture means that we educate, celebrate, and listen to all the teammates who work 
at DICK’S Sporting Goods. The goal of our council is to foster an environment where everybody feels valued. I could not 
be prouder of this group and the work we have done for the organization. I look forward to the future of the council and 
the opportunities we will continue to represent for the company.” 
– Carrie Guffey, Senior Vice President, Merchandising 
We rolled out several programs to champion I&D across the enterprise, including 19 Impact Teams organized around five strategic 
priorities: Educate, Hire & Develop, Power of Our Business, Civic Action, and Insights & Analysis. Each Impact Team is composed of 
cross-functional teammates, an executive sponsor, an I&D Council member, and a functional owner. This structure ensures the Impact 
Team’s work is supported with the appropriate resources and guidance and allows visibility to senior management. IMPACT TEAMS
15
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD
16
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELDI&D COUNCIL ACHIEVEMENTS
• Increased diversity representation on our board of directors 
• Enhanced the data-collection process for violations of our Zero Tolerance Stance
• Reached approximately 50,000 teammates from across the organization through Inclusivity sessions, 
investing more than 100,000 hours 
• Introduced Dialogue Circles to the organization as a safe place for hard conversations
• Created a Courtside Team to enlist teammates from across the organization to champion our I&D ef forts 
• Sponsored the Beyond Sport Collective Impact Award to reduce racial inequality through sport
• Launched new recruiting procedures to drive a more diverse workforce, with a focus on leadership positions 
• Increased our diverse representation within our internship program by 11%
• Joined the National Minority Supplier Development Council   
• Activated our I&D calendar to celebrate key moments with a 360-degree approach
• Added I&D questions to our Teammate Engagement Survey  to measure the teammate experience 
• Launched Teammate Resource Groups (TRGs)  like the Women’s Influential Network (WIN) 
• Partnered with Hiring Our Heroes, a nationwide effort to connect veterans, transitioning service members, 
and military spouses with employment opportunities  IMPACT TEAM STRATEGIC PRIORITIES  
Educate
• Provide teammate training and experiences
• Teach and train our communities
• Support teammates and families 
Hire & Develop
• Broaden leadership representation
• Increase the candidate pool
• Develop and retain talent
• Comply with Zero Tolerance/inclusion standards 
• Expand campus efforts 
Power of Our Business
• Provide inclusion through our national brand product
• Provide inclusion through our vertical brand product 
development
• Provide field I&D partners
• Promote supplier diversity 
• Develop a minority bank investment initiative 
Civic Action
• Advocate for policy 
• Organize our voice 
• Mobilize our team 
Insights & Analysis
• Aggregate and analyze data 
• Promote teammate health and safety 
17
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELDHEARTS Lead Culture Experiences Teammates on the Hearts team are passionate ambassadors 
for our culture of transformation, and their enthusiasm is 
contagious. Hearts teammates take a leadership role on 
the Courtside Team, facilitating Dialogue Circles or getting 
advance notice of events to share with their networks.
MINDS Give Feedback and Insights Teammates on the Minds team have great ideas about how to 
bring the company’s culture to life. They are a valuable source 
of information and are, therefore, called upon to provide 
feedback and insight on I&D efforts as well as to prototype a 
new project or idea.
HANDSProvide Helping Hands  
Behind the ScenesTeammates on the Hands team are our doers who work 
behind the scenes. They are called upon to help with 
numerous tasks such as hanging posters for I&D events, 
passing out swag, or setting up for events. 
FEET Experience Volunteerism Teammates on the Feet team are the boots on the ground. 
These teammates are willing to show up, be it to support an 
event such as Inclusion Moments or a New-Hire Orientation, 
or any other experiences where Inclusion & Culture are on 
display.
SPIRIT Support the Culture Teammates on the Spirit team believe in and support 
enterprise-level I&D transformation. These teammates do 
their part to bring to life our values every day. While Spirit 
teammates might not be able to be actively engaged in I&D 
initiatives, they are on call to jump in when their schedules 
allow. We also implemented a Courtside Team, which serves as an extension of the 
I&D Council. This group works as the arms and legs for I&D programs across 
the organization, lending ideas and support and empowering our teammates 
locally. To date, more than 900 teammates are actively engaged in the 
Courtside Team. 
One example that highlights the invaluable role the Courtside Team plays 
in implementing the I&D Council’s work was their support of the “Bringing 
Inclusion to Life” initiative. This effort — occurring over six months and requiring 
some stores to shut down for several hours during training periods — delivered 
facilitated and hands-on training to 50,000 teammates throughout every level 
of the organization on topics of I&D. The “Bringing Inclusion to Life” initiative 
equated to over 100,000 hours of teammate time and reflects approximately a 
$1.7 million investment towards inclusion training. 
• Another hallmark of our I&D efforts was the increased emphasis on our 
Zero Tolerance Stance. The Zero Tolerance Stance represents a two-way 
social contract between teammates and our athletes to uphold DICK’S 
policies against racism, discrimination, or harassment of any kind. This 
social contract is clearly and publicly communicated on well-marked and 
centrally located signs posted in our CSC, DCs, retail locations, and the 
DICK’S teammate intranet.
• The DICK’S ethics hotline phone number is stated on each Zero Tolerance 
Stance poster. If a breach occurs, any athlete or teammate can call the 
ethics hotline to report the violation. Our reengineered customer service 
process allows us to intake and evaluate violations through an enhanced 
reporting mechanism, including procedures to report back to the claimant 
on actions taken. We track data on violations to support a proactive 
approach to better managing and addressing future violations.COURTSIDE TEAM
18
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD
Our recruitment efforts are focused on building a diverse talent pipeline 
and promoting a culture that encourages inclusiveness and collaboration 
and reflects our values. We recruit new hires into one of the following five 
areas: undergraduate recruitment, executive recruitment, DC recruitment, 
CSC recruitment, and store recruitment. 
Our partnership with Vibrant Pittsburgh reflects this focus. Through this 
partnership, DICK’S can post jobs on Vibrant Pittsburgh’s website to 
broaden and strengthen I&D within our organization. Similarly, we focus 
on veteran recruitment through our partnership with Hiring Our Heroes, 
a nationwide effort to connect vets and transition service members and 
military spouses with employment opportunities. Our first fellow began 
employment in January 2021. TALENT RECRUITING
We continued our university recruitment efforts, despite having 
to pivot quickly into an entirely virtual program. We leveraged 
internships and early career development opportunities as a key 
element in our talent pipeline. These opportunities provided students 
with a breadth of real-world experience and critical skill building. 
Ultimately, we aim to attract equal representation of gender and a 
strong representation of diversity that will grow with us from intern to 
entry-level hire and beyond.
While COVID-19 posed challenges to our hiring with virtual career 
fairs realizing fewer participants, we created sourcing channels to 
access talent. Examples include national diversity partnerships with 
HBCU (Historically Black Colleges and Universities) Connect, the 
Professional Diversity Network, and efforts like Handshake Premium. 
These platforms increased our candidate flow with a material 
focus on diversity. We also focused recruitment on underserved 
communities and tapped into a wealth of hires through partnerships 
with Grace Hopper and CodePath. Both partnerships supported 
our enterprise-level strategy to meet gender and ethnic diversity 
recruitment targets. Our recruitment processes for summer interns begin in September of 
the previous year. We followed through on all internships and made 
full-time hire offers. Our university recruitment program grew with 
the placement of 63 interns across the U.S. Our efforts to increase 
diversity in our internship class lead to a 14.9% increase in BIPOC 
representation between 2020–2021. Additionally, of our incoming 
tech interns, 54% are women. 
Another way we sourced talent was through a virtual retail roadshow 
with HBCU Connect. In partnership with Burlington and Kohl’s, our 
virtual roadshow introduced HBCU Connect students to the benefits 
of pursuing a career in the retail industry. The roadshow served 
to educate HBCU Connect students on career pathways in the 
retail sector, such as product development, visual merchandising, 
operations, and sourcing. Our industry professionals discussed 
emergent topics in the retail industry during live sessions, including 
the latest trends in sourcing fabrics, drawing up concepts, costing 
the goods, selecting merchandise for the stores, and other topics. 
The roadshow even featured a live session dedicated to answering 
students’ individual questions about recruitment, their job search, 
and preparing for interviews. UNIVERSITY RECRUITMENTOur efforts to advance diversity  
within our organization led to a
IN BIPOC REPRESENTATION 
BETWEEN 2020–2021
Of the incoming tech interns,
ARE WOMEN14.9%  
INCREASE
54%
19
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD
20
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD
“My time at DICK’S started in high school by working as an in-store 
teammate. After high school, I attended a local university to study 
marketing and sports management while working in the store. In 
the summer of 2019, I became a Merchandising intern at the CSC. I 
learned a great deal during this internship and enjoyed working with 
many great people. After graduation in 2020, I began working full 
time at the CSC as a member of the Merchandising Trainee Program. 
I enjoyed my experiences working in the store and interning at the 
CSC and sought to continue to build my career at DICK’S! The strong 
culture and genuine people, along with what the company stands for, 
drove me to this decision. I’ve always wanted to make a difference in 
my community and sought to help others, and I’m proud to work for a 
company that shares these beliefs!” 
– Tyler Wilson, Retail Business Associate 
“My experience with #TeamDSG was incredible! Even virtually, I was 
able to see the pride, spirit, and dedication of every teammate. I 
cannot wait to join the team officially in August.” 
– Dayna Sepulveda, 2020 Intern/Incoming Merchandising Trainee 
We are committed to equal pay for equal work regardless of gender, race, or ethnicity. Our recruitment efforts have helped make 
progress on this goal.GENDER PAY PARITY
GROWING A CAREER WITH DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 
One effort to help meet our gender diversity recruitment targets included an innovative partnership with Fairygodboss, an online women’s 
community focused on expert career advice, job openings, and company reviews on workplaces for women to help women advance their 
careers across all sectors and levels of experience. In November , DICK’S and Fairygodboss collaborated to co-host an online panel discussion 
on Fairygodboss’ website featuring three of our female teammates: 
• Molly Dymond,  Manager – University Relations
• Melissa Christian, Vice President, Global Brand & Category Marketing (Softlines)
• Ashley Marchitto, District Manager 
The teammates opened up about how they’ve built their careers at DICK’S. They also shared information about our benefits, collaborative 
culture, and how the company supports and empowers women at all stages of their careers. We are incredibly  
proud to have achieved  
a 100% female-to-male  
median pay ratio.Our average pay for  
females is at 94% of males, 
with a goal to maintain an 
even gender pay ratio  
moving forward.In 2019, we also set a  
goal to achieve 50%  
BIPOC and/or women for  
entry-level hires for  
technology roles by 2025.100% 94% 50%
21
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD
22
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELDMANAGEMENT  
DIVERSITY
Larry Fitzgerald, Jr., 11-time Pro Bowl 
wide receiver for the NFL’s Arizona 
Cardinals; Sandeep Mathrani, the 
CEO of WeWork; and Desiree Ralls-
Morrison, executive vice president, 
general counsel, and corporate 
secretary at McDonald’s Corporation, 
joined DICK’S board of directors in 
2020. These leaders bring diverse 
experiences, backgrounds, and 
leadership skills to the table. 
LEADERSHIP
59% Male
41% Female
12% Black
12% Hispanic
6% Other
3% Asian
0% Undisclosed gender
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
66% Male
34% Female
22% Black
11% Indian-American
0% Undisclosed genderOur efforts around I&D stretch beyond our athletes and teammates. We’re also prioritizing diverse suppliers, which we define as businesses that 
are owned and operated by underrepresented groups. Within the next year , we intend to announce a diverse supplier percentage spend goal. In 
addition, our go-forward strategy will seek to include Supplier Diversity requirements for other organizations that we do business with to ensure our 
values are amplified broadly.NONMERCHANDISE SUPPLIER DIVERSITY
DICK’S invested $12.5 million in the Black Economic Development Fund (BEDF) to fuel minority lenders and anchor institutions and businesses 
as part of an effort to close the racial wealth gap. BEDF is a private investment fund managed by the Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC). 
Minority-serving financial institutions like BEDF provide a bridge to empowering Black entrepreneurs and Black communities with improved access 
to capital.COMMUNITY EFFORTS
“DICK’S started as a small business with just two stores in upstate New York, so we understand the critical importance of access to 
capital,” said DICK’S Sporting Goods Executive Chairman Ed Stack about the company’s investment in the Black Economic Development 
Fund. “We’re pleased to be able to take action and help Black-owned businesses get the resources they need to grow and continue to be an 
essential part of communities.”
23
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD
DICK’S Sporting Goods is a signatory of the CEO Action for Diversity 
& Inclusion Pledge — the most significant CEO-driven business 
commitment to advance I&D within the workplace. By signing the CEO 
Action pledge, we have agreed to a specific set of actions to cultivate 
environments where diverse experiences and perspectives are welcomed 
and teammates feel comfortable and empowered to discuss I&D. We are 
committed to implementing the pledge within our workplace to ensure 
our teammates feel comfortable and empowered to discuss I&D and will 
support other signatories in achieving the same. 
DICK’S also signed on to the Outdoor CEO Diversity Pledge to advance 
representation for people of color across the outdoor industry, including 
across staff and executive teams, media and marketing, and athletes/
ambassadors. ADVANCING OUR  
I&D COMMITMENTS
DEVELOPING CAREERS
To attract, engage, develop, and retain top talent, DICK’S 
prioritizes a work environment that recognizes and rewards 
teammate performance while supporting personal and 
professional growth. We focus on several strategies to develop 
and retain our talent, including expanding our Comprehensive 
On-Boarding for Retail Excellence (CORE) to include assistant 
store managers. We also expanded the ability for salaried DC 
teammates to participate in our on-site MBA program through the 
University of Pittsburgh. In 2020, 18 teammates graduated from 
the program.
We continued to support career planning and talent development 
through our tuition reimbursement program. All salaried, full-time 
teammates with satisfactory performance ratings are eligible to 
participate in the program. Benefits include: 
• Up to $2,500 annually for undergraduate degrees
• Up to $5,000 annually for graduate degrees 
• Up to $10,000 annually for our on-site MBA program, in 
addition to a $30,000 restricted stock award upon graduation
Additionally, we launched a new TRG (WIN) and continued with 
one we had previously launched in 2019 (Mom Squad). TRGs are 
an integral part of our talent retention strategy. These voluntary 
resource groups foster career development and mentorship and 
serve as a platform to advance talent goals. TRGs also serve an 
essential role in supporting various business initiatives in providing 
input and feedback. TEAMMATE RECOGNITION
We’ve continued and refined several recognition programs 
that allow teammates to acknowledge one another and receive 
recognition from management and senior leaders for their 
achievements. These programs include our HIGH FIVE!, The 
President’s Award, Go for the Gold, and Quarterly Game Ball 
awards.  
To ensure our teammates are receiving the development 
opportunities to stay — and build a career with our company, 
we’ve expanded our Teammate Engagement Survey to assess 
better engagement in more pillars, including in the areas of I&D, 
as well as safety and well-being. This survey is administered 
annually. Results are measured against internal performance 
targets that we’ve set in accordance with our corporate strategy 
and goals. The company also conducts Teammate Pulse 
Engagement Surveys throughout the year to check in on progress.
HONORING JUNETEENTH 
We want to ensure that all teammates understand their unique 
opportunity to support the BIPOC community inside and outside of 
DICK’S. As a result, we committed June 19 to a Day of Learning. 
Through DSGcares, we made a companywide effort to highlight 
the history of this day and prioritize learning and engagement on 
racial justice. Also, resources such as discussion guides, books, 
and podcasts on racial injustice were made available to further 
teammates’ continuous learning on racial discrimination and 
inequity as well as support anti-racism education.
24
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD
PROMOTING  
TEAMMATE WELL-BEING
Our teammates are the heart of our business. We are committed to protecting 
their physical and mental health and well-being by giving them the resources they 
need to improve their personal and professional lives. One example of this is our 
“One Simple Thing” initiative that we launched in 2019 to encourage and empower 
work-life balance. This initiative enables teammates to take time out of their day to 
do something that contributes to their mental health or work-life balance, such as 
taking a virtual yoga class during the workday or picking their child up from school. 
This initiative is supported and encouraged by senior leadership and became 
increasingly important in 2020 due to the pandemic, as home and work lives 
intersected like never before. 
25
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD
WELL -BEING DURING COVID-19 
We introduced several new programs to further promote teammate 
well-being during the COVID-19 pandemic. These initiatives included 
changes to the Employee Assistance Program (EAP), including 
increasing the number of sessions each teammate has access to 
from three to five. Under the U.S. CARES Act, we paid teammates 
for up to two weeks if they missed work due to COVID-19 illness or 
were exposed to COVID-19 and had to miss work to quarantine. In 
our corporate office, we offered a flexible work arrangement (60%–
80% flexible workweek) while still maintaining teammate benefits as 
well as unpaid leave specific to COVID-19. 
To stay connected to our teammates during store closures, DICK’S 
launched DSGcares, an internal email newsletter that virtually 
fosters community and engagement. With multiple content areas, 
including Care, Community, and Performance, as well as a host of 
social, emotional, physical, and financial resources in the form of 
podcasts, videos, articles, and books, DSGcares provided a crucial 
lifeline to our teammates during a very challenging time for our 
business and our community. DSGcares was issued weekly during 
the height of the pandemic and was also used to help furloughed 
teammates stay connected and up to date on store operations. 
These teammates knew we were working hard to bring them back to 
work. 
We also tailored our measures to support the unique needs of 
individual teammates, many of these measures looking different 
based on regional, personal, or store-based needs. For example, we 
added benefits such as accommodations for teammates’ schedules 
for areas where public transportation was shut down. 
Whether it be our Premium Pay initiatives or our flexible scheduling 
initiative for those who are balancing work alongside home schooling 
or caring for an elderly family member, our company stayed focused 
on keeping teammates safe and treating them with compassion. 
We took measures on a case-by-case approach to allow those who 
needed to reduce work hours or work split to stay employed and 
keep their benefits.TEAMMATE PARENTING SUPPORT
We added teammate benefits focused on supporting our teammates 
who are parents:
• For example, we increased the coverage of our adoption-
related expense reimbursements for eligible full-time or salaried 
teammates to the maximum dollar limit excludable from income 
set by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) (from $14,000 to 
$15,000). 
• Parents who are adopting a child are also eligible for paid leave 
under the DICK’S Paid Parental Leave Policy. 
• In addition to paid maternity leave, new parent teammates can 
use their allotted 120 hours in increments of either half or full 
workdays, and days can be spread over a 52-week year. 
• We’ve also added an additional week of parental leave, which 
includes a flex week for parents to use on those days when it 
best meets their needs. 
LGBTQ & GENDER TRANSITION SUPPORT 
We achieved a score of 90 out of 100 on our second submission 
to the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index, up from 
80 in 2019. This survey demonstrates an organization’s support 
of the LGBTQ community. To ensure that all our teammates feel 
welcomed, we created a Gender Transition Guide to educate 
managers on how to help our transgender and/or transitioning 
teammates feel safe, supported, and respected. This resource also 
serves as guidance for managers to model effective allyship to both 
teammates and athletes. Additionally, we joined the Retail Industry 
Leaders Association’s Diversity & Inclusion Executive Committee 
to work alongside like-minded retail executives in driving I&D work 
forward across the industry. We took steps to ensure that our 
teammates were set up for success:
Paid a 15% premium to  
all hourly teammates from 
mid-April 2020 through 
January 2021 
Provided a care package  
to all teammates, including a 
mask, hand sanitizer, and a 
door opener
Allowed our teammates to  
roll over additional vacation 
time since many could not 
take their earned vacation
26
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: LEVELING THE PLAYING FIELD

28
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: CLEARING HURDLES
Participation in youth sports provides many physical, mental, social, 
emotional, and academic benefits. It builds confidence, facilitates social 
interaction, and promotes teamwork and collaboration. However, there is 
a sports participation gap between children of lower- and higher-income 
families. While 44% of kids from higher-income families participate in 
sports, only 23% have the opportunity from lower-income families. That 
gap is only widening as a result of the pandemic. 
Through the Sports Matter initiative, DICK’S and The DICK’S Sporting 
Goods Foundation remained committed to keeping the game alive by 
supporting youth athletes through funding and equipment donations. 
Since 2014, DICK’S and its Foundation have committed more than 
$189 million to support youth athletes. These efforts focus on supporting 
schools and youth in under-resourced and low-income communities, 
often lacking the budget, equipment, or facilities to provide adequate 
access to youth sports activities. 
Community Sponsorship, Grants, and Donation Totals in 2020
The DICK’S Sporting Goods 
Foundation $7,683,991
Sports Matter Pledges $7,433,991, some of which include:
• $2,197,000 to Good Sports
• $345,000 to Beyond Sport
• $1,800,000 to Donors Choose
• $1,198,600 to Community Manager 
Grant Program
American Red Cross Disaster 
Response Grant$250,000 
DICK’S Sporting Goods $22,152,412
Community Partnerships and 
Sponsorships $17,312,871 
Total Donated Products, Goods, 
and Services   $3,912,541
COVID-19 Donations $927,000
Total Combined  $29,836,403SINCE 2014, DICK’S AND ITS  
FOUNDATION HAVE COMMITTED
MORE THAN  
$189 MILLION
TO SUPPORT YOUTH ATHLETES
CORPORATE PARTNERSHIP DONATIONS 
We made two large donations to support COVID-19 emergency 
response services and to honor the memory of Kobe and Gianna 
Bryant: 
• CDC Foundation:  DICK’S partnered with Callaway Golf to 
contribute a portion of sales of Callaway MAVRIK golf clubs to 
the CDC Foundation. DICK’S and Callaway each contributed 
$399,000 for a total donation of $798,000 to support their 
COVID-19 emergency response fund.
• Mamba & Mambacita Sports Foundation (M&MSF):  DICK’S 
supported M&MSF, an organization founded in memory of 
Kobe and Gianna Bryant that funds sports programming 
for underserved athletes and young women in sports. By 
contributing the gross profits of the Kobe-Mamba Edition 
Spalding Ball, DICK’S donated $193,800 to M&MSF.
29
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: CLEARING HURDLES
30
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: CLEARING HURDLES
The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation , under its Sports Matter program, launched several 
initiatives to facilitate an increase in youth sports engagement. These include the following:
• Sports Matter Giving Truck: In November and December of 2020, in collaboration with Giving 
Tuesday, The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation gave the gift of sport to 10,000 kids in under-
resourced communities by traveling to eight cities in a customized Giving Truck (Charlotte, 
Atlanta, Tampa, Mobile, Houston, El Paso, Phoenix, and Los Angeles). The Giving Truck, which 
featured colorful and eye-catching artwork from Brooklyn artist Jordan Moss, provided much-
needed gear and apparel to help kids stay in the game. Professional athletes Candace Parker , 
Blake Griffin, Matt Ryan, and members of the Pittsburgh Penguins organization, including Zach 
Aston-Reese, Marcus Pettersson, Phil Bourque, and mascot Iceburgh, helped The DICK’S 
Sporting Goods Foundation surprise kids virtually at select stops along the Giving Truck route and 
promote the value of youth sports engagement. Kids also had the chance to speak virtually to the 
athletes who have inspired them. 
• Partnership with Scholastic: The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation and Scholastic came 
together to launch a national essay contest for students in grades 4–7. The essay contest 
increased awareness of the Sports Matter program among students, their families, and teachers. 
The contest also reinforced the value that sports can bring to students’ social, emotional, and 
physical health. More than 4,200 student contest entries were received, and 92% of teachers 
reported the essay contest to be a helpful teaching tool. 
• Co-Op City Tennis: On Giving Tuesday, The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation donated 
$100,000 to the Co-Op City Tennis Club, part of the New York Junior Tennis & Learning (NYJTL) 
program. This club provides underserved youth between the ages of 5–18 with free tennis 
instruction from trained coaches in schools and public parks in all 51 New York City council 
districts. The Foundation also created a short film highlighting the importance of youth sports and 
the club’s impact on children in the community. The film was featured on “Good Morning America” 
and captured the surprise and emotion of young athletes and coaches when receiving new gear 
and the Sports Matter grant. 
31DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: CLEARING HURDLESWomen and girls continue to be underserved by local sports programs. 
Despite significant gains among girls over the past four decades by 
Title IX legislation, sports participation rates among girls remain lower 
than boys. According to the Women’s Sports Foundation , by age 14, 
girls living in urban and rural areas drop out of sports at twice the rate 
of boys. Girls are also less likely to participate in sports than boys, with 
participation rates lowest among youth living in low-income households. 
They report that the gender gap is even wider for adults, with 35% of 
men stating that they participate in sports. In comparison, only 16% 
of women state their participation. Additionally, the Sports & Fitness 
Industry Association and the Aspen Institute found that only 27% of all 
youth coaches are female.
DICK’S is actively focused on breaking down gender barriers in sports 
by creating more opportunities, access, and support for women and girls 
in athletics. We launched several programs and initiatives to help female 
athletes make strides on and off the field.  CHAMPIONING WOMEN  
AND GIRLS IN SPORTS
32
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: CLEARING HURDLES
U.S. SOCCER FOUNDATION PARTNERSHIP
The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation joined forces with the U.S. 
Soccer Foundation, becoming the Presenting Partner of its United 
for Girls initiative through a three-year, $5 million Sports Matter grant. 
The United for Girls initiative aims to increase opportunities for girls 
and young women to benefit from soccer. It will engage 100,000 girls 
in the U.S. Soccer Foundation’s programs by 2023. The Foundation’s 
donation will support the United for Girls initiative by assisting local 
youth organizations in identifying and scaling best practices to recruit, 
engage, and retain girls in soccer programs, including female coach-
mentors. 
Additionally, the funding will create and install 15 new soccer mini-
pitches in under-resourced communities. These inclusive, safe spaces 
will encourage increased soccer participation. Each mini-pitch design is 
developed with a “girls-first” approach. In 2020, five mini-pitches were 
built, with another five to be built in 2021 and the final five to be built by 
the end of 2022. 
“We are thrilled that The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation 
has made this significant investment that will dramatically 
enhance our efforts to engage more girls and women in soccer 
in underserved communities. Thanks to its support, we will 
introduce more girls to our game so that they can benefit from 
all that playing soccer offers, such as learning how to work on 
a team and improved decision-making skills. Furthermore, by 
training and engaging more female coach-mentors, we’ll help 
provide many more girls and women in underserved communities 
with the tools they need to reach their full potential on and off the 
pitch.” 
– Ed Foster-Simeon,  
President and CEO of the U.S. Soccer Foundation.
HERE FOR HER SUMMIT 
DICK’S Sporting Goods hosted the Here for Her Summit in New York City in 
February 2020. Industry leaders in women’s sports came together to discuss 
the challenges and opportunities girls experience in accessing sports and the 
impact sports and fitness have had on their own lives. The summit included 
panel discussions with influential female athletes and leaders, including our 
then President Lauren Hobart. 
UNDER ARMOUR (UA) PARTNERSHIP
DICK’S partnered with UA to launch a first-of-its-kind, women-engineered 
basketball shoe called the UA HOVR Breakthru. It was made available 
exclusively at DICK’S Sporting Goods stores in select retail locations and 
online. A cross-section of women in the industry, including UA athletes Bella 
Alarie, Kaila Charles, and Tyasha Harris, conducted wear tests, informed 
designs, and played other roles in the development of the shoe. The shoe’s 
engineering was informed by the unique structure of a woman’s foot, such 
as a typically narrower heel, shorter ankle height, and a smaller instep 
circumference. These specifications ensure more agility, a better fit, and lasting 
comfort. 
BROOKS RUNNING PARTNERSHIP
To celebrate International Women’s Day, DICK’S and Brooks Running partnered 
to create the Empower Her Collection. A portion of sales of this special 
collection (up to a total of $300,000) was donated to support under-resourced 
Girls Running Programs across the country directly. This partnership was part 
of an effort to support female athletes and highlight the importance of sports in 
women’s lives. In total, the donation helped to fund 380 projects, serving more 
than 46,000 students. We renewed this program for 2021 with an increased 
donation cap of $500,000 and added men’s shoes to the collection. 
33
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: CLEARING HURDLES
In 2017, The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation made a five-
year, $500,000 commitment to Little League Baseball and Softball. 
Since then, Little League has supported grant projects and 
programs for more than 35 leagues, helping more than 18,500 
players. 
In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, the need for equipment 
became even more urgent because equipment sharing was no 
longer a viable option. In preparation for the 2021 season, The 
DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation, in partnership with Little 
League’s strategic partner, Pitch in for Baseball & Softball, offered 
affiliated Little League programs the unique opportunity for players 
most in need to apply for individual equipment kits. We are proud 
to be a part of this partnership and help ensure that no child 
misses the opportunity to play ball.
GAMECHANGER
We are building our technological capabilities by expanding digital 
tools, such as the mobile scorekeeping app GameChanger, which 
we acquired in 2016. The app became an invaluable resource 
during the COVID-19 pandemic. Its livestream capabilities 
allowed youth softball and baseball games and team and player 
achievements to be broadcast and shared beyond the ball field. 
GameChanger also provides scorekeeping, stat tracking, team 
management, and group messaging tools for baseball and 
softball. By remotely connecting family and other fans with their 
favorite teams and players, the app helps rally the community 
behind sports. SUPPORTING YOUTH 
BASEBALL AND SOFTBALLTHE DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 
FOUNDATION HAS SUPPORTED 
GRANT PROJECTS FOR MORE THAN
35 LEAGUES
AND 18,500  
PLAYERS
34
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: CLEARING HURDLES
35
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: CLEARING HURDLES
In 2020, much of our giving strategy around disaster relief focused on COVID-19. W e provided products for hospitals and medical staff 
throughout the country. In addition to donating much-needed personal protective equipment (PPE) and supplies to hospitals, such as 
face masks, face shields, nitrile gloves, cots, and blankets, we donated a wide range of apparel to frontline workers. 
These donations included shoes, raincoats, pants, and athletic equipment such as exercise bikes,  
jump ropes, and training racks. 
Additionally, we continued our partnership with the American Red Cross Disaster Responder Program, with an annual pledge of 
$250,000 for emergency preparedness and safety. Our collaboration helped support various programs, including overnight stays in 
emergency lodging, meals, and other necessities. We also donated approximately $30,000 in hand sanitizer to replenish the  
Red Cross’ supply. DISASTER RELIEF
Sports allow people to come together on common ground with a unified sense of purpose. This value also extends to athletes’ family 
members and community members who come together to champion the game and bond over shared experiences. That is why DICK’S 
and The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation donated $31.3 million to mobilize athletes and communities across the country through 
local sports sponsorships, philanthropic activities, and community events.
PROJECT BUNDLE UP
DICK’S continued its participation in the Salvation Army’s Project Bundle Up, which provides children from under-resourced communities 
the opportunity to shop with professional coaches and athletes. The Pittsburgh Penguins and Pirates and the Altoona Curve mascot, 
Loco, helped make these shopping trips extra special. In total, 50 children participated in Project Bundle Up programs. Each child found 
the perfect hat, coat, gloves, and boots to bundle up for the winter.  COMMUNITY AND HOMETOWN  ENGAGEMENT
36
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: CLEARING HURDLES
PARTNERSHIPS FOR INCLUSIVE SPORTS 
For people with disabilities, there are many barriers to participation in 
sports. These barriers include a lack of specialized equipment, limited 
awareness, and negative social attitudes. We launched several initiatives 
aimed at ensuring that people with disabilities have access to all the 
enjoyment and benefits from sports as their able-bodied counterparts: 
• We donated $10,000 to the NubAbility Athletics Foundation  
to help fund sports camps for youth athletes who are congenital, 
traumatic, or medical amputees from around the world. NubAbility 
camps are often the first time young people see other limb-different 
children like themselves. They try to match campers to coaches with 
similar limb differences to inspire them to live their dreams.
• We supported the Special Olympics of Pennsylvania  through a 
$10,000 donation to the Unified Champion Schools Sponsorship. We 
also provided gift card support for the Pennsylvania Summer Games, 
which shifted to a virtual competition this year to keep athletes safe 
during the COVID-19 pandemic.
• We supported Envision Blind Sports  through $4,000 in equipment 
for its annual Golf Tournament fundraiser and an additional $6,000 in 
product donations, including ski helmets and goggles to support the 
blind ski program. 
• We donated $8,800 in gift cards to the Woodlands Foundation . 
This donation supported its annual Golf Tournament fundraiser and 
its camp in the Pittsburgh area that provides experiences for children 
and adults with disabilities or chronic illness. 
• We donated $1,500 to McCaskey High School’s unified track and 
field program in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, $5,000 to the Miracle 
League of Arizona, and $5,000 to the Special Olympics of 
Washington  to ensure kids of all abilities have the chance to play. 
DONORSCHOOSE.ORG
The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation continued its partnership 
with DonorsChoose.org. This partnership enables school-based 
youth sports teams to raise funds and earn a matching grant from 
The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation. For Giving Tuesday, The 
Foundation triple-matched donations to all Sports Matter projects 
on DonorsChoose.org. For example, every $20 donation  
to qualifying projects became $60 for those teams in need. This 
triple match provided more than $316,000 in funding to more than 
278 programs. 
Since 2015, we’ve collectively been able to provide more than $8.5 
million in donations and help more than 550,000 student-athletes 
across all 50 states stay involved in sports. Today, nearly 5% of 
public schools across the country have received funding for sports 
programs thanks to The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation Sports 
Matter match on DonorsChoose.org.
COMMUNITY GRANTS PROGRAM 
DICK’S and The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation focused 
grant-making efforts on helping youth athletes return to sports post-
pandemic. This included: 
• DICK’S Sporting Goods stores in the Miami market teamed up 
to provide a $6,000 grant to Leisure City Modello Optimist 
Club, a youth football and cheer organization supporting kids 
in the Homestead, Florida, area. 
• The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation gave a $10,000 grant 
to Baltimore SquashWise. This 501(c)(3) organization uses 
squash to help students realize their full potential. The program 
provides tutoring, college prep, mentoring, counseling, and 
squash programming. 
• The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation donated $25,000 to 
Tulsa Public Schools . This grant will ensure that students 
can get back to sports safely and that the schools’ athletic 
programs remain viable.ACTIVITY BAGS TO SUPPORT POSITIVE  
ENGAGEMENT IN COMMUNITY POLICING
Every year, DICK’S provides bags of basketballs and soccer balls 
to local law enforcement for distribution in their communities. Not 
only does this help kids get outside, but it also provides a tool to 
start positive engagement with area youth through planned or on-
the-spot pickup games. Officers can stop into their local store and 
ask a manager for sports equipment to take to the community.
CORPORATE MEMBERSHIPS
We are proud to sponsor local organizations in the Pittsburgh area 
to enhance our community and provide special opportunities for our 
local teammates: 
• National Aviary
• Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium
• Carnegie Museums and Science Center (Warhol Museum, 
Natural History Museum, Art Museum, and the Carnegie 
Science Center) 
• Children’s Museum
• The Clemente Museum 
• Kennywood 
• Heinz History CenterIn 2020, through the Giving Tuesday 
match on DonorsChoose.org,  
The DICK’S Sporting Goods  
Foundation provided
MORE THAN  
$316,000
IN FUNDING TO MORE THAN 
278 PROGRAMS
37
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: CLEARING HURDLES

39
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: RAISING THE BAR
At DICK’S, our goal is to provide our athletes with quality products that 
are inclusive and sustainable. At the center of this effort are our vertical 
brands, which are designed in-house and include DSG, CALIA by Carrie 
Underwood, VRST, and Alpine Design. We’ve made several commitments 
to ensure that these products are responsibly made. In fact, in 2020, we 
achieved two of our responsible sourcing goals:  
• Joined the American Apparel and Footwear Association (AAFA)/
Fair Labor Association (FLA) Industry Commitment to Responsible 
Recruitment, a proactive industry effort to address potential forced 
labor risks for migrant workers in the global supply chain
• Joined the Human Rights Watch Transparency Pledge to advance 
consistent, comparable disclosure practices across the apparel 
industry and achieved 100% transparency of our vertical brand 
factories 
40
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: RAISING THE BAR
DICK’S is committed to partnering with our 
vendors on sustainable solutions to amplify our 
collective impact. Examples of this include:  
• Featuring within our stores Patagonia’s 
Better Sweater, which is made from recycled 
polyester and is Fair Trade Certified™ 
• Partnering with adidas to co-create products 
featuring sustainable attributes, including 
ocean plastics 
• Launching partnerships with Nike, Brooks, 
and Mountain Hardware on co-branded 
products with sustainable attributes 
and supporting campaigns (71.5% of 
Mountain Hardware co-created products 
featured a sustainable attribute, including 
perfluorocarbon [PFC]-free prints, organic 
cotton, recycled insulation, bluesign® 
certified shell, and more) PARTNERING  
WITH BRANDS FOR  
SUSTAINABLE 
SOLUTIONSWe work to increase sourcing of the following types of 
sustainable materials in our branded and vendor products: SUSTAINABLE 
PRODUCT ATTRIBUTES
Organic Content:
• Organic cotton*
• Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS)
• Regenerative Organic Certified™ (ROC)
• Organic wool*
Recycled Content:
• Global Recycled Standard (GRS)
• Recycled wool*
• Recycled Claim Standard (RCS)
• Recycled cotton*
Preferred Fibers:
• Responsible Wool Standard (RWS)
• Cotton Made in Africa (CMiA)
• REEL cotton
• Forest Stewardship council (FSC)
• Responsible Down Standard (RDS)
• Advanced Traceable Down
• Cradle to cradle certified (material or product)
• OEKO-TEX® Made in Green
• OEKO-TEX® Standard 100
• Better Cotton Initiative (BCI)
Fair Trade Certified:
• Fair Trade by by Fair Trade Certified™
Bluesign Product:
• bluesign® PRODUCT
Leather Working Group Certification:
• Leather Working Group (leather from a Bronze-, 
Silver-, or Gold-rated tannery only)
* As defined by the Textile Exchange
41
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: RAISING THE BAR
Inclusive sizing is a company philosophy that DICK’S embraces 
because our athletes are diverse — in the sports they play, in the level 
at which they compete, and in their sizes. Our goal is to offer a fun and 
empowering shopping experience inclusive of all individuals. We’ve 
continued to make moves to expand our product offerings to reflect this 
commitment. We now offer a full range of men-sized apparel (Big and 
Tall). We are expanding size ranges for our DSG and CALIA by Carrie 
Underwood women’s apparel with sizes ranging from XS through 3X. In 
response to demand for products that require less mobility to take on and 
off, we offered the Nike FlyEase. This laceless shoe offers all athletes the 
ability to get their shoes on and off, regardless of ability.
We also are proud of our efforts to reflect the communities we serve 
in our marketing. We strive to ensure that athletes of different abilities, 
genders, sizes, and ages feel represented by our brands. Our stores and 
advertising feature models and mannequins in plus sizes as well as those 
that represent diverse body types and abilities. These efforts reflect our 
broader commitment to provide everyone with the same opportunity to 
have comfortable, sustainable apparel when they play sports.  DESIGNING FOR 
INCLUSIVENESS
42
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: RAISING THE BARDICK’S is committed to creating a safe work environment in all locations by setting and adhering to strict workplace safety policies, mitigating workplace 
hazards, providing safety education and training, and ensuring accountability . DICK’S maintains a comprehensive safety program in all our locations. ATHLETE SAFETY
COVID-19 RESPONSE 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented several safety 
procedures to protect our athletes and teammates. These procedures were 
developed in line with guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention (CDC)  and Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)  
and included:
• Enforcing social distancing
• Cleaning and disinfecting protocols
• Enforcing mask and personal protective equipment (PPE) requirements 
• Implementing hand hygiene practices
• Engineering control/ventilation measures
• Conducting symptom screening
• Installing clear plastic barriers for cash registers and point-of-sale stations
• Installing hand sanitizer stations 
In implementing these new safety measures, we sought input from our 
teammates whenever possible. Important COVID-19 information was also 
communicated regularly via our teammate intranet, weekly email newsletter , 
and in team huddle meetings. 
We also updated our de-escalation training to cover potentially negative 
behavior in response to our company’s COVID-19 prevention policies and 
practices, in line with CDC guidelines. This was intended to serve as a guide 
for providing a peaceful approach to address situations in which a person is or 
may become aggressive or threatening. These guidelines were developed with 
teammate and athlete safety as our top priority.
43
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: RAISING THE BAR
44
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: RAISING THE BAR
EMERGENCY SAFETY PROGRAM
This program includes training our teammates to identify and de-
escalate disruptive behaviors in our stores. Should workplace 
violence, civil disturbances, or issues such as fire or severe 
weather arise, DICK’S has emergency procedures in place to 
maximize resiliency. Retail managers are prepared to respond to 
all threats in a way that protects the safety and well-being of our 
teammates, athletes, contractors, and community members in or 
near our stores. Our CSC has similar teams and processes, with 
a trained Emergency Response Team ready to react to various 
situations. 
ACTIVE VIOLENCE RESPONSE TRAINING
Active Violence Response training is another tool we use to 
ensure safety across our organization, in stores, in DCs, and at 
our CSC. We are using the nationally recognized RUN. HIDE. 
FIGHT. Program developed by the Department of Homeland 
Security (DHS) to ensure that our teammates are prepared to 
react to an incident. 
CRISIS MANAGEMENT PLAN (CMP)
More broadly, our CMP helps inform a consistent response to 
critical incidents involving people, company assets, business, 
and reputation. The predetermined actions in our CMP allow us 
to respond immediately, even if our assessment of the severity 
of any given situation is still underway. With this framework in 
place, we have the organizational and operating concepts to 
respond promptly and effectively to incoming crises affecting our 
stores, teammates, or on-site athletes. OUR STANCE ON FIREARMS
We’ve long held the safety of our teammates, athletes, and 
communities as our top priority. This has driven our approach 
to firearms compliance and safety. In 2018, we announced 
restrictions on the types of firearms and ammunition offered in 
store and increased the age to purchase these items to 21. In 
2019, we stopped selling firearms at 125 stores. This year, we 
stopped selling firearms at an additional 215 stores.
For our stores that continue the sale of firearms, we maintain 
robust safety measures. These measures include background 
checks, teammate firearm training, physical security measures 
for transport and storage of our inventory, and an electronic 
inventory management system to maintain chain of custody. In 
June, we updated our electronic inventory management system 
to accommodate revisions to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, 
and Firearms (ATF) Form 4473, Firearms Transaction Record 
(Form 4473). These revisions represent the most significant 
changes to ATF Form 4473 in 15 years. We worked closely with 
our IT department to amend our electronic firearms transaction 
process, as required by the government. 
In 2020, our firearm safety protocols continued to meet the 
highest level of compliance.  A total of 89% of the inspections 
the ATF completed in our stores received a perfect score. 
This score is well above the industry average of 56.2%.
56.2%
INDUSTRY AVERAGE89%
DICK’S SPORTING 
GOODS

We want our athletes to feel safe and confident when buying 
from our stores. Our vertical brand products meet a robust set of 
quality and safety requirements that we enforce on our suppliers 
and vendors. 
Our Product Safety and Regulatory Compliance Program 
enables us to identify, investigate, and eliminate any unsafe 
products with preventive measures to ensure the continuous 
improvement of our offerings. The Product Safety and 
Regulatory Compliance Program focuses on integrating safety 
into the design by monitoring and addressing potentially 
hazardous products and handling product recalls if needed. 
Our teammates and vertical brand vendors are trained by the 
Product Integrity team annually on:
• Product safety policies, procedures, and requirements
• Changes and updates to program elements
• Applicable state and federal regulatory requirements
• Chemical safety and the restriction of certain substances in 
our supply chain 
In 2018, we established a formal Restricted Substances List 
(RSL), banning 22 substance categories — including disperse 
dyes, heavy metals, and volatile organic compounds — in the 
products we sell. DICK’S vendors and factories are expected 
to implement the requirements of the RSL. We work to educate 
and update vendors and suppliers annually on implementation 
and adherence. In 2020, DICK’S expanded random draw testing of its vertical 
brands for these restricted chemicals by 33% on a risk-
prioritized basis to monitor compliance with the RSL. As 
we advance, DICK’S will develop strategic opportunities for 
reformulation to guide future processes and improve visibility 
into product sourcing and implement corrective action plans, 
as needed. We also will incrementally increase the number 
of vertical brand products tested annually. Finally, we will 
continually review the chemicals and requirements of the 
RSL and update them based on legislation and new potential 
chemicals of concern. 
Our product offerings are also subject to our Conflict Minerals 
Policy, established in 2014. Although we do not source minerals 
directly, we have an opportunity to encourage our suppliers 
to examine human rights standards and practices within their 
supply chains. We utilize standardized supplier education, 
training, and questionnaire materials through our Retail Industry 
Leaders Association (RILA) membership. Our suppliers are 
encouraged to use smelters and refiners certified conflict free. 
With these processes in place, we provide our athletes with 
the information they need to make smart buying decisions. 
Our online store contains information about raw materials, 
sustainable attributes, and more so that our athletes know what 
they are buying. ENSURING PRODUCT SAFETY AND QUALITY
45
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: RAISING THE BAR
46
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: RAISING THE BARSOURCING RESPONSIBLY
DICK’S is focused on improving transparency in our vertical 
brand supply chains. We strive to go beyond mandatory vendor 
compliance by engaging our supply chain partners to cultivate 
strong relationships, mitigate risk, and share successes. 
We signed on to the AAFA/FLA Industry Commitment to 
Responsible Recruitment, a proactive industry effort to 
address potential forced labor risks for migrant workers in the 
global supply chain. As a signatory, we commit to working with 
our global supply chain partners to create safe, respectful, and 
responsible working conditions. Policy changes to responsible 
recruitment have been incorporated into our Global Sourcing 
Compliance Guidelines and other compliance policies and 
include:
• No worker shall pay for their job.
• Workers retain control of their travel documents and have 
full freedom of movement. 
• All workers are informed of the basic terms of their 
employment before leaving home. 
We also joined the Human Rights Watch Transparency 
Pledge to advance consistent, comparable disclosure practices 
across the apparel industry. 
We use the Business Social Compliance Initiative (BSCI) 
Human and Labor Rights Risk Indices to inform our international 
guidelines on business and human rights monitoring. We also 
engaged ELEVATE to conduct due diligence in the Xinjiang 
region in China to determine if we have supply chain risk for raw material sourcing related to forced labor. We treat forced 
labor as a Zero Tolerance issue. Any confirmed instances of 
forced labor or materials sourced from the Xinjiang region 
by our suppliers will terminate our business relationship. We 
have communicated to our vendors and partners that we 
prohibit sourcing from the Xinjiang region. Our Global Sourcing 
Compliance Guidelines and Routing Guides have been updated 
accordingly. Our system capability supports these enhanced 
monitoring measures and chain of custody audits. 
Our Human Rights Policy outlines our expectations for our 
vertical brand-related suppliers and our teammates and covers 
such topics as forced labor and migrant issues. We post this 
policy on our website to communicate our expectations in all our 
business dealings. 
In 2020, we increased our engagement with the Better Buying 
Initiative to get an even more in-depth look at our company’s 
impact on suppliers. Based on how pleased we were with the 
feedback received during the first round, DICK’S is significantly 
expanding the pool of respondents for the next round. We plan 
to implement changes based on this feedback. 
We also continued our involvement with Better Work, a 
partnership between the United Nation’s (U.N.’s) International 
Labour Organization and the International Finance Corporation, 
to improve working conditions in the garment industry and make 
the sector more competitive. Our team participated in the Better 
Work Academy to learn how to be more consultative to our 
factory partners. These trainings also covered how each country 
is managing the COVID-19 pandemic and how to keep workers 
safe.  

47
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: RAISING THE BARFACTORY AUDITS
More than 5% of in-scope Tier 1 factories have been certified as self-
governing. This means that they maintain business practices according 
to our expectations and are at low risk of violating our policies. To 
qualify, vendors must go through an extensive internal development 
certification process. In addition to demonstrating that they have the 
necessary procedures to manage compliance adequately, they must 
have a minimum of two consecutive years of low-risk status within the 
program. 
Of our vertical brand suppliers, 101 had full annual audits conducted 
by the DICK’S team or designated third parties. 
Just under 5% of vertical brand factories were noted as high risk.
To help suppliers move from high risk to low risk, our team conducted 
12 follow-up audits. Based on the assessment results, we will be 
extending our auditing efforts to Taiwan in 2021. 

Keeping our athletes and teammates safe includes protecting 
their privacy and the security of their personal data. At the 
enterprise level, we have identified data security as a company 
priority. As such, we are dedicated to implementing and 
maintaining adequate controls to make sure our data security 
aligns with current best practices, including the following efforts:
• Use of the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s 
(NIST’s) Cybersecurity Framework and other top-tier control 
practices to inform our governance framework to ensure 
confidentiality, integrity, and availability of athlete and 
teammate information 
• Assessment of our program’s efficacy through our NIST 
score and our Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) 
rating
• Implementation of an executive privacy oversight committee 
to address data privacy, including compliance with the 
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
We have invested in protective technologies to secure athlete 
and teammate data appropriately. Our security systems 
significantly reduce the risk of credit card data exposure through 
tokenization and point-to-point encryption in conjunction with 
chip-and-pin technology for card users. Since 2018, we have 
expanded our insight into anomalous behaviors with software 
programs compatible with the Security Orchestration and 
Automation Response that collect data from multiple sources about security threats. Beyond mere detection, these systems 
can respond to low-level threats without direct action from a 
teammate. 
Our privacy policy reflects the types of information we collect; 
our athlete choices surrounding such information; and how we 
collect, use, share, update, and secure such information. 
Our teammates have an essential role in data security and 
compliance with our privacy program. We conduct regular, 
mandatory Security Awareness Training for all teammates 
that address security and privacy considerations. We routinely 
issue company-sponsored phishing training emails so our 
teammates can understand and effectively respond to common 
security threats. In stores, we conduct custom training to help 
our teammates keep customer data secure at the point of sale. 
Other cybersecurity topics are covered through periodic training. 
Our annual Security Awareness Month educates our teammates 
through direct access to security vendors, giveaways, and 
games. 
We have engaged external partners to help us validate our 
security efforts by reporting malicious cyber activities and 
evaluating our implementation of controls. They also help 
us test our Cyber Security Operations Center and Incident 
Handling response, enabling us to proactively identify issues 
to strengthen and improve the security of our athlete and 
teammate data.SECURING AND PROTECTING  
ATHLETE AND TEAMMATE DATA PRIVACY
48
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: RAISING THE BAR

50
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: PROTECTING OUR HOME COURT
We have a duty to operate responsibly by minimizing our environmental 
footprint. By doing so, we can move toward a lower carbon and climate-
resilient future — one that safeguards our communities as well as our 
planet. 
Guided by that vision, we have programs to minimize our environmental 
impacts, achieve greater energy efficiency, increase recycling, and limit 
waste. These actions will ensure that we can continue to play today while 
protecting our home court for future generations.
Protecting Our Home Court Strategic Priorities:
• Environmental and Climate Impact
• Climate change impact and management
• Plastic reduction
• Packaging optimization
• Sustainable building design and practices
• Environmental Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
• Energy 
• Waste and recycling
• Water
• Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
51
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: PROTECTING OUR HOME COURTAchieving these goals requires significant operational changes across our business, including: 
• Convert existing and future lighting to LED across 800+ stores
• Identify energy-efficient opportunities as well as source renewable electricity in our direct operations
• Adopt green building criteria and practices to all owned and operated retail, DC, and CSC locations
• Eliminate unnecessary single-use plastics and optimize sustainable packaging
• Increase waste diversion and recycling while reducing waste generation
• Build vendor guidelines to ensure we’re moving toward energy-efficient and lower-carbon 
technologies and products
• Measure and communicate the impacts created by the manufacturing of our products and setting 
targets and plans to reduce those impacts
• Collaborate with the brands whose products we sell to reduce our overall impacts collectively We have been working to minimize our environmental footprint and integrate sustainable business practices throughout our CSC, stores, and DCs. ENTERPRISE SUSTAINABILITY GOALS
TO KEEP US ACCOUNTABLE, WE ANNOUNCED THE  
FOLLOWING GOAL IN OUR 2019 PURPOSE PLAYBOOK:
Eliminate all single-use, point-of-sale plastic 
bags by 2025.
THIS YEAR, WE ARE ANNOUNCING OUR NEW CLIMATE 
ACTION GOAL:
Reduce greenhouse gas emissions  
for DICK’S operations by 30% by 2030 (versus 
2016 baseline).30%
It is our responsibility to help take care of the planet, which means protecting the future of sport against the 
negative impacts of climate change. In addition to reducing our environmental footprint and building out a climate 
change strategy, we will continue to explore collaborations with our peers and leading organizations to protect 
our shared playing fields and outdoor spaces.  THE IMPACT OF CLIMATE CHANGE ON SPORTS
52
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: PROTECTING OUR HOME COURT
53
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: PROTECTING OUR HOME COURTWe reported our first GHG inventory in our 2018 Purpose 
Playbook , and we’ve since acquired more data about our 
environmental footprint. Based on our analysis in 2020:
As our efforts to track and manage GHG emissions evolve, 
we will also include emissions from other categories, including 
e-commerce logistics, fugitive emissions from refrigerant 
leakage, and additional material Scope 3 emissions. 
To achieve greater environmental impact reductions and join 
those in the retail industry and beyond that are also seeking 
opportunities to reduce emissions and protect our planet, we 
have joined the Outdoor Industry Association  (OIA)  Climate 
Action Corps and supported the Paris Climate Agreement as a 
signatory of the “We Are Still In” coalition. REDUCING OUR  
GHG EMISSIONS
Our Scope 1 emissions represent about 6%,  
mostly from natural gas use.
Scope 2 makes up 55% of GHG emissions,  
mainly from electricity.
Scope 3 emissions can be attributed to the  
transportation and distribution of products.Consumption Unit2020 emissions  
metric tons CO2e% of total emissions*
Natural Gas 3,928,171 Therms 20,921 5.38%
Transportation 589,098 Gallons 5,060 1.30%
Propane 32,788 Gallons 189 0.05%
Total Scope 1 26,170 6.73%SCOPE 1Carbon Footprint
Consumption Unit2020 emissions  
metric tons CO2e% of total emissions*
Electricity 483,603,247 kWh 189,156 48.62%
Total Scope 2 189,156 48.62%SCOPE 2
Consumption Unit2020 emissions  
metric tons CO2e% of total emissions*
Domestic Transport 61,647,473 Vehicle-Mile 91,164 23.44%
International Transport 1,192,154,035 Ton-Mile 58,145 14.95%
Waste 17,336 Tons 12,962 3.33%
Transmission and 
Distribution Losses9,212 2.37%
Water 550,399,000 Gallons 2,192 0.56%
Total Scope 3 173,675 44.65%SCOPE 3
Total Scopes 1 & 2 215,326 55.35%
Total Scopes 1, 2, & 3 389,001 100%
Change in Total GHG Emisisons 2016–2020
2016 emissions  
Metric Tons CO2e2020 emissions  
metric tons CO2e% Change of total 
emissions
Scope 1 21,161 26,170 +24%
Scope 2 305,522 189,156 -38%
Scope 3 227,722 173,675 -24%
Total Scopes 1 and 2 326,683 215,326 -34%
Total Scopes 1, 2, and 3 554,455 389,001 -30%
We have updated and restated our 2018 and 2019 GHG inventories in this report to include additional emissions identified from our 
company-operated fleet and stores that did not have direct utility billing. W e have also created inventories back to 2016, which is the 
year we are using as the baseline for our climate goals. This footprint does not include emissions associated with refrigerants. We are 
currently inventorying our full list of refrigerants and will include those emissions in our reporting next year .
We were missing some water and waste data for 2016 at the time we published this report. This negligibly affects 2016 GHG 
emissions. We will update our 2016 baseline with this information in next year’s report.* % of total emissions for Scopes 1, 2, & 3
54
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: PROTECTING OUR HOME COURT
Single-use plastic bag usage is detrimental to the environment. That is why we 
announced two significant actions to combat single-use plastic bag usage. First, 
we committed to removing all single-use, point-of-sale plastic bags from our 
stores by 2025. Second, we joined the Consortium to Reinvent the Retail Bag 
as the lead Sports & Outdoors sector partner. The Consortium’s Beyond the 
Bag Initiative aims to advance solutions beyond plastic for the retail industry .  
In tandem with our Beyond the Bag partnership, we are working with our retail 
stores to replace all single-use plastic bags with sustainably sourced paper and 
reusable bag options. 
Through a regional rollout, we converted 15% of our stores 
from single-use plastic to paper at the end of 2020. With a 
similar conversion rate each year, we are on track to meet  
our commitment.
SUSTAINABLE PACKAGING
We recognize our responsibility to reduce the number of materials used 
to package our products, in store and through our internal operations. We 
continuously explore new ways to reduce the environmental impacts of sales. 
We have also instituted financial penalties for vendors that deliver their goods to 
us with excessive packaging. This penalty is a tangible incentive for our vendor 
partners to join us in our environmental commitment to reduce packaging and 
its associated waste.   REDUCING PLASTIC  
AND PACKAGING
55
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: PROTECTING OUR HOME COURTTOTAL TONS OF WASTE
LANDFILLED TONS
RECYCLED TONS2015
37,336
17,161
20,1752016
54,452
18,375
36,0772017
61,383
24,449
36,9342018
51,368
15,587
35,7812019
61,513
20,005
41,5082020
54,312
17,336
36,976Companywide Tons of Total Waste by Category and Diversion Rate
WASTE DIVERSION RATE
54%66%
60%70%
67% 68%
Companywide Tons of Total Waste by Category and Diversion Rate
PlasticCardboard  
& PaperMetal WoodPlastic 
HangersMiscellaneous Total
638 11,014 2,114 3,607 177 641 18,191
3.51% 60.55% 11.62% 19.83% 0.97% 3.52% 100%RECYCLING STREAM
TONNAGE
% OF TOTALREDUCING WASTE AND  
INCREASING RECYCLING
We continue to reduce our waste generation 
while increasing recycling efforts across our 
facilities. For example, we have a policy to reuse 
hangers in stores, return them to vendors for 
reuse, or recycle them at our DCs. We frequently 
evaluate opportunities to use fewer materials 
in our packaging and shipping and reduce the 
negative environmental impact of the materials 
we do use. 
We maintained a waste diversion rate of 68%, 
even as our operations continue to grow. We 
recycled 36,975.6 tons of material and sent 
17,336.3 tons to landfills. 
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS  
WAREHOUSE SALE STORES
We opened DICK’S Sporting Goods Warehouse 
Sale Stores, a new retail offering focusing on 
selling out-of-season and overstock apparel, 
footwear, and gear. The stores that were opened 
last year also repurposed and reused building 
materials from relocated and closed stores. 
Reused materials included checkouts, fixtures, 
racking, rounders, tables, registers, and cash 
wraps. The Warehouse Sale Stores also reused 
equipment and materials left in place by other 
retailers that previously occupied the storefronts.
We continue to implement green building practices within our building design strategies and in retrofitting select retail locations that we own 
and operate. We also added energy management systems to most of our retrofitted stores. Additionally, we invested in heating, ventilation, 
and air conditioning (HVAC) efficiencies. For any new store development or current store upgrades, we abide by preestablished best practices 
for building maintenance and upkeep. This includes low volatile organic compound (VOC) paint, recycled wallpaper, and upcycled materials 
(either from decommissioned retail locations or local waste facilities). 
Our concept stores are also important points of application for the inclusion of green building practices. At DICK’S House of Sport, there has 
been an intentional focus on incorporating sustainable materials in the climbing wall, batting cages, and living walls to support indoor air 
quality. Our treadmills, gait analysis technology, and golf bays all meet Energy Star standards when an option. 
LED retrofitting is also part of our strategy for reducing the emissions of our retail locations. In 2020, we were able to 
complete 167 projects in 128 stores. These projects resulted in a 25% reduction in energy use. 
This analysis considers the time that stores were closed as a COVID-19 mitigation ef fort.IMPLEMENTING GREEN BUILDING PRACTICES 
MANAGING WATER
Each year, we strive to reduce water consumption across our stores, DCs, and CSC. Since 2019, these efforts have included incorporating 
low-flow technologies, xeriscaping, and stormwater recapture for exterior usage, where permitted. These changes led to a 2% decline between 
2016 and 2019, resulting in water consumption stabilizing at 104,000,000 in 2020. As we return to a new normal, we will continue our efforts to 
achieve further reductions.
We have a 20,000-gallon cistern at our CSC that holds captured and recycled stormwater runoff. It is used as the water source for the exterior 
water feature. The use of native vegetation and xeriscaping requires less water. 
The consistent measurement and verification of our water consumption and end use allow us to assess our progress and seek further 
reduction opportunities.
56
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: PROTECTING OUR HOME COURT
In December 2020, we welcomed Todd Spaletto, the 
former group president of Wolverine Worldwide and 
previous global president of The North Face, to lead 
the development, launch, and growth strategy of Public 
Lands. 
Think back to your last awe-inspiring moment in nature: 
Perhaps it was the reward of a 360-degree view atop a 
summited peak, a cup of coffee at a deep-woods cabin, 
or the pitter-patter of rain on a tent. These moments 
afford a deep connection to nature and cultivate a 
sense of wonder and respect for wild and natural 
places. Whether adventuring in your community park, 
national forest, or somewhere in between, nature has 
the power to restore, rejuvenate, and inspire.   
“THE MORE YOU PROVIDE ACCESS TO 
PUBLIC LANDS, THE MORE PEOPLE 
ARE ENGAGED TO PROTECT IT.” 
–TODD SPALETTO, PRESIDENT OF PUBLIC 
LANDS AND SVP OF DICK’S SPORTING 
GOODS  
INTRODUCING OUR NEW  
RETAIL CONCEPT
As a leading business in the sports and outdoor 
industry, DICK’S has a responsibility to invest in 
protecting and preserving outdoor places across the 
country. Land and water conservation will be also be 
central to the DNA of Public Lands, our new retail 
concept that launches in September 2021. Public 
Lands is designed to make experiencing the outdoors 
more accessible for all. Focusing on conservation, 
sustainability, and inclusion and access, Public 
Lands seeks to enable every community to get 
outside, explore, push boundaries, and protect public 
lands. This unique retail experience will be targeted 
toward all explorers, whether they are beginner-level 
adventurers or advanced explorers looking to blaze 
new trails. 
57
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: PROTECTING OUR HOME COURT
58
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: PROTECTING OUR HOME COURT
THE IMPACT OF CLIMATE CHANGE   
ON PUBLIC LANDS
Just as climate change and sports are inextricably linked, so are climate change and public lands. According to the U.S. Geological 
Survey , natural resources extracted from public land and water are responsible for nearly a quarter of U.S. GHG emissions. 
As a company with ties to outdoor space, DICK’S is prioritizing protecting public lands and ensuring that these lands can be enjoyed 
and explored for generations to come. 
OUR STANCE: RESPONSIBLE LAND USE, CONSERVATION, AND PUBLIC LANDS
30x30 
As part of our comprehensive environmental program, and in recognition of the need for bolder actions to protect biodiversity and 
the ecosystems that are vital for recreating outdoors, we furthered our commitment in 2020 by pledging our support for the American 
Nature Campaign’s call of action to the Biden Administration to conserve at least 30% of U.S. lands and oceans by 2030. The 30x30 
goals, which President Biden signed into executive action on January 27, 2021, outline a commitment to conserve America’s lands, 
waters, and oceans to help safeguard natural areas and stem the impacts of climate change. According to the Center for American 
Progress, every 30 seconds, a football field’s worth of America’s natural areas disappears to development. Currently, less than 1% 
of the ocean near the continental United States is strongly protected, while only 12% of U.S. lands are permanently protected in their 
natural condition.
DICK’S pledged to support these goals by signing onto a letter issued by the OIA  asserting the outdoor industry’s support of a 
commitment to establishing a national goal to conserve 30% of our nation’ s lands and waters by 2030. This letter also urged Congress 
to take bold, robust, and ongoing action on climate, public lands, and waters at the federal level to ensure thriving communities, 
thriving outdoor businesses, and a thriving planet.
Responsible Use of the Land’s Resources 
DICK’S Sporting Goods recognizes our responsibility to address our 
company’s environmental and social footprint. The amount of land and other 
resources required to produce the raw materials for our vertical brands is 
an area over which we can exert influence. Although we do not have control 
over where raw materials may be grown and/or produced that are supplied to 
outside brands we sell, we recognize the importance of ensuring that the use 
of land and waterways does not expand beyond the necessary sustainable 
limit. 
Protecting Places 
Public Lands will partner with leading conservation nonprofits and local 
community organizations dedicated to protecting and conserving public 
lands in actionable, measurable ways. To that end, we support restoring the 
original boundaries to Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante National 
Monuments and the cancellation of leases to drill for oil in the Arctic National 
Wildlife Refuge. Our special wild places deserve better. 
We seek to build relationships with Native American and Indigenous 
communities, both locally and nationally, through partnerships, cultural 
and historical recognition, community service, economic development, 
conservation, and preservation efforts. We are committed to learning how to 
be better stewards of the land we inhabit.
59
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT: PROTECTING OUR HOME COURT
60
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTABOUT THIS REPORT
This report provides a high-level overview of DICK’S Sporting Goods’  sustainability commitments, activities, and progress in 2020. 
Our Purpose Report is organized by four main focus areas: Leveling the Playing Field, Clearing Hurdles, Raising the Bar , and Protecting 
Our Home Court. We have prepared this report in reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. 
BOUNDARY AND SCOPE 
This report was published in July 2021 and reflects our activities and performance for the fiscal year 2020 (February 2, 2020–January 
30, 2021).
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
We caution that any forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) 
contained in this report involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various important factors, many of which 
may be beyond our control. Accordingly, our results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any such forward-looking 
statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. These statements 
can be identified as those that predict; forecast; indicate; or imply future results, performance, or advancements and by forward-looking 
words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “predict,” “intend,” “plan,” “project,” “goal,” “will,” “could,” “may ,” “might,” or any 
variations of such words or other words with similar meanings. Forward-looking statements contained in this report include, among other 
things, our objectives, commitments, and goals; our assumptions and expectations; and the scope and impact of corporate responsibility 
risks and opportunities.
Our position or perceived lack of position on social, environmental, and public policy or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack 
of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation with certain groups or our customers, which could adversely af fect our 
financial performance. Furthermore, we may not be able to achieve the objectives and goals identified in this report within the expected 
time frame or at all. Factors that could cause actual results to materially dif fer from those indicated in forward-looking statements are 
described under Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2021, filed on March 24, 2021, and our 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 2021, filed on May 26, 2021. The forward-looking statements contained 
herein speak only as of the date made, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements.

61
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT2020 GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX 
Disclosure No. Disclosure Title DICK’S Response
Organizational Profile
102-1 Name of the organization DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc.
102-2 Activities, brands, products and services Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-3 Location of headquarters Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-4 Location of operations Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-5 Ownership and legal form Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-6 Markets served Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-7 Scale of the organization Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-8 Information on employees and other workers Leveling the Playing Field, p. 13, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-9 Supply chain Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-11 Precautionary principle or approach DICK’S Sporting Goods does not have an official policy as it pertains to the precautionary principle.
102-12 External initiativesOur Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020 Sustainability Report; Our Goals, p. 8, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability 
Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability ReportGENERAL DISCLOSURES
Strategy
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker Letter from President and CEO Lauren Hobart, p. 5, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-15 Key impacts, risks and opportunities 2020 DICK’S Sporting Goods Form 10-K
Ethics & Integrity
102-16 Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior Our Beliefs, p. 2, 2020 Sustainability Report
62
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTDisclosure No. Disclosure Title DICK’S Response
Governance
102-18 Governance structure Corporate Governance Guidelines
102-19 Delegating authority DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental and social topics DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental and social topics DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
102-23 Chair of the highest governance body DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
102-25 Conflicts of interest DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting This report has been reviewed and approved by DICK’S Sporting Goods Chief Sustainability Officer , Peter Land
102-33 Communicating critical concerns DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
102-35 Remuneration policies DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
102-36 Process for determining remuneration DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement
Stakeholder Engagement
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report
Reporting Practice
102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 2020 DICK’S Sporting Goods Form 10-K
102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries About this Report, p. 60, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-47 List of material topics Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-50 Reporting period About this Report, p. 60, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-52 Reporting cycle About this Report, p. 60, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report About this Report, p. 60, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards About this Report, p. 60, 2020 Sustainability Report
63
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTDisclosure No. Disclosure Title DICK’S Response
102-55 GRI content index GRI Content Index, p. 61, 2020 Sustainability Report
102-56 External assurance Our environmental data was reviewed externally. We did not seek external assurance for this report.
Disclosure No. Disclosure Title DICK’S Response
201: Economic Performance
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-2 The management approach and its components Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 2020 DICK’S Sporting Goods Form 10-K ; DICK’S Sporting Goods Proxy Statement ; Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability ReportTOPIC-SPECIFIC STANDARDS
205: Anti-Corruption
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  and DICK’S Sporting Goods Vendor Code of Conduct
103-2 The management approach and its components Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  and DICK’S Sporting Goods Vendor Code of Conduct
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  and DICK’S Sporting Goods Vendor Code of Conduct
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  and DICK’S Sporting Goods Vendor Code of Conduct ; Business Highlights, p. 4, 2020 Sustainability Report
301: Materials
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Reducing Waste, p. 55, 2020 Sustainability Report; Reducing Plastic and Packaging, p. 54, 2020 Sustainability Report; Implementing Green Building 
Practices, p. 56, 2020 Sustainability Report; Enterprise Sustainability Goals, p. 51, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability 
Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-2 The management approach and its componentsReducing Waste, p. 55, 2020 Sustainability Report; Reducing Plastic and Packaging, p. 54, 2020 Sustainability Report; Implementing Green Building 
Practices, p. 56, 2020 Sustainability Report; Enterprise Sustainability Goals, p. 51, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability 
Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachReducing Waste, p. 55, 2020 Sustainability Report; Reducing Plastic and Packaging, p. 54, 2020 Sustainability Report; Implementing Green Building 
Practices, p. 56, 2020 Sustainability Report; Enterprise Sustainability Goals, p. 51, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability 
Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020 Sustainability Report
301-2 Recycled input materials usedReducing Waste, p. 55, 2020 Sustainability Report; Reducing Plastic and Packaging, p. 54, 2020 Sustainability Report; Implementing Green Building 
Practices, p. 56, 2020 Sustainability Report; Enterprise Sustainability Goals, p. 51, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability 
Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020 Sustainability Report
64
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTDisclosure No. Disclosure Title DICK’S Response
302: Energy
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Enterprise Sustainability Goals, p. 51, 2020 Sustainability Report; Implementing Green Building Practices, p. 56, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material  
Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020  
Sustainability Report
103-2 The management approach and its componentsEnterprise Sustainability Goals, p. 51, 2020 Sustainability Report; Implementing Green Building Practices, p. 56, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material  
Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020  
Sustainability Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachEnterprise Sustainability Goals, p. 51, 2020 Sustainability Report; Implementing Green Building Practices, p. 56, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material  
Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020  
Sustainability Report
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Reducing Our GHG Emissions, p. 53, 2020 Sustainability Report
305: Emissions
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Reducing Our GHG Emissions, p. 53, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10,  
2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-2 The management approach and its componentsReducing Our GHG Emissions, p. 53, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10,  
2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachReducing Our GHG Emissions, p. 53, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10,  
2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p.7, 2020 Sustainability Report
303-5 Water consumption Managing Water; p. 56, 2020 Sustainability Report
305-1 Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions Reducing Our GHG Emissions, p. 53, 2020 Sustainability Report
305-2 Indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions Reducing Our GHG Emissions, p. 53, 2020 Sustainability Report
305-3 Other indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions Reducing Our GHG Emissions, p. 53, 2020 Sustainability Report
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Reducing Our GHG Emissions, p. 53, 2020 Sustainability Report
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissionsReducing Our GHG Emissions, p. 53, 2020 Sustainability Report; Enterprise Sustainability Goals, p. 51, 2020 Sustainability Report; Our Goals, p. 8,  
2020 Sustainability Report; Our Approach to Sustainability, p. 7, 2020 Sustainability Report
306: Effluents and Waste
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Reducing Plastic and Packaging, p. 54, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Reducing Waste and Increasing  
Recycling, p. 55, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-2 The management approach and its componentsReducing Plastic and Packaging, p. 54, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Reducing Waste and Increasing  
Recycling, p. 55, 2020 Sustainability Report
65
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTDisclosure No. Disclosure Title DICK’S Response
401: Employment
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Leveling the Playing Field, p. 13, 2020 Sustainability Report; Promoting Teammate Wellbeing, p. 25, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder  
Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-2 The management approach and its componentsLeveling the Playing Field, p. 13, 2020 Sustainability Report; Promoting Teammate Wellbeing, p. 25, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder  
Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachLeveling the Playing Field, p. 13, 2020 Sustainability Report; Promoting Teammate Wellbeing, p. 25, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder  
Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report
401-2Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-
time employeesPromoting Teammate Well-Being, p. 25, 2020 Sustainability Report
401-3 Parental leave Promoting Teammate Well-Being, p. 25, 2020 Sustainability Report
404: Training
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Developing Careers, p. 24, 2020 Sustainability Report; A Culture of Inclusion, p. 14, 2020 Sustainability Report, Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability 
Report
103-2 The management approach and its componentsDeveloping Careers, p. 24, 2020 Sustainability Report; A Culture of Inclusion, p. 14, 2020 Sustainability Report, Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability 
Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachDeveloping Careers, p. 24, 2020 Sustainability Report; A Culture of Inclusion, p. 14, 2020 Sustainability Report, Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability 
Report
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Developing Careers, p. 24, 2020 Sustainability Report
405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Leveling the Playing Field, p. 13, 2020 Sustainability Report; Impact Teams, p. 15, 2020 Sustainability Report; Courtside Team, p. 17, 2020 Sustainability 
Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-2 The management approach and its componentsLeveling the Playing Field, p. 13, 2020 Sustainability Report; Impact Teams, p. 15, 2020 Sustainability Report; Courtside Team, p. 17, 2020 Sustainability 
Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachLeveling the Playing Field, p. 13, 2020 Sustainability Report; Impact Teams, p. 15, 2020 Sustainability Report; Courtside Team, p. 17, 2020 Sustainability 
Report; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability ReportDisclosure No. Disclosure Title DICK’S Response
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachReducing Plastic and Packaging, p. 54, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Reducing Waste and Increasing  
Recycling, p. 55, 2020 Sustainability Report
306-2 Waste by type and disposal method Reducing Plastic and Packaging, p. 54, 2020 Sustainability Report; Reducing W aste and Increasing Recycling, p. 55, 2020 Sustainability Report
66
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTDisclosure No. Disclosure Title DICK’S Response
406: Non-Discrimination 
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Human Rights Policy ; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and DICK’S Sporting Goods Vendor Code 
of Conduct 
103-2 The management approach and its componentsHuman Rights Policy ; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and DICK’S Sporting Goods Vendor Code 
of Conduct 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachHuman Rights Policy ; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and DICK’S Sporting Goods Vendor Code 
of Conduct 
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Human Rights Policy
408: Child Labor
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Human Rights Policy ; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and DICK’S Sporting Goods Vendor Code 
of Conduct 
103-2 The management approach and its componentsHuman Rights Policy ; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and DICK’S Sporting Goods Vendor Code 
of Conduct 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachHuman Rights Policy ; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and DICK’S Sporting Goods Vendor Code 
of Conduct 
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor Human Rights Policy
412: Human Rights Assessment 
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Human Rights Policy ; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
103-2 The management approach and its components Human Rights Policy ; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Human Rights Policy ; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
412-3Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses  
or that underwent human rights screening Human Rights PolicyDisclosure No. Disclosure Title DICK’S Response
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Management Diversity, p. 22, 2020 Sustainability Report
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Gender Pay Parity, p. 21, 2020 Sustainability Report
67
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTDisclosure No. Disclosure Title DICK’S Response
416: Customer Health and Safety
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Athlete Safety, p. 42, 2020 Sustainability Report; Ensuring Product Quality and Safety, p. 45, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020  
Sustainability Reports; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-2 The management approach and its componentsAthlete Safety, p. 42, 2020 Sustainability Report; Ensuring Product Quality and Safety, p. 45, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020  
Sustainability Reports; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachAthlete Safety, p. 42, 2020 Sustainability Report; Ensuring Product Quality and Safety, p. 45, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020  
Sustainability Reports; Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report
416-1 Assessments of the health and safety impacts of products and service categories Ensuring Product Quality and Safety, p. 45, 2020 Sustainability Report
417: Marketing and Labeling
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Ensuring Product Quality and Safety, p. 45, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement,  
p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-2 The management approach and its componentsEnsuring Product Quality and Safety, p. 45, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement,  
p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approachEnsuring Product Quality and Safety, p. 45, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report; Stakeholder Engagement,  
p. 10, 2020 Sustainability Report
417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling Ensuring Product Quality and Safety, p. 45, 2020 Sustainability Report
418: Customer Privacy
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Securing and Protecting Athlete and Teammate Data and Privacy, p. 48, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-2 The management approach and its components Securing and Protecting Athlete and Teammate Data and Privacy, p. 48, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Securing and Protecting Athlete and Teammate Data and Privacy, p. 48, 2020 Sustainability Report; Material Topics, p. 9, 2020 Sustainability Report
418-1Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of  
customer dataSecuring and Protecting Athlete and Teammate Data and Privacy, p. 48, 2020 Sustainability Report
68
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS 2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT