 
 
 
 
   
Year Ended 30 June 2020 
Sustainability  Report 

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page i of 29 
 Table of Contents 
  
Message from the Managing Director/CEO .................................................................................. ii  
1. WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE DO ......................................................................................... 2  
1.1 Corporate Strategy with a Namibian Focus  ................................................................... 2  
2. OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY ................................................................................ 3  
2.1 Our Values  ......................................................................................................................... 3  
2.2 Industry Bodies and Guiding Documentation  ............................................................... 4  
3. HOW WE DO IT .................................................................................................................. ....... 6 
3.1 Code of Conduct  ............................................................................................................... 6  
3.2 Governance Framework  ................................................................................................... 6  
3.3 Stakeholder Engagement  ................................................................................................ 7  
4. OUR PEOPLE .................................................................................................................... ....... 8 
4.1 Safety  .............................................................................................................................. ... 8 
4.2 Radiation Safety and Monitoring ................................................................................... 10  
4.3 Training and Development  ............................................................................................ 14  
4.4 Diversity  .......................................................................................................................... 15  
5. OUR ENVIRONMENT ............................................................................................................. 1 6 
5.1 Where we Operate  .......................................................................................................... 16  
5.2 Environmental Management  .......................................................................................... 16  
5.3 Waste and Contamination  ............................................................................................. 16  
5.4 Flora and Fauna  .............................................................................................................. 17  
5.5 Weather  ........................................................................................................................... 18  
5.6 Water  .............................................................................................................................. .. 18 
5.7 Disturbance and Rehabilitation  ..................................................................................... 18  
5.8 Minimising Impacts  ........................................................................................................ 19  
5.9 Sample Storage Facility  ................................................................................................. 20  
6. OUR COMMUNITY ................................................................................................................. . 21 
6.1 Our Philosophy  ............................................................................................................... 21  
6.2 The Namibian Focus  ...................................................................................................... 21  
6.3 Community Projects  ....................................................................................................... 22  
7. OUR NAMIBIAN ECONOMIC IMPACT AND KEY METRICS ................................................ 26  
8. LOOKING FORWARD ............................................................................................................ 28  
CORPORATE DIRECTORY ...........................................................................................................  29 
  
Front Cover: Checking and measuring Welwitschia plants 
 Staff training, Namibia  
 Rehabilitation in progress 
 
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page ii of 29 
  
Message from the Managing Director/CEO 
I am pleased to share with you the inaugural Deep Yellow 
Sustainability Report, presented in an ESG framework.  You may wonder why an advanced exploration company in pre-development has gone to such trouble in preparation of this document?  Arguably, ESG transparency is not generally demanded until a company moves into mining when 
shareholders, potential investors and their respective 
agencies put greater emphasis and scrutiny on such matters.  Our philosophy at Deep Yellow is different.  We believe the development of a culture establ ishing critical environmental, 
social and governance responsibilities starts much earlier 
than the day a company begins operating a mine.  There needs to be necessary frameworks established and personnel need to be conditioned and trained to deliver on the expectation of ESG adherence and most importantly, believe it to be an important part of corporate existence.  This can only be achieved 
through leadership, practise and starting at an early stage, to allow effective implementation of the 
key ESG principles.  As a company still in the pre-development stage, Deep Yellow has decided to produce our first Sustainability Report, commensurate with the size of the Company.  This provides a foundation to allow this report, over the coming years, to  successfully grow, evolve and ensure the Company 
reports to required standards on this very important pillar  
 Also, being part of the uranium industry, Deep Yellow needs to place even greater importance and focus towards sustainable reporting and transparency.  The industry is often misunderstood by the public in terms of health and safety and, as such, a participant in this sector needs to demonstrate 
in a transparent manner that  it operates  at optimal performance levels across both the technical 
and non-technical aspects of its business.  In the context of the uranium and broader nuclear industry, Deep Yellow needs to show positive adherence to ESG principles, to provide confidence to its stakeholders and staff that the Company is doing its work with the required rigor.   I am proud we have produced this Sustainabili ty Report as the framework to advance our ESG 
journey and hope you take some time to read what Deep Yellow is doing in preparation to operate 
in a sustainable manner .
Drilling – Namibia. 
John Borshoff 
Managing Director/CEO 
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 1 of 29 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deep Yellow Project Area with the Namib-Naukluft National Park outlined in green. 
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 2 of 29 
  
1. WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE DO 
  
1.1 Corporate Strategy with a Namibian Focus 
Deep Yellow Limited ( Deep Yellow or the Company ) is a uranium company in pre-
development phase with its existing asset base located in Namibia, Southern Africa.  The Company is listed on the Australian and Namibian Stock Exchanges (DYL) and the United States OTCQX Market (DYLLF).  Based in Perth, Western Australia, Deep Yellow is aspiring 
to become a tier-one uranium producer through the combination of organic and inorganic 
growth, with a primary focus on preparing the Company to be in a position to provide a secure and reliable supply of uranium to a growing market.  Operations are conducted through Deep Yellow's wholly owned subsidiary in Namibia, Reptile Mineral Resources and Exploration (Pty) 
Ltd (RMR ).   
A Pre-Feasibility Study is currently underway on the Tumas Project, whilst the Company 
continues to advance broader exploration activities on its Namibian tenements. 
Since the appointment of John Borshoff as CEO and Managing Director in October 2016, the 
Company has set a new direction built around a unique, counter-cyclical, dual-pillar strategy focused on organic and inorganic growth, to deliver a 5-10Mlb, Tier 1 uranium producer with a low cost, multi-project global uranium platform. 
Organic growth will be delivered through exploration and development of the Company’s 
Namibian project portfolio. Importantly, since 2016, exploration success has tripled the resource base at the Reptile Project, at an extremely low discovery cost of 11.5c/lb. 
The Company’s inorganic growth plan is based on a targeted merger and acquisition program 
to establish a diversified portfolio of uranium operations for development from 2023 onwards. 
Effective execution of this differentiated strategy requires a leadership team with a proven track 
record, extensive industry knowledge and capability to deliver.  Deep Yellow has assembled a standout uranium team that brings proven project development, operational and corporate capabilities.  The majority of this team successfully worked together at Paladin Energy, which grew from a $2M explorer into a $4.5B high-quality uranium producer pre-Fukushima. 
The medium to long-term outlook for uranium is extremely positive, supported by the integral 
role nuclear power will play in meeting global clean energy targets and the ongoing need for reliable electricity. Through the operational expertise of the Company’s Board and management team, along with the execution of the unique and differentiated dual-pillar strategy, Deep Yellow is well-placed to deliver on its stated growth strategy. 
 
 
 
Note: 
Dollars/cents throughout are A$ 
Otherwise N$ denotes Namibian dollars.    
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 3 of 29 
 2. OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 
Deep Yellow is focused on creating long-term value for its shareholders, stakeholders and the 
communities in which we operate. Aside from operational performance, a key pillar to 
successfully achieving this goal is through the efficient, effective and ongoing implementation of environmental, social and governance (ESG) pillars. 
With a management team that has a proven and successful history in the uranium sector, we 
understand the importance of sustainability and making it core to how we operate, as we move into pre-development and beyond. By taking an early approach to the implementation of key 
ESG practices and principles, Deep Yellow is focused on creating a company-wide approach 
to sustainable practices and developing the Company and our projects in the right manner. 
Our commitment to managing the ESG pillars key to Deep Yellow is evident by the release of 
our first Sustainability Report, providing an early platform and the ability to build on this foundation as the Company develops. This will provide essential transparency for advancing 
Deep Yellow in a sustainable manner. As an aspiring mining company, we believe we can and 
should progressively integrate our focus on ESG from early stages of exploration and development, positively influencing our culture and communities, with sustainability integral to our growth.  With our operations centred in Namibia, this report focuses on activities in that country. 
2.1 Our Values 
 
The Board acknowledges that conducting the Company’s affairs with evolving staff diversity, 
the growing complexity of doing business, the changing nature of interaction dealing with 
personnel and the full range of stakeholders involved, requires a unifying set of beliefs and 
values, to allow the Company and its agents to proceed with clarity and purpose to achieve its 
stated goals without contradiction or ambiguity. Specifically: 
Safety and Wellbeing  
Provide a secure and safe environment to uphold the Company’s paramount objective of 
achieving zero-harm across its workplaces. 
Care and Respect 
Treat people with respect, dignity and courtesy regardless of background, lifestyle or position. 
Integrity and Accountability 
Take an honest, fair, ethical and transparent approach by taking ownership and responsibility 
for our decisions, actions and results.  Above all, to deliver on our promises and develop a 
strong sense of trust both internally and externally. 
Innovation 
Challenge the status quo to actively seek devel opment of novel solutions by encouraging fresh 
ways of thinking to find improved ways to increase the viability and efficiency of our business, 
while protecting key values. 
Collaboration 
Harness the leverage and benefit of team effort to the extent possible without diminishing the 
contribution of the individual and to nurture both of these desired attributes. 
  
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 4 of 29 
 2.2 Industry Bodies and Guiding Documentation 
Deep Yellow supports and respects international guiding documentation and seeks to conduct 
its business in accordance with the spirit and intent of them. 
Deep Yellow is a member of the Minerals Council of Australia ( MCA ) and the Australia-Africa 
Minerals & Energy Group ( AAMEG ) and is committed to the principles contained in their 
individual frameworks as set out below. In support of its Namibian operations, it also holds memberships of the Namibian Chamber of Mines ( CoMN ) and the Namibian Uranium 
Association ( NUA ). On a global level, it is a member of the World Nuclear Association ( WNA ). 
MCA Enduring Values The MCA is the leading advocate for Australia’s world class minerals industry, 
promoting and enhancing sustainability, profitability and competitiveness and has 
international bearing. The MCA developed the Enduring Value  framework which 
articulated the industry’s commitment to International Council on Mining and Metals' ( ICMM ) Principles and translated these into practice to provide detailed 
guidance to implement sustainable development principles at all levels within the business. It has been recognised internationally as a leading industry model.  
John Borshoff is a former board member of the MCA and is a member of the Uranium Forum, 
a sub-committee of the MCA specialising in those matters of specific importance to the uranium 
sector. 
The ten principles of Enduring Value  are: 
1. Implement and maintain ethical business practices and sound systems of governance. 
2. Integrate sustainable development principles into company policies and practices. 
3. Uphold fundamental human rights and respect cultures, customs, and values in dealings 
with employees and others who are affected by our activities. 
4. Implement risk management strategies based on valid data and sound science.  
5. Seek continual improvement of our health and safety performance. 
6. Seek continual improvement of our environmental performance. 
7. Contribute to conservation of biodiversity and integrated approaches to land use 
planning. 
8. Facilitate and encourage responsible product design, use, re-use, recycling and disposal 
of our products. 
9. Contribute to the social, economic, and institutional development of the communities in 
which we operate. 
10. Implement effective and transparent engagement, communications and independently 
verified reporting arrangements with stakeholders. 
The MCA’s Uranium Forum requires adherence to its Code of Practice and Stewardship which 
defines principles of behaviour and standards of best practice to guide improvements in 
performance in the Australian uranium industry. In 2014, John Borshoff chaired the committee responsible for its development. 
CoMN  
(Namibia) 
The Company is bound by the Code of Conduct and Ethics for Members which 
covers principles around human resources; procurement; intellectual property rights; health, safety and environment; technology and corporate governance. This mirrors the expectations set out in those bodies mentioned earlier. 
John Borshoff is a member of the Chamber’s Council.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 5 of 29 
 AAMEG 
(Australia) 
AAMEG supports members operating in Africa and facilitates collaboration 
between industry, governments and other stakeholders to ensure that resource development produces sustainable outcomes in Africa.  Members subscribe to its Charter  covering principles of Governance, the Workplace and the 
Community and commit to operating in accordance with those principles which recognise that positive social change in host communities is a business imperative. 
John Borshoff was instrumental in the formation of AAMEG in 2010. It has become the peak 
body representing Australian companies engaged in the development of Africa’s resource industry. Gillian Swaby, Executive Director, also served on its Board for 4 years. 
NUA   
(Namibia) 
This was formed in 2013 and was borne out of the Uranium Stewardship 
Committee formed under the auspices of the CoMN.  
John Borshoff was a leading proponent of the formation of that committee in 2008. Members 
of the NUA cooperatively enable the Namibian uranium exploration, mining and exporting industry to operate, expand and thrive safely and efficiently based on the principles of:  
 A commitment to sustainable development.  
 Uranium stewardship.   
 Avoiding anti-trust behaviour ( in terms of the global uranium anti-trust regulation ).  
 Supporting fit-for-purpose regulatory arrangements.  
 Transparent reporting.  
RMR is represented and participates in a number of sub-committees of the NUA. 
WNA   
(Global) 
On a global level, Deep Yellow is a member of the WNA, the 
international organisation that represents the global nuclear industry.  
Its mission is to promote a wider understanding of nuclear energy and members must adhere 
to its Charter of Ethics  covering, amongst other things, the guiding principle of sustainability of 
global development; a commitment to the safe and peaceful use of nuclear technology; 
transparency; and a common responsibility to uphold respective international legal commitments. 
John Borshoff sits on the Supply/Demand Working Group of the WNA feeding into its published 
biennial Nuclear Fuel Report. 
 
Namibian Environment & Wildlife Society (NEWS)  
 
RMR is a member of NEWS which strives for a healthy and productive environment, by: 
 Fostering environmental interest, enthusiasm and pride. 
 Creating awareness and understanding of environmental issues. 
 Sharing outdoor experiences and getting closer to the natural environment 
and wildlife. 
 Eliminating environmental apathy.   

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 6 of 29 
 3. HOW WE DO IT 
 3.1 Code of Conduct 
Deep Yellow is committed to not only acting in compliance with its legal obligations, but also 
acting ethically and responsibly, which involves acting with honesty, integrity and in a manner that is consistent with the reasonable expectations of investors and the broader community. The Company's Code of Conduct sets out what Deep Yellow regards as acceptable business practices for everyone involved in the business, with the aim of ensuring that Deep Yellow 
delivers on its stated commitments, underpinned by its Statement of Values. 
3.2 Governance Framework 
Effective and successful Corporate Governanc e is a primary and ongoing focus of the Deep 
Yellow Board. 
Detailed policies, procedures and systems of  control have been implemented to provide a 
strong framework to ensure governance outcomes meet the high expectations of the Company 
and its subsidiaries (the Group) and all stakeholder s.  The importance of governance is also 
reflected in all agreements with adherence to all relevant policies and procedures a contractual obligation.  Training is presented across the Group to ensure an understanding of the suite of policies and is included in inductions for external parties.  
The framework for the Company’s corporate governance policies follows the latest edition (4th 
Edition) of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Principles and Guidelines and the Company was an early adopter of the latest edition, implementing the necessary changes 12 
months in advance of the reporting deadline. The Directors of Deep Yellow have developed policies and practices which they believe will focus their attention and that of their Executives on the extremely important pillars of accountability, risk management and ethical conduct. 
The Company issues a Corporate Governance Statement each financial year and this can be 
found on the Company’s website at:  https://deepyellow.com.au/wp-content/uploads/CorporateGovernanceStatement30Jun20.pdf  
 
The statement provides a detailed overview on the practices of the Group which, taken as a whole, represents the system of governance. 
 
 
  
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 7 of 29 
 Deep Yellow continues to review its policies to ensure they reflect any changes within the 
Group, or to accepted principles and good practice. Key Governance Policies, available on the website, include: 
 
Anti-Bribery & 
Corruption Policy  Code of Conduct  Community Relations 
Policy 
     
Continuous Disclosure 
Policy  Diversity Policy  Environmental Policy 
     
Human Rights Policy  Occupational Health  
& Safety Policy  Privacy Policy 
     
Radiation Policy  Risk Management Policy  Securities Trading Policy 
     
Shareholder 
Communication &  
IR Policy    
 
3.3 Stakeholder Engagement 
Deep Yellow’s stakeholders are a diverse group including amongst them employees and 
contractors; suppliers; shareholders and investors; joint venture partners; local and host governments, regulatory authorities; financial institutions, local communities; industry 
associations and interested public generally both in Australia and those countries in which we 
operate. 
Effective and meaningful communication with these groups is of utmost importance to Deep 
Yellow and regular interaction is encouraged at all levels of management to develop strong relationships. There is an open line of communication to Executive Management in Perth and 
Namibia and the Company’s Community Relations Policy and Shareholder and Investor 
Relations Policy reflect the importance of open and transparent communication. 
As part of its legal requirement as a listed company on the Australian Stock Exchange (and 
also the Namibian Stock Exchange and the OTC-QX market in the USA), Deep Yellow has an obligation to provide regular updates to the market on the progress of the Company and its 
activities. The Company is also committed to answering ad-hoc enquiries from shareholders 
and the public and encourages interested parties to sign up to the Company’s newsletter facility on its website to receive timely and up-to-date news on the Company and the uranium industry in general. 
Open and ongoing communication is maintained with the Namibian Government Departments, 
in particular the Minister of Mines and Energy; the Ministry of Environment, Forestry and 
Tourism (MEFT); and the Park Authority. The local authority represented by the Governor of 
the Erongo Region is also given briefings. 
Interaction with the Chamber of Mines of Namibia and the Namibian Uranium Association 
occurs regularly with our local representatives serving on a number of the various committees and participating in policy development. Whistleblower Policy 
 
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 8 of 29 
 4. OUR PEOPLE 
 4.1 Safety  
Deep Yellow is committed to provide and maintain a safe and healthy work environment, with 
the target of “zero” incidences of occupational injuries and illnesses in the work place and believes that attaining a high level of performance in occupational health and safety is critical to the long-term success of its business. The O ccupational Health and Safety Policy provides 
a framework for Deep Yellow to achieve its objectives while achieving its operational aims. 
Safety is prioritised in the working environmen t by implementing control measures to prevent 
any injury or even fatality.  Personnel are encouraged to report all near misses, to assess the situation and find the best and safest way to eliminate the risk before it becomes a major safety concern.  This issue continues to be addressed at tool box talks (25 held during the year). 
Drug and alcohol tests are conducted randomly as RMR operates under zero-alcohol tolerance 
to achieve its zero-harm target. However, due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
alcohol and drug tests were discouraged as of March 2020. 
For its excellent safety 
performance, RMR (the operating Namibian subsidiary) 
was awarded the 2019 Inter-
Mining Safety Certificate (Category 2 - Exploration Companies) by the Namibian Chamber of Mines for the second year running.   
 
 
  
Whilst RMR has only been recording “hours worked” since January 2018, the last lost-time 
injury recorded was in 2014.  Three near-misses were recorded during FY20. 
LTI Injury Free Working Hours 
(Employees and Contractors) 
FY20 FY19 * Total Since January 
2018 
72,919 65,000 790,958 
* Date record keeping began and reporting of statistics began  
  Alcohol testing on site, Namibia.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 9 of 29 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
John Borshoff and Martin Hirsh (RMR) receiving the Safety 
Award from the Chamber of Mines Namibia last year (this year the award was presented via Zoom due to COVID-19). 
 
 
The operational policies and procedures are constantly under review to ensure they meet the 
changing needs of the business. Risk assessments, hazard identification, near-miss reporting and incident investigations form part of the overall framework. 
Management’s and employees’ commitment to a safe working environment includes regular 
toolbox talks, formal internal and external training, inductions and refresher workshops.  Inductions are held for external parties involved in our operations.  
The aim is to have an injury-free working environment, with the safety and health of the 
workforce a constant key focus across all activities. 
External OH&S Audit RMR contracted the services of an external OH&S consulting firm in February 2020 to conduct 
a Health and Safety Legal Compliance Audit.  
A good level of compliance was observed, especially concerning the associated high-risk 
conditions. 
 Positive attitude. 
 Emergency arrangements. 
 Risk management (transport, drilling). 
 Reasonable OSH compliance. 
 Effective operations. 
 Medical fitness. 
 Dust (Silica) monitoring. 
 Environmental commitment. 
It then provided RMR with a list of recommendations to improve the effectiveness of the current 
Health & Safety Management Program. This was converted to a detailed work plan with allocation of associated responsibilities and a working group formed to ensure completion of all tasks. Approximately 60% of those recommendations have been implemented with delays being experienced due to COVID-19 interruptions.  Work is ongoing with scheduled completion by end of the 2020 calendar year. Progress is reported on a monthly basis.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 10 of 29 
 COVID-19 
The recent past has presented new challenges with the advent of COVID-19. Whilst this was 
easier to deal with at a head office level in Perth with remote working and excellent 
communication infrastructure, detailed procedures  were also quickly implemented in Namibia 
based on the Australian experience. After a short period of “working from home”, the Namibian operations were granted dispensation as an essential industry to continue working under the implementation of strict hygiene and social distancing controls. This enabled Namibian operations to continue, whilst maintaining the health and safety of our workforce as the core principle. Zero COVID-19 infections were experienced during this reporting period.   
4.2 Radiation Safety and Monitoring 
The Company's uranium exploration activities are regulated in Namibia and require the 
application of radiation safety procedures and protocols, as well as the management of radiation exposure to personnel, members of the public and the environment. 
Throughout the year, RMR was fully compliant with its Radiation Management Plan ( RMP ), 
thereby ensuring that personnel, the general public and the environment were effectively safeguarded against potential harmful effects, that may have been caused by any incremental exposure to ionising radiation due to operational activities, recognising the Company is working in an extremely low-grade environment. In this regard, no radiation incidents were recorded. 
The Annual Radiation Management Report detailing al l radiation safety matters and monitoring 
results was submitted to the National Radiation Protection Authority of Namibia covering the Namibian reporting year ended 31 March 2020.  This Report covered field exploration activities including field mapping, predevelopment work such as PFS and baseline studies, ground geophysical surveys, drilling and subsequent rehabilitation of drill sites and tracks and pre-development work involving baseline studies for the current Pre-Feasibility Study. 
RMR’s Radiation Safety Officer ( RSO ) ensured compliance with the Atomic Energy and 
Radiation Protection Act 5 of 2005 and adherence to its RMP, which details the radiation safety requirements including: 
 radiation induction for all personnel and visitors; 
 personal Protective Equipment and behavioural measures; 
 occupational radiation exposure monitoring; 
 area gamma exposure monitoring; 
 surface contamination monitoring; 
 public exposure monitoring; and 
 environmental monitoring. 
The RSO ensures that registered personnel are informed of any need to wear a personal 
dosimeter or attend radiation-related training. 
4.2.1 Occupational Exposure Monitoring 
 
Radiation exposure monitoring involved: 
 personal gamma radiation exposure - Thermo-Luminescent Dosimeters ( TLD) used to 
determine personal direct gamma radiation exposure of RMR personnel and RMR contractors; 
 location-specific gamma radiation exposure - Thermo Scientific Personal Radiation 
Detector used to determine area specific gamma radiation exposure; 
 exposure to long-lived radioactive dust - monitored using a SKC Personal Dust Pump 
and Ludlum Alpha/Beta Data Logger (Model 2360); and 
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 11 of 29 
  uranium-in-urine testing - to indirectly monitor the potential ingestion of uranium through 
dust inhalation. 
The following table summarises the monitoring activities per exposure group and provides an 
indication of the frequency of such monitoring activities. 
 
RMR applies an annual occupational exposure li mit of 20 mSv/a for workers as per Namibian 
regulations. However, as a wholly owned subsidiary of Deep Yellow and in compliance with 
the ALARA ( As Low As Reasonably Achievable) principle, RMR has also adopted an internal 
annual dose limit of 5 mSv/a for personnel and contractors working with potential ionizing radiation exposure.  
4.2.2 Personal Exposure Monitoring  
 
Gamma radiation exposure 
TLDs were used to monitor individual 
gamma exposure of personnel and contractors. The TLDs were worn over 8-week cycles, after which they were 
collected and submitted to the South African 
Bureau of Standards ( SABS ) for analysis. 
Long-lived radioactive dust (LLRD) 
exposure: 
SKC Personal Dust Pump & Ludlum Alpha / 
Beta Data Logger (Model 2360) were used 
to determine radiation exposure due to the 
inhalation of LLRD. 
 The highest exposure dose recorded was 1.00 mSv/a for a contract driller. This reading, along 
with that of the other personnel that were monitored is, however, relatively low when compared 
to RMR's internal dose limit of 5mSv/a and the legal occupational dose limit of 20mSv/a.  No 
cases of overexposure were recorded during the period under review. Occupational 
Exposure 
Group *  Type of 
Exposure  Exposure 
Pathway  Monitoring Activity  Equipment  
EG 1 Internal Inhalation of 
dust Collect dust samples and 
analyse for activity  SKC Personal Dust Pump & Ludlum 
Alpha/Beta Data Logger (Model 2360) Monthly 
Ingestion of 
dust Occasional urine 
sampling No equipment required: provision of urine 
sample under controlled medical conditions of medical service provider Every 2 months 
External Direct Allocation of TLD SABS TLD TLD worn for 2 
months per 
allocated person 
Regular location-specific 
sampling Thermo RadEye PRD As required 
EG 2 Internal Inhalation of 
dust Collect dust samples and 
analyse for activity  SKC Personal Dust Pump & Ludlum Alpha / 
Beta Data Logger (Model 2360) Monthly 
External Direct Allocation of TLD SABS TLD TLD worn for 8-
week cycles per allocated person 
* EG1   personnel undertaking activities t hat produce radioactive dus t, including drill crews, r ehabilitation and waste removal  personnel and those undertak ing sample preparation 
* EG2   personnel who are occasionally ex posed to sources of  ionising radiation  
Operations, Namibia.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 12 of 29 
 4.2.3 Public Exposure Monitoring 
 
Public monitoring was conducted by randomly meas uring dose rates at several public locations 
near the RMR offices in Swakopmund throughout the year using a RadEye PRO. The locations included: 
 Phillip Street; 
 Hidipo Hamutenya Street; and 
 Cafe Rosso (adjoining RMR premises). 
The following table shows the average dose rates measured during the reporting period that 
were extrapolated to represent public exposure (8,760 hours) and occupational exposure (2,000 hours) at the respective locations. 
Average background inclusive gamma doses recorded for public areas 
 in close proximity to the RMR premises, Swakopmund. 
Area Average 
per year 
(uSv/hr) Ambient 
Exposure 
Public 
8,760/hr(mSv/a) Occupational Dose 
Rate_2000hr 
(mSv/a) 
Phillip Street 0.07 0.58 0.13 
H. Hamutenya Street 0.07 0.64 0.15 
Café Rosso 0.07 0.59 0.14 
 
The doses indicate that members of the public residing at these locations for the entire year 
(8,760 hours) would, at most, be subjected to a gamma dose rate of 0.64 mSv/a inclusive of 
background radiation. The ambient gamma dose rates at the public locations are all lower than the average background gamma dose rate for the Erongo Region, which is 0.9 mSv/a. In all environments monitored exposures are extremely low and warrant no concern.  The lower recorded dose rates reduce the possibility that RMR's operations had any significant 
contribution to the gamma doses at these locations. 
Since the localities are in an industrial area, it is more likely that any exposure to members of 
the public will be to people who are working at the surrounding industrial outlets. Thus, an occupational exposure dose, considering 2,000hrs worked per year, should be more applicable. The highest occupational gamma dose rate recorded was 0.15mSv/a, inclusive of background. 
All these doses are lower than the applicable public exposure dose limit of 1 mSv/a, thus 
indicating that RMR’s operational activities, in addition to natural background radiation, have not subjected members of the public to doses above the public limit during the reporting period and are unlikely to do so. 
  
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 13 of 29 
 4.2.4 Radiation Training and Education 
 
Radiation safety training is given to all personnel, contractors as well as visitors that may be 
exposed to ionizing radiation. This is to ensure that they receive sufficient and suitable information in relation to health risks created by such exposure, radiation protection procedures and precautions, which are applicable and the importance of complying with the administrative requirements of the Company's RMP. 
As part of such training initiatives, the RSO attended the Radiation Safety Officers' refresher 
course at NUI in Swakopmund in November 2019. This course focussed on updating the 
theoretical and practical skills required by ra diation practitioners and is a requirement for 
recertification for RSOs practising in the uranium mining and exploration environment. The RSO also attended a sealed source safety training course at the NUI in September 2019 that covered the safe use and storage of sealed sources at the workplace. 
Training on radiation-related 
matters for new employees and contractors at RMR commences with a formal radiation induction session and is followed by 
subsequent annual refresher 
training. The induction covers topics such as the potential health effects of radiation on the human body, its exposure pathways, monitoring devices 
and protection measures being 
implemented at RMR. 
 
 
In this regard, 81 employees and contractors at RMR received radiation induction training 
during the reporting period. Informal toolbox meetings sharing information on radiation, health, 
and safety-related matters are held frequently. 
RMR keeps a register of all personnel and contractors potentially exposed to ionizing radiation, 
which is administered and maintained by the RSO. The RSO ensures that registered personnel are informed of any need to wear a personal dosimeter or attend radiation-related training.  
In February 2020, 
RMR participated in 
an emergency drill in Walvis Bay simulating a uranium concentrate spillage. All local 
uranium companies 
participated, followed by a debrief. This emergency simulation is an annual event.  
  Uranium spill simulation training.  Our Radiation Safety Officer presenting training.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 14 of 29 
 4.3 Training and Development  
Our Training and Development Policy is in line with the belief that a competent, performing 
employee is an asset which appreciates in value for the organisation due to the highly 
competitive and ever-changing business environment. We commit to continuously develop our personnel, aligned to the Company’s objectives.   During the year operational personnel participated in a number of external training courses with subject matter covering first aid, firefighting, defensive and 4WD driving, finance, tax, 
written communications and SHER. Internally, training sessions included a variety of technical 
topics focussed on uranium exploration and development together with ongoing refresher presentations and toolbox talks on a wide range of subjects.  As appropriate, attendance at 
international uranium forums 
and technical conferences provides exposure to global trends and technical advances.  
The Group has excellent video 
conferencing capacity linking Perth and Namibia and this has become increasingly valuable as a training tool given the advent of COVID-19. This 
allows the senior professionals 
based in head office in Perth, Western Australia to easily and effectively present training modules to Namibian 
personnel. 
  
4.3.1 Supporting Further Study 
 
Study assistance is available to employees as a support mechanism for their ongoing career 
development. We aim to create a culture of continuous learning where, through a partnership 
with the Company, employees can invest in their career development. A Study Assistance Policy is in place to support employees who undertake approved courses of study with financial support to complete their higher education in areas that are closely aligned to the business requirements. 
 
There is currently one female staff member completing a Bachelor of Accounting under this arrangement.  The Group also supports further academic study, as appropriate for both the individual and the business, through the provision of study leave specifically addressed in our Leave Policy. 
Three employees utilised this leave category during the year. 
 
4.3.2 Peer Mentoring  
 
It is vital that the knowledge and experience of those more senior personnel is passed on to 
those progressing through their professional journey. The Group has over 200 years’ 
equivalent experience of the uranium sector and in-house mentoring and training programs are part of the transfer of knowledge. This is particularly critical in an industry where, due to the various periods of inactivity in the sector, experienced talent is in short supply globally. A formal mentoring program is prepared scheduli ng presentations on a 6-weekly basis.  
Workplace training.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 15 of 29 
 The Company also supports an overseas PhD student from the University of Witwatersrand, 
who is currently finalising his thesis on the structural geology of the central zone of the Damara 
Orogen Namibia and is based in Namibia during this period. This provides RMR with excellent 
additional high-level technical input to its expl oration activities and further exposes local 
personnel to shared technical expertise.  
 
4.4 Diversity 
Deep Yellow is committed to actively managing diversity to attract, retain and motivate 
directors, employees, consultants and contractors from the widest possible pool of available talent.   
Diversity involves recognising and valuing the unique contribution people can make because 
of their individual background and different skills,  experiences and perspectives.  Deep Yellow 
values the differences between its people and the contribution these differences make. 
Personnel are expected to contribute to ensuring that the work environment is free from 
discrimination, harassment, vilification and victimisation and Deep Yellow’s Board and 
management will ensure that complainants or reports of this type of behaviour are treated seriously, confidentially and sympathetically and have the benefit of the Group's Whistleblower Policy. 
The Diversity Policy affirms existing employment arrangements and is supported by: 
 recruitment and management of a diverse workforce;  
 recruitment and selection practices;  
 training and development programs;  
 flexible working practices, as appropriate; and 
 career progression.  
At 30 June 2020 Deep Yellow had a diverse workforce with operations in Australia and Africa, 
with the majority based in Namibia.  There are no ex-patriate personnel based in Namibia.  Technical specialists from head office visit the operations as required. 
The Board of Directors of Deep Yellow has one female member out of six (17%), with two other 
local female directors appointed to a number of its Namibian subsidiaries.  Its Namibian 
workforce of 31 is led by a female Exploration Manager, with an underlying staff ratio of 55% 
male to 45% female. At this stage of its development, the Group is not at a stage to have defined numerical gender targets. 
  
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 16 of 29 
 5. OUR ENVIRONMENT 
 
5.1 Where we Operate 
 All of the Group’s tenements in Namibia are located within the Namib-Naukluft National Park (NNNP or Park). This is an ecologically protected area and was proclaimed in August 1979. The Park has an area of 49,800 km² and at the time of proclamation it was the largest protected area in Namibia and is the fourth largest national park in the world. 
 
Environmental management and responsibility are of even greater significance when operating in this protected environment. In addition to the Environmental Management Plans in place, as 
approved by government, compliance with the Park rules is also required as managed by the Department of Environment, Forestry and Tourism.  
 
RMR has complied with both its Environmental Management Plans ( EMP ) and the NNNP rules 
at all times during the reporting period.  
5.2 Environmental Management 
The team has a full appreciation of the necessity to operate within required governance and 
sustainability regimes in compliance with best practice guidelines. Environmental management is integral to the Namibian operations in accordance with the Namibian Environmental Management Act No.7 of 2007 and RMR’s EMP.  The Company has taken a structured and 
organised approach with well-defined programs, responsibilities and commitment aiming at effectively protecting the environment and minimising the impacts of its operations on the environment.  
Environmental activities include: 
 Pro-active environmental monitoring and periodic review of EMP and RMP. 
 Induction to, and toolbox meetings with, all personnel. 
 Assessment of environmental sensitivity of new prospecting targets. 
 Avoidance and/or mitigation of damage or disturbance to fauna and flora. 
 Rehabilitation of drill sites and tracks. 
 Vehicle satellite tracking. 
 Use of fat bikes to minimise disturbance. 
 Monthly monitoring of Welwitschia plants. 
 Monthly data collection from a weather station. 
 Reference to environmental compliance and performance in all contractual documents. 
The Environmental Control Officer ( ECO ) ensures that these programs are effectively 
implemented with the activity and results reported bi-annually to MEFT in a timely manner.  Deep Yellow also act as another set of eyes on an y environmental disturbance by other parties 
found in the Park, which is immediately reported to the Park warden by our ECO at the time of discovery.  In most cases, disturbances are suspected poaching on off-road tracks. 
All exploration licences are in good standing, having valid Environmental Clearances 
Certificates issued.  
5.3 Waste and Contamination 
5.3.1 Drilling Waste  
Mineralised material is disposed of into the original drill hole. Excess mineralised 
material and/or contaminated waste is registered and was previously disposed of at the 
contaminated waste storage facility at the neighbouring Langer Heinrich Mine, together 
with contaminated sample bags and discarded drill chips.  
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 17 of 29 
 During the reporting period, however, Langer Heinrich Mine gave notice that RMR 
could no longer discard material at the mine site due to its care and maintenance status.  
RMR then applied to MEFT for permission to dispose of drill chip samples at the 
historical mine trenches on Swakop Uranium’s EPL3138. An agreement was reached with Swakop Uranium and a site visit was conducted with both Swakop Uranium personnel and the Park authority. Subsequently, MEFT granted permission on 16 June 2020. The trenches will be rehabilitated (closed) once filled, as per the terms and conditions of the MEFT approval letter and in line with the Environmental Management Act No 7 of 2007.  
Used sample bags from RMR’s in-house laboratory and drill sites are thoroughly 
checked for contamination before they are recycled as domestic waste and taken to the recycle depot of Rent a-Drum. 
5.4 Flora and Fauna  
 The Central Namib is divided into three zones, namely an approximately 35 to 40km wide 
coastal strip (where fog is frequent); an approximately 50km wide arid zone further east of 
intermediate fog influence; and a semi-arid eastern zone where the desert merges into the arid savannah and the escarpment, called the Pro-Namib. The availability of moisture is unpredictable; therefore, vegetation is sparse and often patchy.  
A structured and organised approach with well-defined programs, responsibilities and 
commitments is necessary to effectively pr otect this environment and minimise negative 
impacts. 
Ten Welwitschia plants have been continuously monitored in the vicinity of RMR's INCA 
prospect since 2009.  This monitoring also as sists RMR’s Environmental Department with 
identifying any disturbances of the area. 
Welwitschia mirabilis plants are 
unusual for their large, strap like 
leaves that grow continuously along the ground.  The leaves have a unique structure that allows them to harvest moisture from night time 
dew in the desert.  During its entire 
life, each plant produces only two leaves, which often split into many segments as a result of the leaves being whipped by the wind. Carbon-14 datings of the largest 
plants have shown that some 
individuals are over 1,500 years old with their leaves the longest-lived in the plant kingdom.  Whilst neither endangered nor rare, nevertheless 
they are protected by law and 
feature on the Namibian Coat of Arms. 
The common fauna found within our EPLs are zebra, oryx, springbok, rabbit, Namaqua 
chameleon (reptiles), ground squirrel and black-back jackal. Cheetah are also in the area but 
rarely seen due to their hunting habits and hyena are seldom spotted as they are nocturnal. 
Ostrich are common in the area. 
Welwitschia plant (number 9) as monitored.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 18 of 29 
 Animal sightings are not reported unless considered to be dangerous to humans such as lion, 
leopard and elephant. These are then immediately reported to the Ministry of Environment Forestry and Tourism via the Park Warden. 
Any dead animals are always reported to the Park Warden for further investigation including 
any found that are suspected to have been the result of poaching. As the Park Warden is based in the Park near our EPL3497, an excellent working relationship exists. 
5.5 Weather  
A weather station is maintained 
in the project area and this has 
been operating since 2010. A new weather station was installed in July 2019 and weather continues to be 
downloaded monthly.  Data will 
provide a baseline for modelling local weather including dust and radon predictions.   
Weather statistics are included 
in our bi-annual reports to 
Government. An extract of data is shown below. 
 
Weather data for the period January to June 2020. 
 Januar y Februar y March  April  May June  
Maximum temperature (°C) 28.3 26.0 28.5 28.9 32.9 30.2 
Minimum temperature (°C) 15.1 15.9 14.2 13.5 16.9 15.1 
Wind velocity (km/h) 48.3 43.5 45.1 67.6 59.5 64.4 
Rainfall (mm) 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.2 0.0 0.2 
 
5.6 Water 
There are currently 20 water bores monitored and sampled each quarter throughout the 
uranium-mineralised areas of the Tumas palaeochannel. Of these, 13 were installed during the current financial year. 
Sampling includes measuring the water level and assaying for major ions, multiple metals and 
radionuclides and assessing current water quality to establish a baseline against which future 
activities can be monitored. This is a require ment of the Environmental Impact Assessment 
(EIA). 
In terms of operations, water on site required for drilling operations is trucked in containers to 
avoid unnecessary flowing. 
5.7 Disturbance and Rehabilitation 
Under the Environmental Management Act No 7 of 2007 all the disturbed areas must be 
rehabilitated.  Permission is required by MEFT when main tracks are created and after rehabilitation MEFT must be called in to inspect and sign off approval of the rehabilitated area. Weather data collection.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 19 of 29 
 Once drilling is completed and approval given by the geology department, rehabilitation begins.  
Rakes are used to pull and level the sand, covering the tracks created by vehicles.  A final 
sweep then restores the area to a natural state.  Prior to starting rehabilitation, the drill holes 
are cleaned, picking up oil spillage and back filling the holes. 
The ECO is the authorised 
person to create tracks for the drillers and geologists to follow.  Plants and animal 
burrows are to be avoided.  
The main access tracks do 
not undergo rehabilitation as these remain for future access to the main areas of 
activity so as not to create 
additional disturbances. Other tracks not shown as being rehabilitated remain for the near-term as they will 
be used for future drilling 
and then subsequently rehabilitated so as to cause minimal disturbance in the desert. 
 
 
Rehabilitation 
Year ended 30 June 2020 
  Created Rehabilitated 
EPL3496 and EPL3497  Tracks (km) 88.5 - 
 Drillholes/sites 700 700 
EPL3669 and EPL3670 Tracks (km) 96.5 114.8* 
 Drillholes/sites 235 235 
* included the old tracks drilled earlier 
 
The Park wardens visit the Park regularly, includ ing inspection of our EPLs.  They provide sign-
off on the rehabilitation work undertaken. 
5.8 Minimising Impacts 
A ground radiometric (spectrometer) survey was conducted across several radiometric surface 
anomalies. Commonly, this type of survey is done by foot with a hand-held scintillometer- or spectrometer.  However, due the large area that had to be covered, the survey was undertaken 
on a fat-tyre bicycle (fat bike), which the geophysical equipment was mounted to.  Rakin g the sand in rehabilitation.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 20 of 29 
 Fat bikes provide a comfortable 
drive in even sandy terrain and, by 
nature, have a very small footprint 
on the ground.  Fat bike tracks are very light and easily rehabilitate themselves.  
Permission to utilise a fat bike 
bicycle in the NNNP was sought 
from and obtained by the office of 
the NNNP and Chief Warden of MEFT, prior to commencement of the survey work. The ground survey covered an area of 
10.5km2. 
 
Four RMR light vehicles were used for rehabilitation activities, environmental monitoring and 
the collection of sample bags. RMR’s light vehicles are GPS-equipped and their movements 
are monitored for safety and environmental purposes.  
No offensive driving incidents were recorded and all the Park rules were adhered to. 
No temporary living quarters or camps were erected and personnel commuted daily between 
site and Swakopmund.   All drilling activities are provided with a portable toilet.  
5.9 Sample Storage Facility 
Rocky Point is RMR’s drill sample 
storage facility, located on EPL3496. 
The samples are stored in sea containers and steel drums and the storage facility is securely fenced off and not accessible to members of the public. 
During the reporting period, 
deteriorated plastic and cloth sample bags were collected for disposal.  
  
Rocky Point sample st orage with workers 
 inspecting core.  Fat bike traversing desert.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 21 of 29 
 6. OUR COMMUNITY 
 6.1 Our Philosophy 
It is vitally important that the Group contributes to the growth and prosperity of those countries 
in which it operates and, within the capacity that is possible, responds to the needs of its communities. 
This commitment is achieved through top-down support from Board level, supportive policies 
that are adhered to and personnel dedicated to achieving CSR objectives. All CSR projects 
undertaken are subject to a review process and monitoring to ensure the highest level of 
integrity and are managed and assessed to ensure compliance with the Group’s Community Relations Policy. 
The Company is focussed on contributions to community projects that are sustainable and 
able to show an appropriate governance structure. There is a defined process for considering 
CSR projects beginning with a detailed proposal presented by local management setting out 
the background of the proposed project, the objectives, and the justification together with a detailed budget and timeline.  A review of the recipient’s governance and financial processes is also undertaken. The proposal is then reviewed for approval by the Executive Director in the Deep Yellow head office and, on acceptance, the management of the recipient group is taken through the Group’s corporate governance training. 
Following completion of the project, a review is undertaken to assess the success or otherwise 
of the project and its implementation so that lessons can be learned. 
When operating in overseas jurisdictions, Deep Yellow acknowledges the importance of 
understanding that it is operating in a “visitor” capacity in the country of interest and must engage with due respect in all interactions. Deep Yellow aims to achieve the right balance 
between the economic, environmental and social needs  in all phases of its projects and its 
Community Relations Policy provides such a framework.  It is rewarding to see the benefits of the various projects, all of which are aligned with the host country’s development goals. 
6.2 The Namibian Focus 
The Group’s operations are currently centred in Namibia and therefore the CSR activity is 
focussed in that country under the RMR banner.  RMR’s CSR activities continue to be aligned with Namibia’s Fifth National Development Plan (NDP5) and the Harambee Prosperity Plan, targeted action plans of the Namibian Government.  
The Harambee Prosperity Plan aims to accelerate development in clearly defined priority areas 
to eradicate poverty and social inequality. It complements the long-term goals of the National Development Plans and Vision 2030 and incorporates new development opportunities and aims to address challenges. The Harambee Prosperity Plan has five pillars, namely  
 Effective Governance.   
 Economic Advancement.   
 Social Progression.   
 Infrastructure Development. 
 International Relations and Co-operation. 
  
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 22 of 29 
 In supporting this initiative and ensuring its community projects fit within the various categories 
supporting the five pillars, our activities co ver varied needs and are primarily focussed on: 
 fostering early childhood development through educational support; 
 empowering communities through sport;  
 promoting a sustainable environment; and 
 community support through COVID-19 initiates. 
In the reporting period, RMR invested N$259,000 directly into community initiatives including 
N$100,000 on behalf of its joint venture partner, the Japanese, Oil, Gas and Metal National Corporation (JOGMEC), a clear commitment to working with the communities around us. In addition to direct expenditure, sports leave to assist with the Olympic boxing team and staff 
time associated with CSR activities brought the total investment to almost N$500,000.  This 
excludes the value items donated by the Group. 
 6.3 Community Projects 
 
6.3.1 Early Childhood Development 
 Mondesa Youth Opportunities (MYO)   Founded in 2003, MYO is a non-profit, registered Namibian trust which offers intensive education intervention for students from underprivileged schools who show ability and promise.  MYO operates entirely on donations.  
At MYO 120 learners, ranging from 
Grades 4 to 8, receive extra instruction in English, Mathematics, Reading, Life Skills, Computers, Sports and Music, 
every afternoon after school, for a 
period of 5 continuous years.  There is no charge for their services however attendance by students is mandatory.  MYO targets high-achieving learners from disadvantaged socioeconomic 
backgrounds and cultivates positive 
thinking and high self-esteem to lay the path for a future generation of forward-thinking Namibian leaders.   
 
 
The school also offers an alumni 
program for former MYO students as they move through grades 9 to 12.  In addition to the cash contribution 
made in conjunction with our joint 
venture partner, JOGMEC,  boxes of 
library books were collected and donated from the head office in Australia together with stationery, computing equipment and personal 
hygiene supplies. 
 MYO music class.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 23 of 29 
  
6.3.2 Children with Handicap Action in Namibia (C.H.A.I.N.)  
 
C.H.A.I.N. is a non-profit organisation 
offering services to young handicapped 
Namibian children with the aim of achieving full integration into the mainstream of life.  Based in Swakopmund, it is currently looking after 20 handicapped children (mainly down 
syndrome and cerebral palsy), 3 to 12 years 
of age.  
 
C.H.A.I.N. collects the children from their homes in the morning and takes them to the centre. Here, they follow an educational program, teaching them not only basic 
education but also physical movement and 
mobility. C.H.A.I.N. also provides a nutritious meal to the children.  Our support assisted with the payment of teachers' salaries.  
6.3.3 Albertus Tsamaseb Boxing Academy (ATBA) 
 
Empowering Communities Through Sports  ATBA is a registered non-profit organisation in Swakopmund serving previously disadvantaged community members. It provides a safe training environment that instils co-operation, 
athleticism, sportsmanship, commitment and self-confidence in its members.  
 
Over the years ATBA has produced both 
national and international champions, including Jonas Junias Jonas who won a gold medal at the 2018 Commonwealth 
Games and has been training at the 
academy since the age of 10. Jonas had qualified for the 2020 Olympic Games in Japan although the competition was cancelled due to the global pandemic. He 
had previously participated in the 2016 
Olympic Games.   
 
 
 
 RMR continues to support the academy with the upgrading of its training facility and the provision of uniforms and administrative support.   
During the year, a boxing ring was procured and donated to 
ABTA.  Due to COVID-19 related trade restrictions, the delivery of the boxing ring was delayed and will be assembled as soon as local lockdown restrictions are lifted. 
  
Jonas Junias Jonas with his gold medal won at the African 
Olympic qualifiers in Dakar, Senegal in early 2020.  Tricot handover. Left: Owner and coach Albertus Tsamaseb, 
Right: Gillian Swaby, Executive Director, Deep Yellow Ltd . Symbolic che que handover.  
C.H.A.I.N. da y care centre.  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 24 of 29 
 6.3.4 Vultures of Namibia  
 
Supporting a Sustainable Environment  
 Vultures of Namibia was established in 1997 and focusses on lappet-faced vulture ringing in the Namib Naukluft National Park, vulture ringing on commercial farms and visiting farming communities to promote vulture 
conservation. 
 All six vulture species still found in Namibia are existing under pressure from several sources, with poison 
being the number one killer. Like 
vultures throughout Africa and other parts of the world, vultures continue to decline in numbers. In Namibia, the status of vultures, as defined by the 
International Union for conservation of 
Nature (IUCN), is as follows:   
 Egyptian Vulture  Extinct as a breeding species 
 Hooded Vulture  Endangered 
 White-backed Vulture  Endangered 
 Cape Vulture  Critically endangered 
 Lappet-faced Vulture  Vulnerable 
 White-headed Vulture  Vulnerable 
 
Although many vultures breed in national parks, game reserves and protected areas, they 
often feed on farms and communal areas. Here they become victims of the unrelenting struggle between farmers and predatory mammals attacking domestic livestock. 
 
RMR adopted a vulture and 
sponsored satellite tracking 
equipment to promote nature conservation and help to raise awareness of the endangered species breeding in the Namib 
Naukluft National Park, where 
RMR operates.  As a sponsor, RMR was able to name the adopted bird with a staff competition, resulting in "John 
Travulture, "and now receive 
regular updates on its movements.  
  
Climbing small tree to ring chick.  
Chick with satellite tracker.  
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 25 of 29 
 6.3.5 Cacti Eradication 
 
Invasive cacti are taking over habitats of native vegetation and spreading throughout Namibia 
at an incredibly rapid pace. 
 
 Friedhelm and Gunhild Voigts from Windhoek founded “Cactus Clean-up” to prevent an entire collapse of the native vegetation in that area. They employ jobless workers to do the clean-ups and are paid by donations only. All equipment used by them, including rakes, shovels, and 
wheelbarrows, are also donated.  
 
 
 
6.3.6 Hands of Hope  
 Community Support – COVID-19 Initiatives
 
 
Hands of Hope (HoH) is a voluntary organisation that 
started off in 2013 and has recently registered as a non-profit organisation. The organisation has volunteers across various towns who provide funding from their own pockets and give freely of their time.   
Since the outbreak of COVID-19, HoH efforts have 
been focused on supplying food parcels to those who are severely affected financially by the pandemic. HoH concentrates its efforts mainly on families with disabled children, single mothers as well as the elderly and 
those who have family members with illnesses such as 
severe diabetes or others who need specialised diets.  
 
The funds donated by RMR were utilised for food and 
basic hygiene articles. RMR also assisted the 
organisation with RMR staff packing and distributing the food parcels in Swakopmund. In addition, RMR’s employees donated second-hand clothes and other household items to the organisation. This support 
continued in August 2020 with further funding.  
    
 Aloes losing their habitat.  
Photo by G. Voigts . 
Cacti eradication in Windhoek using tools 
donated by RMR.  Photo by G. Voigts . 
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 26 of 29 
 Handover of cleaning reagents to the DRC kindergarten.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
6.3.7 Grow Together Kindergarten 
 
The Grow Together Kindergarten is located in the Democratic Resettlement Community (DRC) 
at the outskirts of Swakopmund and was originally created in support of the DRC Women’s Project to supervise the children of the women working at the centre. Today, the kindergarten is open for all children of the DRC community.   
The kindergarten currently caters for 64 children between 3 and 6 years of age taught in three 
separate classes.  Due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, RMR assisted the kindergarten with disinfectant, sanitisers and other cleaning reagents to ensure that children could continue 
learning in a safe environment.   
 
 
 
    
 
      
 
     
 
 
 
  Classroom of the DRC kindergar ten (before the pandemic).  Distribution of food parcels in Swako pmund.  Packing of food parcels at  RMR’s office premises. Facebook, 31 May 2020 
"This week we are at a loss for words. REPTILE MINERAL RESOURCES AND EXPLORATION (PTY) LTD all the way from Australia came on b oard 
this week and simply took our breath away. They decided to give something back to the Namibian community who was hard hit durin g COVID-19. This 
week did they not only sponsor the whole f ood drive, they also supplied the vehicles , the manpower and the premises to handle t he logistical issues 
we face each week.  
Everybody from the safety officers, the cleaners, finance departm ent right down to top management got involved and helped. With out them the around 120 food 
parcels we managed this week would not have been possible. They  got involved with the deliveries in the poorest of poor areas a s well (photos not allowed to be 
uploaded due to confidentiality) so they were pretty much re sponsible for everything this week. We cannot thank them enough. Th ey are true ambassadors for their 
country. Namibia thanks you for giving  back to the community! You have no  idea what big difference you made."  

 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 27 of 29 
 7. OUR NAMIBIAN ECONOMIC IMPACT AND KEY METRICS 
 
KEY METRICS (in-country operations, Namibia) 
The table below sets out the Group's contribution to the Namibian economy together with other 
operational statistics for the financial year ended 30 June 2020. 
Project  
Cost per discovery pound of uranium A11.5 cents/lb 
Increase in Resources (JORC compliant) 34% 
Number of drill holes 909 
Metres drilled 22,901 metres 
Conversion of Inferred to Indicated Resource – Tumas 3 96.4% 
 
Community – Financial Impact  
Local Namibian procurement N$13,381,692 
Contribution to community projects N$500,000 
Salaries paid into Namibian community N$9,665,722 
Social Security contributions N$95,707 
 
Safety  
Manhours worked accident-free 72,919 hours 
Manhours accumulated accident-free* 790,958 hours 
Near-misses 3 
Highest radiation exposure dose 1.00mSv/a 
- Legal dose limit       20mSv/a 
- Internal dose limit   5mSv/a  
 
 
Financial  
Local taxes in Namibia  
- PAYE 
- National Training Authority 
- Annual Corporate Duties (BIPA) 
- Mines Department Licence Fees N$2,015,650 
N$103,651 
N$156,856 
N$22,000 
* Since January 2018 when record keeping and reporting started.   
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 28 of 29 
 8. LOOKING FORWARD 
The Tumas PFS commenced in January 2020 and is scheduled for completion in the 
December 2020 quarter.  With a positive outcome, the Company is expected to proceed to a 
Definitive Feasibility Study along with a Mini ng Licence application and Environmental Impact 
Assessment. 
The Company will also be carrying out other exploration activities on the EPLs the Company 
holds both in its own right and in joint venture.  
Being a responsible corporate citizen is key to gaining trust and respect in those countries in 
which we operate, not only through technical and operational success but also in matters 
related to environmental, social and community well-being.  
As the Group moves forward through the development process in Namibia, all aspects of ESG 
will be monitored and reported, with an ongoing focus on operating in an open and transparent manner.    
 
   
 
 
  
RMR’s office premises, Swakopmund, Namibia. 
 
Deep Yellow Limited          Sustainability Report – 30 June 2020 Page 29 of 29 
 CORPORATE DIRECTORY 
 
Deep Yellow Limited 
 
Registered Office  
Unit 17, Spectrum Building, Second Floor 
100-104 Railway Road 
Subiaco, Western Australia, 6008 
Telephone: + 61 8 9286 6999 
Email: info@deepyellow.com.au   
 
Postal Address  
PO Box 1770  
Subiaco   Western Australia   6904 
 
Stock Exchange Listings  
Australian Securities Exchange  (ASX)   Code: DYL 
OTC Markets Group (USA)               (OTCQX) Code: DYLLF 
Namibian Stock Exchange          (NSX)     Code: DYL 
 
Website  
www.deepyellow.com.au 
ABN  
ABN 97 006 391 948 
Twitter  
 @deepyellowltd  
LinkedIn  
deep-yellow-limited 
 
 
Reptile Mineral Resources & Exploration Pty Ltd 
 
Registered Office 
48 Hidipo Hamutenya Street 
Swakopmund, Namibia 
Telephone: +264 (0) 64 415 200     
Email: info@reptile.com.na   
 
Postal Address  
PO Box 2538  
Swakopmund, Namibia, 9000    
 
 
