A
 
 2021 ESG report: 
Caring for patients,
people and planet
BTable of contentsLeadership message 2
About this report 3
Who we are 4
The values that guide us   5
ICON: Powered by healthcare intelligence 7
Molecule to medicine 9
Awards and recognition 10
ESG at ICON 12
Our commitment to ESG   13
ESG at ICON: Highlights from 2021 14
Our ESG priorities 15
Engaging our stakeholders 17
Our commitment to the SDGs  18
Social: The power of the people  19
Our commitment to advancing public health 20
Our commitment to our employees 28
Our commitment to strengthening our communities 41Environment: Conducting business sustainably  45
Minimising our environmental footprint 46
Engaging employees on sustainability 50
Governance: Committed to ethics and quality 51
Our commitment to strong corporate governance 52
Our commitment to acting ethically 55
Our commitment to quality 62
Data and reporting  64
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) Index 65 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial  
    Disclosures (TCFD) Index 67
Performance data 69
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index 71 
Cautionary statements 782021 ESG report
2Leadership message
Dear readers,
In 2021, a stronger ICON emerged. With the completion of the 
acquisition of PRA Health Sciences in July 2021, ICON is now  
the world’s leading clinical research organisation (CRO), powered 
by healthcare intelligence. By applying our experience, expertise  
and insights, alongside our industry-leading data and technology 
capabilities, we are helping our customers accelerate the 
development of drugs and medical devices that both improve 
quality of life and save lives.
Our leadership teams across our business have collaborated on  
a new company mission and vision, and a refreshed set of core 
values that articulate who we are as a company. 
We also continued to take important steps to embed our 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) priorities into the  
core of our business. By listening to the voices of our varied 
stakeholders, we identified seven priorities where we believe  
ICON can deliver significant positive impact. Six of those seven 
priorities were social in nature [the “S” in ESG] access to clinical 
trials, clinical trial ethics and conduct, advancing public health, 
improving the ICON employee experience, talent management  
and increasing diversity both internally and in clinical trials. The 
final significant priority identified was environmental climate 
change, greenhouse gas emissions and energy use. We are proud of the progress we are already making on these 
priorities. For example, one way to increase access to, and 
diversity in, clinical trials is through decentralised approaches.  
The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated our focus on decentralised 
study design. We supported the first fully decentralised trial to  
have positive published results, demonstrating that randomised, 
double-blind trials, conducted virtually, without in-person 
interactions between doctor and patient, can serve  
as a model for clinical research of the future. 
We also continued to navigate a lingering pandemic. As COVID-
related restrictions eased in many parts of the world, we ensured 
our employees could return safely to the office. ICON has remained 
committed to protecting our colleagues, through vaccinations, 
flexible accommodations, well-being resources and more. 
More recently, our thoughts have turned to our colleagues and  
all those affected by the situation in Ukraine. As events unfolded, 
ICON quickly took action to create an emergency fund and 
implement actions to protect our Ukrainian employees’ safety  
and welfare, including those who evacuated the country. We are 
especially proud of the many ICON employees worldwide who 
have given generously to help their colleagues in a time of need. 
This report focuses on what was achieved in 2021, but we are 
already looking ahead. Together, we will work to further collaborate across our teams, deliver as a strategic healthcare service provider 
and employer of choice and make significant progress on our newly 
solidified ESG commitments to deliver change and innovation to  
our stakeholders. We know that improving the lives of patients 
worldwide requires action beyond the status quo. We must guide 
our customers through the ever-evolving landscape of clinical  
drug development.
This is work that, at ICON, we are well-equipped to accomplish.  
I am proud of what we have achieved to date and excited for  
what more we can do.
Kind regards,
Steve Cutler 
Chief Executive Officer Leadership message • 2021 ESG report

3
About this report
ICON plc’s 2021 ESG report provides key information regarding  
our sustainability strategy and performance from 1 January 2021  
to 31 December 2021. This is our first consolidated report  
following the acquisition of PRA Health Sciences (PRA) in July 
2021. It highlights our sustainability focus areas identified through 
our first materiality assessment. 
Unless otherwise noted, this report encompasses ICON’s global 
operations and includes data from PRA’s global operations as of  
the acquisition on 1 July 2021. Legacy ICON and legacy PRA 
environmental data have been combined from 2018 to date in  
order to facilitate re-calculation of the 2018 baseline.
We are proud to incorporate new standards reporting this year.  
This report follows the 2021 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)  
standards and aligns with the Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The report also serves as our first 
communication on progress (COP) for the United Nations Global 
Compact (UNGC).
For additional technical details on reporting methods and 
standards, please see the data and reporting section. We welcome 
feedback, questions and suggestions about this report and our 
sustainability efforts. Please email us at sustainability@iconplc.com. About this report • 2021 ESG report
3
4
Who we are
4Inside this section:
The values that guide us
ICON: Powered by healthcare intelligence
Molecule to medicine
Awards and recognition
5The values that guide us
We believe that a company’s mission, vision and values serve as both an ethos to 
define its character and a compass to guide its decisions. 
This past year, we updated our mission, vision and values to reflect the organisation 
that ICON is now. In doing so, we examined our culture, strengths, history and goals 
to set our course for moving forward.
ICON utilised a collective approach to define our new mission and vision, incorporating 
the joint commitment the legacy PRA and ICON organisations bring to advancing 
clinical development services and solutions.
ICON will work to accomplish its mission through a renewed culture of ownership we 
call OwnIt@ICON. Four foundational values define this culture and guide our daily work 
and interactions: integrity, collaboration, agility and inclusion.
Our mission: Improve the lives of patients by accelerating the development  
of our customers’ drugs and devices through innovative solutions.
Our vision: Be the healthcare intelligence partner of choice by delivering 
industry-leading solutions and best-in-class performance in clinical development.
In practice, OwnIt@ICON means that we approach our customers’ challenges as our 
own and adopt solutions-oriented approaches to addressing them, regardless of any 
constraints or limitations. Our talented team members are encouraged to apply their 
individual and collective expertise to the fullest in every situation.Who we are • 2021 ESG report
A culture of ownership
@wnIt
6
Spotlight: OwnIt@ICON
ICON’s four values embody the OwnIt@ICON culture:
Integrity 
We do the right thing across all facets of our work. We have a strong moral code 
and hold each other accountable so we do right by customers, stakeholders, 
patients and partners.  
Collaboration 
We are one team. Collaboration is essential to better brainstorming and increased 
innovation - it is the foundation upon which successful teams are built. At the heart 
of collaboration is good communication. 
Agility 
We find a way to complete our mission, no matter how difficult it may be. Whatever 
changes or challenges come our way, we are willing and able to think creatively, 
pivot efficiently and adapt gracefully. 
Inclusion 
We foster a sense of belonging and create a working environment where everyone 
can thrive and feel comfortable sharing ideas. We understand the value of multiple 
perspectives and encourage input from individuals who think differently or come 
from different backgrounds.Who we are • 2021 ESG report
6
7ICON: Powered by 
healthcare intelligence
ICON sets the 
standard for advanced 
healthcare intelligence 
and clinical research
EMEA North America Latin America Asia PaciﬁcDublin | Ireland
ICON global headquarters
Founded in Dublin, Ireland, in 1990, ICON has 
grown to become a leading worldwide provider  
of consulting, clinical development and 
commercialisation services to pharmaceutical, 
biotechnology, medical device, government and 
public health organisations.
In 2021, ICON acquired PRA Health Sciences, 
forming the world’s largest and most comprehensive 
CRO, powered by healthcare intelligence. We now 
have more than 40,000 employees in more than  
100 locations across 50+ countries. ICON has 
harmonised our collective experience, expertise, 
data, insights and technology to proactively solve 
today’s challenges without losing sight of their  
impact on tomorrow.Who we are • 2021 ESG report
8Spotlight: ICON results from 2021
414  
clinical studies completed520,739  
patients servedBetter outcomes Our customers
Our services span the clinical development life 
cycle, with the flexibility to manage both local 
and global clinical trials. Our scale, data focus 
and capabilities empower our customers to 
accelerate the development of innovative 
medicines and advanced medical devices that 
save lives and improve quality of life.ICON’s customers include the world’s largest 
pharmaceutical and biotech companies. Collaborating 
with these customers, regulators and private and public 
sector healthcare experts, ICON maintains a patient-
first approach to accelerating and improving clinical 
development. 
We continue to expand our business through organic 
growth, the innovative development of our capabilities 
and targeted acquisitions that complement our ability  
to meet evolving customer needs. In 2021, we invested 
sizeable resources in our global Accellacare site network, 
which provides patient centric clinical research that 
supports enhanced patient recruitment and retention. 
Through in-home participation initiatives and expanded 
use of technologies such as wearable medical devices, 
we work with our customers to make clinical trials 
more accessible and increase patient diversity.
For more details, read ICON’s 2021 20-F SEC filing. 
Learn more about ICON. 
Who we are • 2021 ESG report
26  
drugsSupported the approval of
8
9Molecule to medicine
ICON applies innovation to drive 
emerging therapies forward and 
improve patients’ lives.Identifying promising 
new therapies
Running ef/f_icient 
clinical trials Recruiting diverse 
participants for clinical trialsConducting comprehensive 
preclinical research
Collaborating 
with regulators 
to secure approvalWho we are • 2021 ESG report
10
Awards and recognition
When dedicated people come together for a common mission, good things happen. 
At ICON, this means helping customers advance clinical research for therapies that 
improve and save lives. 
Our collective quest for excellence has garnered attention within and beyond  
our industry. In 2021, ICON was recognised for our leadership in contract research, 
patient recruitment and as an employer of choice. We received many of these awards 
in previous years, which we consider a testament to our consistency and 
commitment to continuous improvement. 
Selected awards received in 2021 include the following: 
Capabilities (Big Pharma)
Compatibility (Overall, Big Pharma)
Expertise (Big Pharma)
Reliability (Big Pharma)
Quality (Overall, Big Pharma)
Second consecutive year
See a full listing of 
ICON’s awards on 
our website
Who we are • 2021 ESG report
10
11
Any recognition for work done well is an honour - but it’s especially meaningful when 
it comes from peers. That was certainly true for ICON, which was named 2021 
Company of the Year at the Business & Finance Irish Business Awards. 
Independent judges, all industry professionals, selected honourees based on several 
factors, including market position, operational and financial achievement, company 
culture and ESG performance. 
Learn more about the Business & Finance 
Irish Business Awards here.Spotlight: Industry peers recognise ICON as Company of the Year Who we are • 2021 ESG report
12
ESG at ICON
12Inside this section:
Our commitment to ESG
ESG at ICON: Highlights from 2021
Our ESG priorities
Engaging our stakeholders
Our commitment to the SDGs 
13Our commitment to ESG
At ICON, we are deeply committed to addressing ESG 
issues. Our company mission and core values inform every 
aspect of our ESG strategy, from putting patients first to 
engaging stakeholders and choosing sustainable 
approaches to growth. 
Consistent with our values, we seek to not only operate in 
compliance with applicable laws but also to positively 
influence our global workforce, the communities that we 
operate in, the environment and society. Doing so makes 
us a stronger, more resilient organisation by every measure.
To align with industry best practices, ICON conducted  
our first formal ESG materiality assessment in 2022. The 
assessment allowed us to identify and prioritise areas 
where our stakeholders believe ICON can have the greatest 
impact. This exercise will inform how and where we allocate 
our resources, focus our efforts and create an ESG strategy 
that reflects key stakeholder perspectives.For maximum accountability, we have embedded 
ownership of our ESG strategies across the entire 
organisation, from our boardroom to the front lines of our 
clinical sites. Our dedicated leadership team remains 
highly engaged in providing oversight for ESG strategy 
and initiatives, while the ESG Program Office provides 
operational oversight for ESG activity across the company.
Read more about the results of 
ICON’s first materiality analysis.Read more about how  
we govern ESG at ICON.ESG at ICON • 2021 ESG report

14
ESG at ICON • 2021 ESG report
14ESG at ICON:  
Highlights from 2021
Driving patient centric innovation 
using technology and partnerships:
 – The first CRO to have supported  
a DCT that has had positive 
published results
 – Launched a technology 
partnership to help healthcare 
providers identify clinical research 
as care options for their patients
 
Powering the potential of together  
by focusing on our people:
 – 80% of the way to our goal of 
gender parity at the VP level and 
above by 2025
 – Filled 29% of open roles internally 
and welcomed back more than 
1,000 ICON alumni to new roles at 
the companySupporting the communities where  
we live and work
 – Participated in the UNICEF 
Corporate Vaccine Alliance, 
donating one COVID-19 
vaccination for each ICON 
employee, for a total of 38,000 
doses
 
Addressing our planet’s health in 
addition to our patients’:
 – 40% of the way to our goal to 
reduce electricity consumption by 
20% by 2030
 – 16.4% decrease in Scope 1 & 2 
emissions since 2018
 – Downsized or closed 37 locations 
to align with new working styles 
and business needs
15Our ESG priorities 
We seek to have a positive impact on our global 
workforce, in the communities where we operate,  
on the environment and across society. 
As a clinical research organisation (CRO), we understand our work affects many stakeholders in the healthcare 
industry. We prioritise innovation initiatives in those areas where we will have the greatest impact. The same is true 
for our ESG priorities. We are committed to focusing our efforts on the areas where we believe we can drive the 
greatest positive change on the issues that matter most to our stakeholders. To identify these issues, we undertook 
a materiality assessment for our 2021 report. We engaged a specialty consulting firm, FrameworkESG, to lead us 
through the process. The analysis was conducted in alignment with international reputable standards, such as 
GRI, and included input from other frameworks and standards such as TCFD and SASB.Identifying our ESG priorities
To determine ICON’s ESG priorities, during the first half of 2022, 
we undertook our first materiality assessment. This process  
began with identifying a customised list of 20 ESG topics that  
are important to ICON.
We then performed research, conducted surveys and carried out 
interviews with internal and external stakeholders, including 
ICON’s Board of Directors, investors, customers, employees and 
leadership, who ranked the identified topics by importance. Their 
responses resulted in a list of seven ESG priorities presented to 
ICON’s Board of Directors where stakeholders believe that ICON 
can deliver the greatest impact. While these seven priorities were 
highlighted in the assessment, each of the 20 ESG topics identified 
in the assessment is important to ICON and covered in this report.
ESG at ICON • 2021 ESG report
15
16ESG at ICON • 2021 ESG report
ESG priorities  
 – Access to clinical trials includes decentralised trials and remote patient monitoring to diversify participants 
and reach underserved and vulnerable populations. 
 – Diversity, inclusion and belonging includes pay equity, bias elimination training and increasing 
 diversity among our patients, workforce, leadership team and Board as well as in our supply chain. 
 – Advancing public health includes promoting robust healthcare systems and applying our research  
and expertise to global public health issues. 
 – Clinical trial ethics and conduct includes responsible advertising and participant recruitment,  
improved trial design and quality and enhanced investigator recruitment and engagement. 
 – Climate change, greenhouse gases (GHGs) and energy includes GHG commitments and disclosures,  
GHG emissions reduction efforts, specific climate change governance, risk assessment and strategy,  
overall energy use, sourcing and consumption and investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy. 
 – Talent management includes improving recruitment and retention through succession and progression 
planning, new professional development opportunities and continuous learning options and mentoring  
and leadership programs. 
 – Employee experience includes regularly engaging our colleagues to create a vibrant work environment  
and company culture and to offer best-in-class compensation, benefits and health/wellness programs. 
These material issues provide the basis for how we align with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) in this report  
and will inform our ESG strategy going forward. 
16ESG at ICON • 2021 ESG report
The use of the terms “materiality”, “material” and similar terms, as used in this report, and our ESG materiality assessment  
process are different than the definitions of those terms as used in the context of the securities laws or any other laws in  
the US or any other jurisdiction, or as these terms are used in the context of financial statements and financial reporting.
17ICON’s core stakeholders include organisations and individuals who:
 –Are involved in our work
 –Can be directly affected by our work
 –May directly affect our work with their actions 
Throughout the year, we engage with them in numerous ways on  
a variety of topics. Their input helps us to shape, advance and 
implement our ESG strategy.Engaging our stakeholders 
Stakeholders Engagement
EmployeesFormal global surveys
Targeted focus groups
Internal digital channels
Social media
CustomersPeriodic surveys 
Customer ESG surveys and enquiries 
Ongoing partnership and dialogue
PatientsPatient advocacy groups 
Group events
Focus groups 
Mobile health platform
Free testing 
Patient education/engagement tools developed with customers, partners and investigators 
Investigators/ 
physiciansOffice visits 
Educational materials on specific trials 
Referral guidance  
Education around issues of diversity and inclusion, including implicit bias and cultural competencies
Academic partnersEducation for clinical researchers
 Serving on boards of professional organisations (e.g. the Association of Clinical Research  
Organisations (ACRO))
Supporting the education of future clinical researchers
Communities and civil societyNeighbourhood events 
Partnerships with community, cultural, faith-based and advocacy organisations 
Social impact and community development initiatives
Stakeholders and investorsQuarterly earnings calls 
Investor presentations
Roadshow participation
Direct interaction
SEC and NASDAQ filingsESG at ICON • 2021 ESG report
18Our commitment to the SDGs
ICON’s mission is to improve and save lives through best-in-class services and innovative 
programs. We are committed to contributing to the 2030 United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) and are proud that our work helps to advance those goals. 
Our cutting-edge research, work with customers and patients and on-the-ground efforts to meet 
diverse needs across our employees and the communities we serve collectively touch many of 
the 17 SDGs. Our ESG program focuses on a subset of the SDGs where we believe ICON has 
the greatest opportunity to affect change, including the SDGs that touch the seven focus areas 
identified in the materiality analysis. As we move forward, we will continue to build on and 
communicate our progress against these goals. Goal & Targets Our objectives and progress 
Targets: 9.5, 9.bDrive industry adoption of digital and connected devices and remote patient monitoring to improve patient access to 
healthcare options, increase participation in clinical research, improve the quality of scientific research, accelerate 
time to market and streamline commercialisation of life-saving drugs and treatments. 
In 2021, we were the first CRO to have supported a DCT that has had positive published results – in Nature Medicine. 
This success will help drive greater use of DCTs in clinical trials. 
To learn more about our progress, see DCTs in Action.
Target: 10.2, 10.3Increase diversity and inclusion within our own operations while addressing opportunities to expand access  
to quality healthcare globally to people of all backgrounds. Goals include: 
–   In our own operations: 
 –Increase diverse representation in ICON’s senior leadership positions; 
 –Monitor and maintain pay equity for our employees worldwide;
 –Require all people leaders to participate in bias elimination training;
 – Increase the diversity of our talent base and pipeline, including by expanding partnerships with  
universities or other organisations to build a pipeline of diverse candidates.
To learn more about our progress, see Fostering diversity, inclusion and belonging. 
–    Within healthcare more broadly, collaborate with organisations from across sectors and improve customer 
awareness of equity in public health and well-being issues at the population level to accelerate access to quality 
healthcare. 
To learn more about our progress, see Our commitment to advancing public health and Why patient diversity 
matters. 
Targets: 12.2, 12.4,  
12.5, 12.6, 12.8Manage our operations sustainably, considering our use of resources and environmental impacts across the value 
chain. Goals include: 
 –Consider sustainably-sourced materials in our facilities and operations where possible. 
 –Reduce waste and increase recycling in our office facilities. 
 – Continue to expand the use of decentralised approaches to clinical trials to reduce patient travel and costs 
while improving both quality of care and sustainability. 
To learn more about our progress, see Minimising our environmental footprint and Driving patient centric innovation. 
Target: 13.1  Minimise the global environmental footprint of our offices and operations, including our carbon footprint. Goals 
include: 
 –100% renewable electricity by 2025 
 –20% reduction in electricity (kWh) use by 2030 
 –Net-zero carbon emissions on Scope 1 & 2 by 2030 
To learn more about our progress, see Minimising our environmental footprint.Goal & Targets Our objectives and progress 
Targets: 3.3,  
3.4, 3.b, 3.dUse our expertise and resources to promote health and advance healthcare, including expanding access to and 
diversity in clinical trials. Goals include:
 – Innovate and collaborate with customers and others to develop capabilities and solutions that support 
decentralised trials and ease patient burden in trial participation, with the broader objective of expanding 
access to high-quality healthcare and improving the effectiveness of treatments across demographic groups;
 – Expand our focus on diversity in clinical trials by including an active diversity/minority recruitment strategy 
and execution plan as a core development focus of clinical trial programs in customer proposals;
 – Participate in industry wide organisations and conferences to collaborate on the issue of underrepresentation 
in clinical trials.
To learn more about our progress, see Our commitment to advancing public health and Why patient diversity matters
Targets: 5.1, 5.5, 5.c Promote gender equality within our organisation and within healthcare more broadly. Goals include:
–    In our operations, foster diversity, inclusion and belonging within our organisation so that we may benefit from 
diverse and varied backgrounds and perspectives by: 
 –Monitoring and achieving pay equity for our employees worldwide; 
 – Increasing representation of employees across the gender spectrum in ICON’s senior leadership positions; 
NEW FOR 2021: We set a goal to have gender parity at the VP level and above by 2025.
To learn more about our progress, see Fostering diversity, inclusion and belonging. 
–    Within healthcare more broadly, collaborate with customers and other organisations to promote  
participant diversity in clinical trials. 
To learn more about our progress, see Why patient diversity matters. 
ESG at ICON • 2021 ESG report
19
Social: The  
power of people
19Inside this section:
Our commitment to advancing public health
Our commitment to our employees
Our commitment to strengthening our communities
20Our commitment to advancing public health
We recognise that access to adequate healthcare is a  
fundamental human right. 
Advancing public health through the development of 
medicines and devices is at the core of ICON’s mission.  
We have built enduring relationships with customers and 
engaged an ever-growing number of clinical trial investigators 
worldwide. Our collective work has made a measurable 
difference in the world – a difference that inspires ICON 
employees every day. 
We are also working to increase awareness and action within 
the healthcare and biopharma industries to address 
antimicrobial resistance, which the World Health Organization 
(WHO) has tagged as one of the top 10 public health threats.Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
 –Vaccines
 –Cell and gene therapies
 –Oncology
 – CNS (neurology, pain 
research, psychiatry, 
traumatic brain injury)
 – Vaccine development  
and testing
 –Cardiovascular
 – Endocrine and  
metabolic disorders –Gastrointestinal
 –NASH and hepatology
 –Ophthalmology
 – Rare and orphan 
diseases
 –Respiratory
 –Biosimilars
 –Autoimmune diseases
 –Women’s health
 –PaediatricsICON’s commitment to public health spans continents. We work 
with multinational public health organisations, including those in 
traditionally underserved regions, such as Sub-Saharan Africa, 
and offer service delivery in 27 countries throughout Africa and 
the Middle East. Our areas of therapeutic expertise include:The COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the 
importance of private and public sector 
collaboration to rapidly develop vaccines, 
treatments and preventative healthcare for 
infectious diseases. 
By reducing the time and cost of clinical 
development, ICON enables a world that can  
more efficiently prepare for, and respond to,  
global public health emergencies.
The pandemic also highlighted the importance 
of providing patients with more accessible in-
home clinical trial options. ICON’s Accellacare 
In-Home Services allowed our customers to 
reach a diverse array of patients – including 
those with mobility and disability issues – to 
benefit from clinical trials.
In our continuing efforts to make clinical trials 
more patient centric, decentralised and 
diverse, we launched several initiatives using 
electronic medical record (EMR) interrogation 
tools to access and recruit patients from 
diverse populations and bring clinical research 
into their communities.2021 by the numbers:
 – ICON supported more than 1,800 clinical studies 
involving over 520,000 patients
 – ICON completed over 400 clinical studies involving  
over 130,000 patients
 – ICON’s support led to 26 drug approvalsThe pandemic and 
patient centric care 
20
21Spotlight: Sharing key COVID-19 insights to increase patient options Spotlight: The Accellacare team contributes to novel COVID-19 vaccine 
Clinical research as a care option (CRAACO) has emerged as a promising method for 
increasing patient participation in clinical trials and accelerating the development of 
new treatments. 
In 2021, ICON extrapolated from its wealth of US medical and prescription claims 
data to share key COVID-19 generalised insights in areas such as demographics, 
care patterns, comorbidities, risk factors, hospitalisations and more. The goal: to 
expedite patient recruitment and help connect more patients to CRAACO.
ICON teams used this generalised data in conversations with customers to validate 
protocols against real-world care patterns, such as length of hospital stays, time to 
hospitalisation and risk factors in patients with differing outcomes. These insights 
helped identify qualifying physicians or sites as potential investigators. At the end of 2020, a large biotech company that had been conducting a Phase 2/3 
randomised, placebo-controlled COVID-19 vaccine study in the U.S. encountered 
several obstacles. Chief among them were labour and supply shortages and 
unprecedented safety challenges. 
The company contracted ICON’s Accellacare In-Home Services to help drive 
recruitment for the study, manage resources and mitigate risks. Throughout 2021, 
Accellacare recruited extra staff who worked at seven unique sites practically around 
the clock to ensure the trial ran smoothly. 
The team balanced safety concerns against the desire to treat as many patients as 
possible, quickly scaling up and adapting to meet rising case numbers. Over the 
course of the study, we significantly exceeded enrolment goals, with three Accellacare 
sites earning recognition as top enrolling sites. Most importantly, the overall study 
resulted in the vaccination of millions globally with a first-of-its-kind vaccine that was 
granted Emergency Use Authorisation (EUA) and eventually FDA approval. Learn more about how ICON shares  
insights to advance public health. 
Watch this video  
to learn more about 
ICON’s work on 
COVID-19 treatments.Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report

22As a leader in healthcare intelligence and 
clinical research, we are focused on using 
technology and partnerships to drive 
innovation and increase access to clinical 
trials, advancing the development of drugs 
and medical devices that both improve 
patients’ quality of life and save patient lives.Driving patient centric  
innovation
Key highlights from 2021:
 – We are the first clinical research organisation 
to have supported a DCT that has had  
positive published results.
 – Launched partnerships with key technology 
and analytics partners such as Veradigm, 
among others
SDGs supported
Patient focus 
Though the journey from molecule to medicine involves 
many stakeholders, our ability to innovate on drug 
development ultimately depends on patient participation.  
At ICON, everything we do revolves around the patient, how 
we can improve their experience and how we can enhance 
their lives. 
Innovating with decentralised clinical trials
We have long championed patient-focused decentralised 
clinical trials (DCTs). Using local healthcare providers,  
in-home services and digital health technologies instead  
of site visits, DCTs can: 
 –Increase patient recruitment and participation
 –Improve patient engagement during trial development
 –Provide more information directly to the patient
 – Use patient-reported outcomes as study endpoints to 
better inform care
In short, we believe DCTs are integral to the future of clinical 
research and development. ICON is one of the few companies 
in the industry that has all the necessary service components 
as well as clinical, scientific and regulatory operational 
expertise to successfully deliver integrated DCTs. Our launch of the ICON Digital Platform for capturing and 
curating clinical trial data, the FIRECREST portal for site  
and patient protocol training, and the Accellacare network  
for in-home services support our position as a leader in  
both both fully decentralised and hybrid clinical trials, which 
involve elements of site-based as well as in-home or remote 
patient monitoring.
We also understand that research occurs in a complex 
ecosystem – where one change impacts other stakeholders 
and any value created must be shared to realise its full 
potential. That is why ICON seeks partnerships with 
customers and other stakeholders who share our mission  
of improving patient experiences and outcomes. 
From patients to physicians to pharmaceutical leaders,  
we continue to take a thoughtful approach on how we  
work together to drive meaningful change and innovation 
that benefits the lives of patients around the world.Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
22
23Case Study: DCTs in action: Removing barriers through a patient centric study
The challenge:
Clinical trial costs for drug developers have risen considerably 
in recent years. Nearly half of these costs are linked to the 
burden of data collection when conducted in person at 
clinical research sites. Meanwhile, recruiting a diverse pool  
of patients has also become more challenging, particularly for 
traditionally underserved populations who cannot easily visit 
distant study sites and may lack computers with reliable 
internet access. 
In 2020, a pharmaceutical manufacturer researching a heart 
failure therapy engaged ICON to design a study capable of 
reducing costs while also increasing participation among 
diverse patient groups. The ability to run a traditional site-
based study was further complicated by the COVID-19 
pandemic, which led to a national shutdown in the US just 
two weeks after the study commenced. 
The solution:
ICON designed a completely decentralised, virtual study 
with no in-person visits. The study engaged patients directly 
through a study website, a mobile app for enrolment and 
data submission, electronic informed consent, direct home 
delivery of study medication and a wearable device to 
monitor activity and vitals.The results:
The study demonstrated that the study drug, Canagliflozin, 
rapidly improved the symptoms in patients with heart failure. 
Beyond the clinical results, the study demonstrated the 
value of and need for strategies such as DCTs when 
circumstances restrict in-person, site-based trial 
implementation. 
Significant learnings included: 
 – Using a smartphone app enabled ICON to recruit 
patients five times faster than the average enrolment 
rate in heart failure trials. 
 – Investigators reported greater generalisability through  
a higher number of women and minorities enrolled, 
enabled by using a mobile app rather than relying on 
participants having access to a computer with internet 
access at home.
 Lessons from the pandemic
The COVID-19 pandemic impacted every part of our 
organisation and taught us many invaluable lessons. 
We discovered that we can do things differently.  
For example, COVID-19 changed how we work with 
children. We conducted more juvenile clinical trials by 
using our proprietary home health model and through 
smartphones, capitalising on their technological 
acumen.
The DCT elements that ICON has prioritised for years 
have gained widespread attention within and beyond 
our industry. Home health, remote monitoring and 
similar transformative approaches are the new way 
forward. They bring clinical research to patients  
of all races, ethnicities, genders and socioeconomic 
statuses, an imperative for improving health outcomes 
for all patients around the world.
Read more about the  
study in Nature Medicine.Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report

24Spotlight: Driving progress 
from prevention to treatmentSpotlight: Partners improve the  
paediatric clinical trial experience 
ICON played a pivotal role in the development of  
the first COVID-19 vaccine. In 2021, we expanded 
our work to focus on treatments. 
Specifically, our Accellecare In-Home Services 
team supported more than 200 nurses in two 
home-based treatment studies for a major 
pharmaceutical manufacturer. They faced several 
distinct challenges, including: 
 –Risk of virus exposure 
 – Patient volume increases due to spread/ 
site exposure concerns 
 – Home visits required within 48 hours of 
randomisation (versus the typical 5–7 days) 
 –Study supply shortages
 
Our team doubled the customer’s enrolment goal  
and completed 9,800 home visits. To ensure our 
team’s safety, ICON provided head-to-toe personal 
protective equipment, dedicated nursing staff to  
meet volume and timing demands, and adopted a 
coordinated approach to supply provisioning.Clinical trials can be intimidating for children. Hospital 
wards can seem sterile and unfriendly, not to mention the 
pain and discomfort experienced due to their underlying 
conditions and illnesses. To help children feel more 
comfortable and educate them on their illness, ICON  
teams with partners such as Jumo Health and Sproutel to 
develop engaging books, toys and comfort animals tailored 
to different age ranges. These educational and soothing 
items allow children to better understand what’s happening 
to them, engage more fully in the clinical trial process and 
express their feelings and needs in healthy ways.
Purrble is a comfort toy developed by Sproutel that helps kids 
find calm and self-sooth in moments of overwhelm and fear.Special care for our youngest patients 
Paediatric clinical trials come with special 
challenges and concerns; our unique approach to 
these trials exemplifies our patient centric focus. Our 
work as a CRO across multiple customers and using 
multiple academic partners enables us to address a 
wide range of clinical issues and indicators unique 
to paediatric patients.
We recognise the burden that participating in a 
paediatric trial places on the entire family. Parents or 
legal guardians of children participating in clinical 
trials are often involved in caring for other children or 
family members and working at full-time jobs. ICON 
works with families to minimise barriers by utilising 
home care options and streamlining appointments 
to fit their schedules and other commitments.
Just as important, we excel at engaging children 
and families and helping them feel as comfortable 
as possible with the entire trial process. We work 
with a company that uses Marvel Comics illustrators 
to develop age-appropriate content regarding their 
care in up to 80 languages. These materials help 
patients and their families understand what trials 
involve so they can be prepared for what will happen 
during the trial.Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
24
25Why patient diversity matters
Developing drugs with maximum effectiveness for the 
broadest group of people requires comprehensive patient 
representation in clinical trials. Without data across the 
spectrum of race, ethnicity, sex, gender, age and genetics,  
to name just a few traits, it is impossible to fully understand 
how novel therapies will affect specific populations, or if any 
demographic may incur additional risks.
However, underrepresentation still persists, particularly 
among Black, Latinx, Asian, Native American and other 
underserved populations. To address this, ICON’s patient 
centric philosophy includes a multipronged approach  
designed to increase diversity among participants and 
everyone involved with our clinical trials: 
Building trust
 – Diversifying our own clinical site staff to enhance 
communication and build trust with diverse patient 
groups
 – Working with investigators in diverse communities and 
with medical organisations committed to investigator 
diversity
 – Partnering with charities, community centres, houses of 
worship and other community-based institutions to 
increase credibility and visibility
 – Hosting virtual and in-person events at/near our sites 
with free health services and information  – Providing training on implicit bias and other cultural 
competencies that may affect relationships among 
stakeholders
 – Engaging healthcare providers, formal and lay social 
workers and other key influencers in specific 
communities as important research partners
Simplifying participation
 – Using mobile health technology, DCTs and in-home care 
to remove trial access barriers 
 – Reducing the logistical and financial burdens of 
transportation when site visits are needed, including 
helping parents or guardians get compensated for 
earnings lost from caring for a child participating in a 
clinical trial
Spreading the word 
 – Building trial awareness via focused advertising platforms
 – Incorporating patient feedback into patient-facing 
materials
 – Evaluating the needs of diverse community groups 
through our Stronger Together social media series  
and podcasts
 – Creating recruitment materials that include images and 
messaging reflective of underrepresented populations
 – Keeping patients informed about clinical research and 
progress in lay languageRefining our approach 
 – Leveraging real-world data to evaluate diverse patient 
population samples at or near sites
 – Employing medical informatics data to support targeted 
sites and investigator and patient recruitment
 – Facilitating paid focus groups, led by diverse persons, to 
enhance our understanding of barriers to clinical trial 
participation
 – Establishing patient advisory committees focused on 
engaging underrepresented populations/health disparities 
advocates
 – Gathering patient feedback on any procedures and 
criteria that may hinder enrolment for any given subgroup
 
Our goal is to maximise the impact of our efforts through 
collaboration with our customers and doctors. ICON works 
with physicians, patient organisations and academic medical 
centres to improve patients’ initial exposure to clinical 
research through apprenticeships, mentorships and 
invitations to participate. We also partner to support the 
advancement of health and wellbeing in the communities  
we serve. 
Read more on why diversity matters  
in clinical trials in our white paper .Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
26Spotlight: Accellacare brings more convenience and more patients
ICON’s global clinical research network, Accellacare, offers a faster and more flexible path 
for drug developers to reach a wider pool of candidates. 
ICON launched Accellacare in 2020 to help customers expand their access to patients. 
Specialising in patient recruitment and retention, Accellacare sites deliver significantly 
more patients than non-Accellacare sites.
Customers gain unique value from Accellacare’s in-home services for clinical trials, which 
is ideally suited for patients with rare diseases and those who face barriers in getting to 
research sites. Since its inception, Accellacare has brought over 400 clinical trials to 
patients’ homes, with nearly 1,000 home visits per month. This approach significantly 
enhances the patient’s trial experience by engaging them when and where it is most 
convenient.Using in-home services, technology and partnerships to reach more patients
Increasing access to clinical trials is one of our key ESG focus areas and core to our 
mission as a company. Our goal is to maximise the impact of our efforts through 
partnerships and the use of innovative technology and services. By partnering with 
physicians, patient organisations and academic medical centres, we improve the patient 
experience with clinical research and engage a wider base of patients to drive better 
outcomes from clinical research. Digitisation: mobile health technologies
Effective monitoring of clinical trial participants is critical for patient protection and 
study integrity. The use of wearable medical devices to capture and transmit patient 
data remotely can increase clinical trial efficiency and patient engagement. In 
addition to real-time monitoring, these practices add flexibility to adaptive trials and 
improve data quality. Most importantly, mobile health technologies are an integral 
component of remote patient monitoring and DCTs. The proper use of medical 
wearables and other mobile health technologies can expand patient access to clinical 
trials and increase trial diversity.
Collaborating: partnering across the healthcare ecosystem
Accessing the right patient populations is critical to developing effective drugs and 
treatments. As ICON continues to work with customers to develop medicines for 
underserved and rare disease populations, partnerships are an important tool for 
engaging potential clinical trial participants. ICON remains committed to collaborating 
with stakeholders across the healthcare ecosystem to educate and engage patients 
in the process of clinical research and development. Through partnerships with those 
who share our values and goals, ICON is able to drive more efficient and innovative 
solutions that improve patient lives. Read more about how wearables are simplifying 
and powering information and data collection in 
clinical trials in our white paper .Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
27Spotlight: Facilitating access to clinical trials Spotlight: Enabling effective care options 
ICON has partnered with retail pharmacies who are entering the clinical trial space. 
Through these partnerships, we are able to apply sophisticated algorithms, artificial 
intelligence and machine learning to retail pharmacy and insurance claim data to 
identify individuals with diseases where treatments are currently in research and 
development.
Using this insight, ICON and retail partners can make information available to patients 
who may benefit from clinical research opportunities, thereby removing the burden for 
patients and their physicians to find and identify potential treatments through clinical 
trials. By proactively engaging with patients on potential opportunities, we expand 
access to clinical trials, promote participant diversity and strengthen the quality and 
rigour of the treatments produced from our clinical research.ICON has partnered with Veradigm, a health information technology, analytics and 
intervention solutions company, to create the industry’s leading electronic health 
record (EHR)-based clinical research network. The partnership will allow more and 
more diverse patients to participate in the clinical research process. 
Our partnership with Veradigm promotes clinical research as a care option (CRAACO) 
- an approach to clinical research that routinely evaluates trials as a potential care 
option for a patient’s disease. This model can reach more diverse populations, boost 
recruitment rates and minimise the time needed to bring new therapies to market.
Our Veradigm partnership enables CRAACO by focusing on four key components 
that reduce a provider’s burdens in identifying potential clinical research options:
1.  Technology integration connects robust EHR platforms to save time and reduce 
errors in trial data collection and sharing.
2.  Data and analytics determine which sites across the entire network have 
potentially eligible patients based on study criteria.
3.  Contract and process standardisation expedite site activation and enable a 
just-in-time model that brings studies to eligible patients.
4.  Site training and support reduce the burden of participation and support 
regulatory compliance.Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
27
28Our commitment to our employees
Our people are core to our ability to deliver our services and drive better patient 
outcomes. Through diversity, inclusion and belonging, industry-leading talent 
management practices, a sincere attention to our employees’ needs, well-being and 
health and safety, we continue to power the potential of together. Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
Key highlights from 2021:
 – 80% of the way to our goal of gender parity at the VP level 
and above by 2025
 – Named one of Forbes 2021 Best Employers for Diversity 
for the 2nd year in a row
 – Filled 29% of open roles internally and welcomed back 
more than 1,000 ICON alumni to new roles at the company
SDGs supported
Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
28
29We believe in a workplace culture that embraces diverse perspectives  
and empowers our team members to grow, whether at work, at home or 
in their communities. The diversity of our teams is critical to our success. 
As a global operation, we deliberately structure teams to be diverse to support  
the delivery of our customers’ clinical development programs across multiple 
geographies and communities.
We acknowledge and celebrate our differences in gender, ethnicity, culture  
and abilities. As a values-driven organisation, respect for diverse points of view  
is foundational to how we interact with each other as well as with customers,  
patients and suppliers.Fostering diversity, inclusion and belonging
29Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report

3030A culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging (DIB)
ICON’s DIB practices and programs are viewed through the lens of our four DIB 
ambitions. For example, increasing representation in clinical trials to reflect the 
demographics of patients with certain disorders is one way that ICON approaches 
diversity in patients. ICON’s Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Steering Committee 
brings together individuals from across ICON to develop and execute work streams 
under each of the four ambitions, with a central team overseeing the overarching 
efforts. Each ambition has sponsors from our executive leadership team to support 
and drive the agenda and provide leadership.
To support the leadership provided by the Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Steering 
Committee, ICON recruited over 40 DIB advocates from across our global business to 
better understand local needs, build local presence and awareness and to give a voice to 
every corner of the company across the globe. These individuals play a key role in 
supporting the Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Steering Committee and in aligning 
activities across the organisation. 
In 2021, we focused on setting targets and goals related to diversity. While our workforce 
is nearly 70% female, gender representation decreases at the higher levels of leadership. 
We are aiming for gender parity at senior leadership levels by 2025. As at 31 December 
2021, women represent 40% of the positions at the VP level and above. We are also 
focusing our efforts across departments to ensure gender representation exists across  
all key business functions and is not concentrated in a small set of geographies or 
supporting departments.
Our ambitions do not end here. We realise that our workforce must reflect and represent 
the diversity of the patients we serve. To achieve this, we are focusing on ensuring 
equitable representation on dimensions of diversity beyond gender. To aid these efforts, 
we will be asking employees to voluntarily provide diversity-related data along a number 
of dimensions of diversity, such as race, ethnicity, disability and veteran status to assist 
us in identifying areas of opportunity.Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
ICON’s approach to diversity, inclusion and belonging (DIB) was a key focus area in 2021. 
As part of this work, we have embedded inclusion as one of our core values and our DIB 
strategy is now organised into four key ambitions:Our ambitions
Our patients:  
To make it easier for 
our patients to engage 
in clinical research
Our customers:  
To maximise the 
impact of our efforts 
through collaboration 
with our customersOur community:  
To support the 
advancement of 
health and wellbeing 
in all our communitiesOur people:  
To foster a culture that is 
inclusive, collaborative and 
accountable where people 
from all backgrounds bring 
their best selves to work
We are aiming for gender parity at the 
VP level and above globally by 2025.
31We are also providing DIB training to people leaders. At ICON, we understand 
that people leaders play a huge role in fostering a sense of connection and 
belonging. They are the gatekeepers of our culture of inclusion and belonging, 
and they touch every element of the employee experience from recruiting to 
engagement, performance management, development and promotion. 
Through this training, we are empowering our people leaders to understand 
topics such as unconscious bias, micro-aggressions and the difference 
between equity and equality.ICON’s community groups are another way in which ICON promotes diversity, inclusion and belonging by  
bringing together employees with common identities and related interests.
NOW@ICON:  
The Networking Organisation for Women  
at ICON is committed to inspiring and 
connecting current and potential leaders 
through an inclusive environment with 
targeted initiatives and supportive 
mentorship.
SPACE:  
Supporting Parents and Carers Everywhere 
promotes a workplace where people 
stepping out of careers due to personal 
commitments for a period is wholly 
accepted and not career-limiting, and 
where stepping back into their career  
is an organic and positive process.PRIDE:  
Supporting LGBTQ+ colleagues and 
allies, ensuring that no matter where  
our employees are in the world, our  
offices are a safe space where they  
are welcomed, respected, and valued.
DAWN: 
The Disability Awareness Network is a 
community group focused on developing 
and fostering a mind-set towards creating 
an inclusive workplace and working 
environment where everyone is treated 
equally with respect and dignity, irrespective 
of any visible or hidden disabilities.
EmbRACE:  
Supporting all race and ethnic 
backgrounds in creating  
an inclusive workplace culture. 
Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
31We will continue to build our community groups with the support of our Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging advocates and 
allies to these communitiesSpotlight: Empowering employees to learn about DIB 
At ICON, we understand that the work of educating ourselves 
about DIB is never complete, and we encourage our employees 
to take ownership of their learning journeys. We created a DIB 
section on our online Career Hub to allow community groups to 
create learning journeys for their peers to educate themselves on 
topics pertinent to specific communities. The platform provides 
podcasts, articles and other resources for employees to self-
educate. The goal is to help employees learn and grow while 
removing the burden of teaching from underrepresented groups. 
DIB education is an ongoing journey that ICON is excited to 
continue with our employees. 
32
Spotlight: Celebrating Pride Month
As a global organisation, ICON is excited to support and honour heritage months for 
different demographic groups. In 2021 ICON launched its first Pride Month 
celebration, thanks to the efforts of one inspirational team that sponsored and 
planned the celebration. Members of PRIDE, our LGBTQ+ community group, 
sponsored a panel discussion on challenges faced by the LGBTQ+ community, a 
short podcast on how ICON’s work on clinical trials has improved LGBTQ+ lives and 
an allyship learning journey to empower LGBTQ+ allies to support the community.Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
To hear from our  
PRIDE members,  
watch the video here.
33
Competitive and fair pay
Our commitment to achieving and maintaining fair pay is 
central to making ICON a truly inclusive workplace, which  
is a key factor in employee performance, retention and 
engagement. At ICON, we use best-in-class methodology  
to regularly review salary ranges to establish fair pay 
between employees irrespective of gender, race or ethnicity 
whilst considering legitimate business factors that explain 
differences such as performance, tenure and experience.
We remain committed to our pay-for-performance 
philosophy, underpinned by a robust framework enabling 
continuous monitoring of fair pay practices. We 
continuously monitor and seek to maintain pay equity for 
our employees. We have structured our pay principles so 
that individual differences not related to tenure, experience 
or performance criteria are not a factor in how we deliver 
rewards. ICON has made significant investments in 
organisational design structures, tools and education that 
uphold and support our pay principles. 
Looking ahead, we are committed to expanding our 
framework, information and education to continue to deliver 
consistent advice and guidance for our people leaders, and 
outcomes for employees. 
33Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
Fair treatment 
We believe in fair and equal treatment of all our people, 
without regard to gender, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, 
marital status, physical or mental disability, age, pregnancy, 
veteran status, nationality, religion or any other legally 
protected status. 
Our policies regarding fair and equal treatment and non-
discrimination are established in our Global Code of Ethical 
Conduct, Global Dignity and Respect at Work Policy and 
our Global Transgender Employment Policy. We also make 
our expectations of our suppliers on matters of fair 
treatment clear through our Global Supplier Code of 
Conduct. 
We do not tolerate physical, sexual, racial, psychological, 
verbal or any other form of harassment. We encourage 
employees to report any issues of harassment or discrimination. 
We prohibit retaliation against any employee who rejects, 
protests or complains about unlawful discrimination or 
harassment.
As we continue to build our workforce, DIB principles and 
fair treatment are not just nice-to-haves: they are must-
haves. Just as we recognise the critical importance of 
diversity in clinical trials, we affirm that diversity of thought 
 in an inclusive workplace is vital to innovative ideas, spurs 
more fruitful collaboration and nurtures a vibrant culture. 
34Part of being an industry leader is creating a 
company where talented people come to do 
meaningful work and where they know they 
can shape the future of healthcare, grow their 
careers and fulfil their potential.
We have a strong record of cultivating robust 
people practices, including competitive total 
rewards packages and a focus on continuous 
learning. We nurture a culture of development 
and support our employees’ growth, both 
personally and professionally. Consequently, 
nearly 29% of open roles were filled internally  
in 2021 across ICON.
As we expand, we continue to offer our 
employees exciting roles and significant career 
opportunities within and across our key service 
areas and geographies.
Recruiting
ICON’s Talent Acquisition team excels at 
attracting the industry’s premier candidates 
around the world. These HR specialists find 
individuals who are eager to join a  
company that:  – Encourages people to bring  
flexibility, innovation and determination  
to every situation 
 – Provides rewards focused on their health, 
wellbeing and work-life balance 
 – Offers opportunities to continually learn  
new skills
 – Features boundless mobility within and 
across departments 
 – Fosters an environment of diversity,  
inclusion and belonging where everyone  
is valued 
 – Focuses on an enjoyable workplace 
atmosphere and building long-lasting bonds 
 – Gives back to local and global communities 
 – Makes a difference in the lives of  
patients worldwide
One statistic stands out as perhaps the greatest 
testament to ICON’s attractive culture: nearly 9% 
of our new roles are filled by former employees 
returning to the company. In 2021 alone, more 
than 1,000 former employees came back to ICON.Managing talentSpotlight: Cultivating the team of tomorrow 
ICON’s development strategy 
includes forming strong relationships 
with global universities to create a 
talent pipeline.
UCD Smurfit School of Business
In 2021, ICON’s IT Innovation and 
Informatics team provided mentoring 
and technical direction for a student 
capstone project at the UCD Smurfit 
School of Business MSc Business 
Analytics program. In their 
independent research project, two 
students examined the universe of 
clinical trials using graph data 
science methods and data from 
ClinicalTrials.gov. For the coming 
academic year, ICON will sponsor a 
capstone project for several students.
University of Paris
Several ICON employees teach 
clinical research methods at the 
University of Paris in France. They 
have helped create two degree programs - one for CRAs and  
one for Medical Science Liaisons.  
In 2022, they started a master’s 
degree program for an apprenticeship 
in clinical research with 13 students.  
In 2023, they will launch another 
master’s program in the field of 
medical affairs.
Other initiatives to strengthen  
the talent pipeline
ICON University introduced a new 
Early Career Development program  
in 2021 that upskills promising 
candidates so they can take on CRA 
roles. 645 candidates participated in 
the inaugural program, with 100% 
completing the program successfully. 
ICON also sponsors a Biometrics 
Academy to prepare workers for roles 
in that speciality area. In 2021, ICON 
graduated 39 participants from our 
Biometrics Academy.
34Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG reportSocial: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
35Training and development 
Our success depends on how well we develop  
the knowledge and capabilities of our people.  
To this end, we are committed to providing 
continuous learning. This commitment is 
underpinned by clearly defined competencies, 
which offer employees a path along which to 
develop skills and advance their careers. 
Our training and development programs support 
employees at every stage of their career journeys 
by helping them advance their scientific, technical, 
and business knowledge. These programs include 
tailored CRA academies, biometric academies  
and a range of project management curricula, 
therapeutic-focused programs, and people leader 
development programs. 
By focusing on continuous learning and development, 
we support employees’ career advancement through 
merit-based promotion. With energy, drive and 
imagination, there’s no limit to where employees 
can take their ICON careers. 
Pivoting for the pandemic 
Pandemic-related shutdowns placed new 
demands on ICON’s training programs. To better 
serve remote employees, ICON accelerated 
efforts to deliver training virtually. We also shifted leadership training approaches to address the  
fact that many home-based employees faced 
increased challenges in balancing their 
professional and personal responsibilities. 
Even as pandemic restrictions ease, we continue 
to add new virtual modules under the motto “just 
enough, just in time, just for me.” Bite-sized 
learning forms, such as podcasts, offer flexibility 
and accessibility to all employees, particularly to 
those working virtually.
Prioritising people development 
We complement our continuous learning  
and professional development program with 
advanced people development practices.  
These include:
 – Rigorous skills assessments and screenings 
during hiring
 – Resources available from our global career 
framework
 –A commitment to pay-for-performance
 – Proactive talent reviews and succession 
planning
For more details on our talent management 
activities, including training metrics, see the  
Data and Reporting section.Spotlight: A place for everyone to learn:  
ICON University & Career Hub 
ICON’s success depends on the knowledge and capabilities of our people. We 
are committed to a culture of continuous learning as the foundation for creating 
and growing successful careers. Throughout their time with ICON, employees 
have a clear roadmap to success that outlines the skills and competencies 
needed to progress in their career paths. Bolstered by our industry-leading 
Career Hub portal and extensive ICON University curriculum, our award-winning 
Learning and Development team has created customised technology-driven 
and instructor-led trainings that empower employees to develop expertise in 
these skills and competencies.
Through ICON University, we deliver innovative learning experiences in the form 
of career academies including model learning pathways for:
 –Biometrics and Data Management
 –Clinical Operations
 –Project Management
Our Clinical Operations pathway, which trains CRAs, offers learning programs 
tailored to specific audiences, including recent university graduates, clinical trial 
assistants and existing clinical research professionals. We aim to meet our 
employees where they are on their learning journey and develop their 
professional skills and passion at each stage of their career, empowering them 
to own their development and progression.
35Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
36ICON’s commitment to improving health and enriching 
lives extends beyond the work we do with our customers. 
Employees across the globe have direct access to locally 
relevant information and resources to support every facet 
of their well-being, including physical, social, 
psychological and environmental. 
Enhancing employee wellbeing
Although specific benefits vary by region, ICON supports 
the well-being of full-time employees with benefits that 
include:  
 – Competitive employer-funded retirement savings 
plans and insurance benefits that offer peace of mind 
and help employees plan for their future with 
confidence 
 – Best-in-class medical, health and wellness initiatives, 
including onsite fitness facilities in our larger locations
 – Vacation, flexible working and family and parenting 
benefits to fit employees’ schedules and improve 
their quality of lifeSpotlight: A place to grow leaders:  
The LEAD Program 
ICON has built a new competency framework that clearly 
defines the skills, knowledge and behaviours necessary  
to succeed and grow in specific careers in departments 
across the company. With this new framework, we aim to 
empower employees to grow through every level of their 
career from entry level to senior leadership. In support of the 
new framework, ICON has launched a new development 
program for people leader positions, called Leading with 
Excellence and Practice (LEAD).A culture of moving up 
At ICON, we offer advancement programs tailored to employees 
who express interest in and aptitude for moving up to higher levels. 
Nearly all our employees (97%) receive regular performance 
reviews. In 2021, we filled approximately 29% of our open 
positions via internal promotions. 
To facilitate succession planning, we have formalised two pathways 
for leadership development: senior director to vice president and vice 
president to executive leadership team. In addition, we have developed 
a talent snapshot to identify potential candidates for positions of senior 
director and above.Caring for our employeesSocial: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
ICON employees and their household family members  
have access to our global Employee Assistance Programme 
(EAP). From one phone number, employees and their families 
can access confidential and independent counselling services 
in areas ranging from mental health to finances to major life 
changes. The EAP also delivers a web-based and mobile  
app platform with access to toolkits providing advice and 
resources in local languages.
37
During 2021, ICON introduced a new flexible working policy to help office-based 
employees achieve a better work–life balance. Per the policy, eligible employees  
may now work 60% of their week from the office and 40% from home.
As employees transitioned back to in-person work, we developed a comprehensive 
training program that explained the measures in place to protect their health and 
safety. We also hosted office events, such as barbecues and coffee hours, where 
cross-functional teams could reconnect after much time away from the office.
These efforts pay dividends. Bringing people together creates more opportunities for 
collaboration, which is core to our culture and values. Collaboration enables employees 
to contribute equally, to pursue innovative solutions for our customers and to learn 
from their peers.Spotlight: Flexibility for a post-pandemic world Spotlight: Engaging employees from day one
ICON starts our employee engagement at onboarding. We survey new hires one 
month after they join ICON for feedback on the recruiting and onboarding process to 
gauge whether we are living up to our promises and providing the support needed. 
We have continuously scored higher than the global benchmark across all measures 
in these surveys, in areas that include delivering on the promised day-to-day 
experience of the job and having access to career and development opportunities.Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
37
38Spotlight: Supporting our 
Ukrainian colleagues 
In response to the conflict in Ukraine, ICON acted 
immediately to support the safety and wellbeing of 
our Ukrainian colleagues facing extremely difficult 
circumstances. Our support included:
 –Advance salary payments
 – Emergency financial aid for workers in  
need of supplies and accommodation
 –  Arranging transport and temporary 
accommodations for colleagues who wished  
to evacuate or relocate
 –  Ongoing monitoring of colleague safety and 
locations through our Everbridge emergency 
contact system
 – Lists of key ICON contacts in neighbouring 
countries who would be able to help evacuated 
employees
 – A people leader support group for leaders of 
Ukrainian employees
 – Extensive on-the-ground support from teams 
in neighbouring countriesGiving employees a voice 
To attract and retain the best talent, we must listen and respond to employees’ needs. This begins with a focus on diversity, 
inclusion and belonging and extends to every aspect of our work, from recruitment and on-boarding to training, engagement, 
enablement and rewards. 
With both the ongoing pandemic and the integration of PRA into ICON, we realised a need to enhance visibility and gain 
further trust among our teams. We established new channels internally, including regular town halls, and expanded our 
employee online portal to promote the sharing of ideas and to get to know our colleagues better.
Throughout the integration with PRA, we sought employee input and feedback through interviews, focus groups and 
surveys. Our most recent employee outreach included interviews and surveys to which more than 800 leaders and over 
7,000 employees responded. The outreach assessed organisational alignment, cultural priorities and key behaviours 
necessary for a successful integration. The survey identified opportunities to lean into shared traits around mission, 
collaboration, and a ‘get it done’ attitude whilst also recognising the need for articulating a promising future and career 
path for all ICON employees, regardless of their legacy organisational affiliation. As a result of this survey, we began the 
process of developing and sharing clear roadmaps for career growth, including the competencies and skills needed to 
progress and model learning pathways to guide career progression.
As we complete the integration, we will work with a third-party provider to conduct a post-integration engagement survey 
to gauge employees’ thoughts and feelings and assess what ICON should focus on in 2023. 
Other approaches to enhancing employee engagement include: 
 – Stay interviews, which help managers understand why staff stay and uncover what might put them at risk of departing
 –Skip-level meetings to develop trust and rapport between senior leaders and employees
 
Our listening strategy supports our efforts to reduce employee turnover, which we monitor closely through analytics.  
We collect qualitative information through formal exit interviews and, where we believe they will make an impact,  
we intervene using retention plans and related efforts.Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
39At ICON, the health and safety of our employees, customers and 
clinical trial patients are our most important priorities. We maintain 
an ongoing commitment to identifying, mitigating and monitoring 
existing and emerging health and environmental risks associated 
with our business activities. We encourage input and communication 
about our efforts from employees.
ICON’s Global Code of Ethical Conduct establishes the principles 
that underlie ICON’s workplace health and safety program. It outlines 
the policies, procedures, programs and activities we use to 
implement those principles.
Our safety management policies and procedures spell out best 
practices for assessing, preventing, responding to and  reporting 
workplace incidents. These may include regular on-site risk 
assessments and workplace inspections as well as fire evacuation 
practices and similar drills. Our global health and safety policies 
apply to all ICON employees; however, our management systems 
vary from country to country based on applicable local regulations 
and guidelines.
ICON is currently working with stakeholders from across the 
company to standardise ICON’s approach to health and safety 
policies and processes. Our work on this front is aligned with  
global and regional health authorities’ guidance and complies  
with applicable laws and regulations.Ensuring employee health and safety 
Resilience 
ICON’s Crisis Management Framework and Global Business 
Continuity Policy establish how we mobilise a crisis management 
team to address priority objectives in the event of an emergency. 
These priorities include: 
 – Ensuring the safety of our people and clinical 
trial patients
 –Securing our facilities 
 –Maintaining business continuity
 –Protecting our data and assets
Employee training 
All employees receive health and safety training as part of the 
onboarding process. ICON also provides all employees with the 
relevant information, supervision and equipment required to work 
safely and to reduce the risk of harm to themselves and others. 
Examples of training employees at ICON may receive include: 
 –Safety awareness/refresher training for facilities teams 
 –Healthy working (ergonomics)
 –Reviews of safety rules and proceduresSocial: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
39Spotlight: Global focus, local relevance 
ICON sites and managers adapt global health and 
safety systems to fit their local needs and implement 
these systems according to individual country 
requirements. 
For example, in the Netherlands, in accordance 
with Dutch requirements, a professional health and 
safety specialist performs regular inspections, risk 
assessments and audits at every site. The specialists 
report results to local management for follow-up. 
Management teams evaluate the risks identified in 
reports – including internal, legal, customer and 
labour – to continuously improve site health and 
safety.
40Spotlight: COVID-19 support: Using  
in-house assets to assist employees  
Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, ICON expanded 
the use of healthcare data and intelligence tools to 
help monitor, support, guide and inform employees 
who opted into a program managed by our Care 
Innovations Team. We encouraged employees to use 
our COVID Access to Care Support Line of nurses for 
symptom management, access to testing and advice. 
Similarly, prior to the acquisition, the PRA Health 
Harmony COVID-19 program enabled employees who 
wished to use the program to contact a nurse to 
answer questions and learn about symptoms, 
prevention techniques, stress and anxiety reduction 
techniques and ways to address fear and isolation. 
40
Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
Our response to the pandemic
As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, ICON remains 
committed to deploying measures to protect employee 
safety, maintain the continuity of customers’ research 
programs and safeguard patient welfare. The protocols 
include: 
 – Ongoing updates, support and information from 
leadership as conditions evolve
 – Remote work options with home office support for 
employees, including computers, monitors and other 
equipment, as well as virtual team-building activities 
to keep relationships strong 
Our approach to safety will evolve along with the pandemic.
We will continue to monitor developments and 
recommendations from the Centre for Disease  
Control, World Health Organization and local 
governments.
41Our commitment to strengthening 
our communities
Our passion for helping others extends beyond our everyday 
mission of supporting the development of drugs that save and 
improve lives. We are committed to making a positive impact on 
the communities in which we work and live. 
For ICON, these communities include cities and towns around the 
world that are home to our employees and their families, our 
customers and patients. In 2021, through our integration with PRA, 
we brought the best of the two legacy programs together to 
expand our efforts to give back.
Through corporate giving programs, employee volunteering 
opportunities and industry–academia partnerships, ICON has 
established a long track record of supporting our communities. We 
have focused our efforts on a broad vision for social impact, one 
that includes aligning priorities to the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) and the organisational goals of diversity, 
inclusion and belonging. How we make a differenceIn 2021, ICON became a lead member of  
the UNICEF Corporate Vaccine Alliance to  
help ensure that people in 92 lower-income  
countries received COVID-19 vaccinations.
ICON contributed significant funds in July to 
support the purchase of 38,000 COVID-19 
vaccine doses through the alliance - one on 
behalf of every ICON employee.
From February 2021 to February 2022, UNICEF 
delivered over 1.2 billion vaccine doses to 144 
countries.
Spotlight: UNICEF Corporate Vaccine Alliance
SDGs supportedSocial: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
42Spotlight: Partnering with employees for community support 
Each year, ICON supports causes that our employees are 
passionate about, donates to charitable partners and encourages 
employees to volunteer in their local communities. 
Since 2012, our annual employee-nominated Charitable Donation 
Program has supported over 90 charities, donating $10,000 to 
each organisation. The selected organisations focus on a range of 
critical issues, from relieving poverty and homelessness to 
improving child welfare through education and enhancing the lives 
of people living with a variety of diseases.
During 2021, ICON selected 20 employee-nominated organisations 
to gift $10,000 each. 
We often amplify the impact of our employees’ generosity. For 
example, our corporate giving programs encourage employees to 
apply for company funds to match monies they have raised for 
charity, either individually or via team-based activities.ICON also makes annual financial contributions to charitable 
organisations with which we partner, including: 
SDGs supported
To date, ICON has  
supported more than 
100 charities in over 
150 locations. 
42Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
43
Spotlight: A continuing commitment to Junior Achievement
Junior Achievement encourages young people to remain in school and teaches them the skills they need to succeed in  
a changing world. ICON volunteers take time out of their working day to deliver Junior Achievement programs, teaching 
primary- and secondary-level students valuable business, STEM and entrepreneurship skills that will serve them throughout 
their professional lives. 
In 2021, ICON continued its support for Junior Achievement. ICON employees from our Dublin and Limerick offices brought 
educational and interactive learning programs to more than 600 students nationwide via virtual classrooms through our 
partnership with Junior Achievement Ireland (JAI).
ICON is expanding its partnership with Junior Achievement to include an additional three locations in the United States and 
the United Kingdom in 2022. 
SDGs supported
Watch this video to learn more  
about ICON’s recent work with JAI.
43Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
44
Spotlight: Looking ahead: Advancing gender equality through sports
In the spirit of supporting our communities and advocating for gender 
equality, ICON sponsors the Gordon Highlanders Women’s Rugby Football 
team in Sydney, Australia. The Gordon Rugby Football Club for men’s and 
women’s sports was originally established in 1927 and has undergone 
many iterations in the nearly 100 years since its founding. In 2017, the 
club established its inaugural women’s rugby sevens academy, a stepping 
stone to the creation of its Women’s XV program in 2021. ICON is excited 
to support this growing program in women’s sports.
SDGs supported
Spotlight: Industry-academia partnerships 
ICON’s most enduring industry-academia partnership is with Trinity College 
Dublin where the company has been named a Benefactor Through the 
Centuries. This award recognises our ongoing support for Trinity College, 
including:
 – The ICON–McKeon Research Fellow in Motor Neurone Disease,  
in honour of Declan McKeon, a former ICON Board member. The 
fellowship’s focus is on machine learning and artificial intelligence in 
the context of ALS research. 
 – Trinity Centre for People with Intellectual Disabilities (TCPID), 
which provides educational and employment opportunities for those 
living with intellectual disabilities. In 2021, ICON enabled a 6-week 
work placement for one of the students from TCIPD, which was 
extended to a 9-month internship in our Laboratory and Facilities 
departments in 2021 and 2022. 
At the end of 2021, ICON began the development of additional scholarship 
programs to support underrepresented students studying STEM-related 
courses with three Irish universities—Dublin City University, University of 
Limerick and Trinity College Dublin—and with the Thurgood Marshall 
College Fund in the United States. This new initiative has been formally 
announced and launched in 2022.
SDGs supported
44Social: The power of people • 2021 ESG report
45
Environment: Conducting 
business sustainably 
ICON recognises that the health of people and the planet are inextricably 
linked. Climate change can not only disrupt the way we do business, but also 
can harm human health. To drive better outcomes for patients and advance 
public health, we are committed to playing a role in combatting climate change.
At ICON, we aim to be good stewards of the natural environment by managing and 
reducing our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, energy use and waste generation. 
In particular, our focus on decentralised and hybrid clinical trials has created 
innovative efficiencies on both our site footprint and business travel, the two key 
drivers of our environmental impact. Additionally, we engage with our suppliers to 
address indirect environmental impacts through the supply chain. This year we 
aligned our report with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) as we continue to advance on our commitment to 
conducting business sustainably.
SDGs supported
45Inside this section:
Minimising our environmental footprint
Engaging employees on sustainability
46Minimising our  
environmental footprint
ICON is committed to managing our environmental impact across more than  
100 locations in more than 50 countries. Our Global Environmental Management 
Policy and Environmental Management Plan (EMP) provide the framework for the 
company’s environmental initiatives. We have established targets and goals, and 
undertaken initiatives to minimise our footprint across carbon emissions, energy 
and waste.
ICON’s facilities team is responsible for implementing the EMP . ICON’s Chief 
Administrative Officer and General Counsel (CAO) oversees the EMP and provides 
updates regarding environmental initiatives to ICON’s executive leadership team 
and to the Board of Directors.
Policy 
mandate Risk 
assessmentBold 
targets MeasurementKey components of the Environmental Management PlanIn 2019, ICON established environmental targets for renewable energy use and 
carbon emissions. We remain committed to achieving these targets and to reporting 
on our progress, as outlined below. Under the EMP framework, we will continue to 
look for opportunities to build sustainability into day-to-day operations, revisit our 
global environmental strategies and targets and reassess environmental priorities as 
our business evolves. 
Our environmental goals and progressEnvironmental targets
100% electricity consumed from 
renewable sources by 20251
8% of our electricity 
consumed in 2021 came from 
renewable sources20% reduction in kilowatt hours 
(kWh) of electricity by 2030
8% reduction in kWh  
since 2018Net-zero carbon emissions on 
Scope 1 & 2 by 2030
16.4% decrease in Scope  
1 & 2 emissions since 2018
1 Through a combination of switching direct tariffs and  
purchased through renewable energy credits (RECs).
46Environment: Conducting business sustainably • 2021 ESG report
47ICON tracks and reports on our greenhouse gas (GHG) footprint. We 
follow the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, the global corporate 
accounting and reporting standard for calculating carbon emissions. 
ICON works with Carbon Trust to verify Scope 1 and 2 emissions data 
to a limited level of assurance in line with ISO 14064-3. We also collect 
and report limited Scope 3 data for business travel.
Aligned with our goal to be net-zero on Scopes 1 and 2 by 2030, ICON’s 
combined Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions have fallen on a year-over-
year basis since 2018. In 2020, following pandemic-related closures  
and a reduction in business travel, our Scope 3 GHG emissions declined 
significantly. In 2021, as we began to resume more normal operations, 
Scope 3 emissions increased however, they remain below our 2018 
levels. Our combined scopes 1 and 2 emissions continued to decrease.
Our combined scopes 1 and 2 emissions have decreased 16.4% 
since 2018. Overall, when including business travel, our GHG 
emissions have decreased by 44.6% since 2018.Reducing carbon emissionsGHG emissions (tCO2e), 2018-2021
Scope 1 - Fuel
Scope 2 - Electricity
Scope 3 - Business travel
Environmental1
Description22021 2020 2019 2018
Electricity Consumption (MWh)  40,202  38,357  42,798  43,705 
   Percentage eletricity consumption from renewables 8% 9% 11% N/A
Total GHG emissions, all scopes (metric tons CO2e)3 31,805  28,036  58,813  57,366 
Scope 1 (tCO2e) - Fuel  2,213  2,050  1,950  1,827 
Scope 2, location-based (tCO2e) - Electricity  15,034  15,586  17,940  18,812 
Scope 3 (tCO2e) - Business travel  14,558  10,401  38,923  36,726 
Emissions intensity (tCO2e per million in revenue)4 3.15  2.95  3.39  3.77 
Emissions intensity (tCO2e per full-time employee)4 0.45  0.52  0.92  0.69 20,00030,00040,00050,00060,00070,000
10,000
2018 2019 2020 20210
More information on ICON’s environmental footprint is available in the environmental 
data performance table.Total GHG emissions Environment: Conducting business sustainably • 2021 ESG report

48ICON continues to identify opportunities to reduce 
carbon emissions across our global operations. 
Ongoing initiatives to expand the use of decentralised 
clinical trials (DCTs) and remote patient monitoring, as 
well as our new flexible work policy, which allows 
eligible employees to work from home 40% of the 
time, should result in reduced emissions. We also are 
considering setting a science-based target (SBTi).
ICON participates in CDP (formerly the Carbon 
Disclosure Project), a globally recognised system that 
allows companies to measure and manage their 
environmental impacts. We received a C score from 
CDP in 2021 on our 2020 Climate Change response. 
View our CDP response here.
Our work to reduce emissions extends to our supply 
chain. For example, ICON requires suppliers to abide 
by our Global Supplier Code of Conduct, which 
includes a commitment to comply with applicable 
environmental laws and regulations, as well as our 
expectations regarding waste management and the 
sustainable use of resources. In addition, to reduce 
emissions from business travel and commuting 
activities, we actively encourage the use of technology 
and teleconferencing facilities. Starting in 2022, we 
began engaging with CDP to compute and assess  
the carbon footprint of our suppliers to expand the 
tracking of our Scope 3 emissions. Read more about 
how we manage suppliers in the Sustainable 
Procurement section of this report.ICON has set a goal to reduce electricity consumption by 20% by 2030 and to source electricity from 100% 
renewable sources by 2025. To move toward renewable energy, we have transitioned six locations to green 
power, and now 8% of our electricity consumption comes from renewables. Our energy consumption 
decreased significantly in 2020 due to office closures during the pandemic. As offices began to reopen in 
2021, energy consumption increased; however, it remains well below 2019 levels, before the pandemic. As 
we consolidate and reopen our offices, we will continue to shift to renewable energy through on-site green 
power and, where that is not feasible, through the purchase of renewable energy credits (RECs). 
Our electricity consumption has decreased 8% since 2018, 40% of the way to our 2030 goal.Reducing energy consumption
Electricity Consumption (MWh), 2018-2021
39,00040,00041,00042,00043,00044,000
38,000
2018 2019 2020 202137,000Electricity consumedEnvironment: Conducting business sustainably • 2021 ESG report
49ICON’s waste reduction initiatives are focused on 
increasing recycling volumes, reducing consumption  
of primary materials and decreasing the use of 
disposable products at our locations. Before the 
COVID-19 pandemic, ICON had made great progress  
in reducing single-use items. In 2020 and 2021, our  
use of disposable products increased due to COVID-19 
safety protocols. As the need for pandemic-related 
restrictions ease and we return to more normal working 
conditions, we intend to refocus on reducing single-use 
plastics and engaging employees on ways to decrease 
waste generated.  Experts from our real estate team factor in environmental 
considerations when selecting new locations for offices 
and planning building modifications. In addition, we have 
implemented initiatives to reduce the environmental 
footprint of our offices at the local level, such as installing 
energy-efficient LED lighting, using motion detectors to 
reduce energy use, upgrading to energy-efficient HVAC 
systems, purchasing recycled office supplies, and 
reducing paper consumption by promoting paperless 
office processes, or where printing is necessary, enabling 
double-sided output. As most of our locations are leased, 
we work closely with our landlords and leasing agents to 
leverage incentives and local funding to implement 
measures that make our facilities more energy efficient 
and environmentally friendly.
In 2021, we began consolidating and downsizing office 
space as we re-envisioned our collective organisation and 
operations post-integration. The office consolidation is 
designed for a new post-pandemic working environment 
where many eligible employees work remotely from home 
up to 40% of the time.Managing waste Ensuring sustainability  
of our officesSpotlight: Reimagining the office experience
When pandemic restrictions eased, ICON’s facilities 
teams worked tirelessly to bring employees back to 
offices across the globe in alignment with the new 
flexible working policy. At the same time, as part of a 
massive undertaking to integrate more than 150 ICON 
and PRA properties, in 2021 the company downsized  
or closed 37 locations, an initiative that allowed us to 
enhance environmental efficiency and foster comradery. 
An opening day ceremony in Taipei’s newly combined office
49Environment: Conducting business sustainably • 2021 ESG report
50Engaging employees  
on sustainability
ICON’s Sustainability Network, comprised of employees 
from across the globe, plays a critical role in bringing our 
sustainability commitments to life by identifying local 
sustainability opportunities. Employees across the globe 
participated in 2021 Sustainability Month activities, which 
included an upcycling event sponsored by employees in 
Chennai and a plastic cap collection for a children’s 
rehabilitation charity led by employees at our Warsaw office. 
Across multiple sites, employees held plant growing and 
gardening contests. Spotlight: Tackling energy poverty with Solar Buddy
Spotlight: Fighting plastic pollution with EcobricksAs part of our 2021 Sustainability Month activity, ICON continued 
its support for Solar Buddies, an organisation that builds lights 
powered by solar energy for families living in extreme poverty to 
light their homes. Employees at ICON offices in Beijing, Shanghai, 
Tokyo, Paris, Lyon, Langen, Santiago and Bogota joined forces to 
build and deliver 416 solar lights, providing lighting to 2,080 
individuals. This enhanced lighting allows children to study at 
night so they are better equipped to succeed at school, providing 
opportunities to break out of the poverty cycle. Because these 
lights are solar powered, they also offset emissions of 
approximately 532 tCO2e, the equivalent of planting 8,861 trees.
During our 2021 Sustainability Month, ICON employees at our 
Cambridge, Massachusetts and Buenos Aires locations partnered 
with the Global Ecobrick Alliance. They combatted plastic 
pollution by transforming discarded plastic bottles and plastic 
bags into building blocks that sequester microplastics, preventing 
them from breaking down and entering the environment, affecting 
both animal life and human health. These building blocks are 
used for craft and building projects in local communities. 
5050Environment: Conducting business sustainably • 2021 ESG report
51
Governance:  
Committed to  
ethics and quality 
ICON is a business built on integrity and responsibility.  
We do the right thing. 
Our core values of integrity, inclusion, agility and 
collaboration are infused in everything we do. Meeting 
these values requires us all to work to the highest ethical 
standards and to demonstrate a commitment to honesty, 
transparency and quality. 
SDGs supported
51Inside this section:
 Our commitment to strong corporate governance
Our commitment to acting ethically 
Our commitment to quality
5252Key committee responsibilities cover the following topics:
 Nominating, Sustainability and Governance Committee*
 – Identification of Board and Board Committee members
 – Corporate governance and business ethics policies, 
principles, guidelines and codes of conduct, including the 
Global Code of Ethical Conduct
 – Strategic plans, objectives and risks related to ESG matters
 –Board and board committee evaluations
Audit Committee*
 –Financial risk
 –Financial policies 
 –Financial reporting 
 –Internal controls 
 ICON’s internal audit function reports directly to the Audit Committee.
Compensation and Organisation Committee*
 – Company organisational structure and  
related accountabilities 
 – Executive succession planning
 – Compensation strategy and programs
 – Compensation-related share options and stock grants 
 – Remuneration for ICON’s CEO, CFO and other  
company officers.The Board’s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide the 
framework for effective governance of the company. The 
guidelines address matters such as the respective roles and 
responsibilities of the Board and management, the Board’s 
leadership structure, the duties of the lead independent director, 
director independence, Board membership criteria, Board 
committees and Board and management evaluation. 
Key highlights of ICON’s governance structure include:
 – A strong, experienced lead independent director with well-
defined responsibilities who supports the Board’s oversight
 – A robust committee structure consisting of three statutory 
committees that provide oversight for the management of  
key risks, including ESG-related risks
 – Leaders from a variety of backgrounds with deep experience 
and expertise across the industry and specific topic areas
During 2021, the Board maintained three statutory committees: 
the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Organisation 
Committee and the Nominating, Sustainability and Governance 
Committee, which has primary oversight responsibility for ESG. 
Each committee is charged with specific responsibilities and has 
a charter that is reviewed periodically.
* Each of these committees is composed  
entirely of independent directors.Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
 Learn more about our governance policies 
and guidelines here. Learn more about our directors’ experience, 
qualifications and industry knowledge here.Our commitment to strong 
corporate governance
Board of Directors structure and composition 
ICON’s Board of Directors, made up of diverse professionals 
who are experts in their fields, oversees strategy and 
management activity. Board composition as of 31 December 
2021 and 30 July 2022 included:
10 out of 12  directors are independent  
as of 31 December 2021
7 out of 9  directors are independent  
as of 30 July 2022
Women hold 4 out of 12  seats on the merged 
company’s Board as of 31 December 2021
Women hold 3 out of 9  seats on the merged 
company’s Board as of  30 July 2022
53Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
ICON is led by experienced executives recognised as leading practitioners in their respective fields.  
Our leadership team provides a diversity of perspectives and a wealth of experience. 
Meet our leadershipLeadership structure and composition 
Ms. Tami Klerr
President Global Operations 
 (Biotech / Small,  
Mid-Size Pharma)Dr. Steve Cutler
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Samir Shah
President Strategic SolutionsMr. Brendan Brennan
Chief Financial Officer
Dr. Greg Licholai
Chief Medical  
& Innovation OfficerDr. Nuala Murphy
President Development  
& Commercialisation 
Solutions
Mr. George A. McMillan
Chief Commercial OfficerMr. Barry Balfe
President Global Operations 
(Large Pharma)
Mr. Diarmaid Cunningham
Chief Administrative Officer,  
General Counsel & Company Secretary
Mr. Tom O’Leary
Chief Information Officer
Mr. Joe Cronin
Chief Human Resources Officer
Mr. Simon Holmes
Head of Corporate Development & 
Integration Management Office Lead
Read more on our executive  
leadership team here.By the numbers
40% women  
at the VP level and above,  
globally as at 31 December 202126% female  
executives as at 31 December 2021
54
ICON’s Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel (CAO) leads ICON’s ESG 
strategy and initiatives. The Board’s Nominating, Sustainability and Governance 
Committee provides oversight for this activity. The committee’s oversight 
responsibilities focus on ICON’s ESG-related strategies and policies, performance 
and external disclosures, systems for evaluating ESG-related material risks, and 
opportunities and approach to shareholder and stakeholder engagement regarding 
sustainability and ESG matters. The CAO provides periodic reports to the ICON 
executive leadership team and the Nominating, Sustainability and Governance 
Committee on ESG-related matters.
ICON established its ESG Committee in 2019 to provide operational information 
and oversight for ESG-related activities across the company.  
The ESG Committee is chaired by the CAO and includes management representation 
from the facilities, corporate communications, finance, legal and corporate governance, 
investor relations, commercial, marketing and human resources departments. The 
ESG Committee initiates, reviews and communicates updates and plans on ESG-
related activity and initiatives to ensure consistency, promote collaboration, enhance 
monitoring, reveal areas for development and facilitate reporting to the Board. 
All departments across ICON play a role in embedding and achieving our ESG-related 
commitments through operations and governance activities and the company’s 
business relationships. ESG commitments are integrated into organisational 
strategies and operational policies and procedures via the ESG Committee and 
monitored through ESG tracking and reporting. Department leaders are responsible 
for implementing ESG commitments across their respective organisations.ESG governance and oversight 
54Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
55Our commitment to 
acting ethically 
ICON’s commitment to ethics and integrity is embedded in our company 
values. We act with integrity and integrate ethical principles into our business 
practices and culture. ICON’s Global Code of Ethical Conduct establishes our 
core principles and standards for honest, fair, and ethical behaviour. 
Our Ethics and Compliance program builds on the principles established in the 
code to define and drive business conduct consistent with company values and 
the laws, rules and regulations that apply to our business. The program is 
designed to protect the interests of the company and its shareholders by 
preventing, detecting, investigating and responding to potential misconduct and 
violations. The program supports all functional areas globally and is dedicated 
to implementing standardised global policies, procedures, training, guidance, 
communications, monitoring, investigations and issues management, in addition 
to assessing compliance-related risk and mitigations and reporting.
The Legal Compliance and Ethics Team (LCET) provides day-to-day 
independent oversight for the program. The team works collaboratively with risk 
and compliance functions and leadership across the business to align on and 
optimise its reach and impact. The LCET reports to ICON’s Chief Administrative 
Officer and General Counsel (CAO). The CAO reports on the program to ICON’s 
executive leadership team and the Board. ICON reports material breaches of 
compliance codes and policies, as well as any waivers of those codes and 
policies, in our annual 20-F report. In 2021, there were none. Ethics and Compliance ProgramKey priorities of the Ethics and Compliance program include: 
 – Establishing standards of conduct in accessible company policies and procedures
 – Raising awareness through training and internal and external communications
 – Ensuring there are avenues to ask questions or raise concerns, including through our confidential, 
externally hosted Ethics Line, which is available 24/7
 – Conducting or monitoring investigations of reported noncompliance in the risk areas under its oversight
 – Ongoing compliance risk auditing and monitoring with the assistance of AI technology
Learn more about the policies and codes that 
make up the Ethics and Compliance program 
on our website. Core documents include:
 Global Code of Ethical Conduct
 Global Anti-Corruption Compliance Policy
 Global Policy on Interactions with 
Healthcare Stakeholders
 Global Supplier Code of Conduct
 Anti-Slavery and Human  
Trafficking Statement
Global Speak Up Policy
5555Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
Employees are required to complete mandatory 
ethics and compliance training in key areas that 
support our values and ways of working. 
The training incorporates the fundamental 
principles of our policies and codes and includes 
interactive scenarios. The training consists of  
(but is not limited to) the following areas:
 –Global Code of Ethical Conduct
 –Anti-Corruption
 – Data protection and procedures
 – IT security
 –Maintaining confidentiality 
 –Social media usage
56At ICON, we promote a Speak Up culture that encourages 
compliance, openness and accountability without retaliation. In 
2021, we introduced the Speak Up Policy (previously ICON’s Ethics 
Line charter), ICON’s open-door policy that encourages the prompt 
reporting or surfacing of concerns or violations through designated 
channels.
The Speak Up Policy, as well as the Code of Ethical Conduct and 
ICON’s compliance policies, expressly state that employees and 
interested parties have the opportunity and responsibility to raise 
questions or concerns about values, ethics or other standards 
without fear of retaliation. In addition to a number of internal 
avenues, ICON employees and third parties may raise questions 
and concerns confidentially and, where legally permissible, 
anonymously through ICON’s Ethics Line. The Ethics Line is 
administered by an independent company, is available 24 hours a 
day, seven days a week, and can accommodate calls in more than 
75 languages.
ICON is committed to appropriate follow-up and investigation of all 
reported misconduct. Substantiated code and policy violations may 
result in corrective or disciplinary actions, up to and including 
termination of employment. The LCET provides oversight for the 
internal investigations process and provides information regarding 
reported ethics concerns via the CAO to the Board of Directors. ICON is guided by a foundational principle: we do not tolerate 
bribery or any other form of corruption or fraud. Our anti-bribery/
anti-corruption (ABAC) program is a core element of ICON’s 
Ethics and Compliance program. Employees and others acting 
on behalf of ICON must comply with applicable international laws 
and regulations relating to bribery, corruption and illicit payments, 
including the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK 
Bribery Act of 2010.
ICON’s ABAC programs facilitate compliance with anti-corruption 
laws using a combination of mechanisms: vendor due diligence 
and management (described in more detail under Sustainable 
Procurement), pre-acquisition due diligence, training, policies, 
procedures, internal controls and transaction monitoring. ICON 
maintains the ISO 37001:2016 certification for our Anti-Bribery 
Management System, which establishes the framework for the 
controls that prevent, detect and mitigate the risk of bribery.
Bribery and corruption risks are incorporated into the risk 
assessment and scoping process for internal audits, and auditing 
teams incorporate an assessment of ABAC measures in audits, 
as appropriate.Speak Up and Ethics Line Anti-Bribery/Anti-Corruption
Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
57ICON is committed to human rights. In 2021, ICON became a 
participant in the UN Global Compact (UNGC), signalling our 
commitment to uphold the UNGC’s 10 Principles, including those 
related to human rights across our global operations. Information 
regarding our commitment to the UNCG is available in the tables  
at the end of this report. 
Our business model and our policies, including our Global Code of 
Ethical Conduct and Global Supplier Code of Conduct, demonstrate 
our commitment to applicable human rights legislation in the 
countries where we operate. Indeed, our zero-tolerance policy on 
forced labour, slavery and human trafficking is defined clearly in 
these policies, which are available to employees, suppliers, 
customers and the public.
We are opposed to forced labour, slavery and human trafficking.  
We will not knowingly support or conduct business with any 
organisation engaged in such activities. We do not employ anyone 
below the minimum employment age in the jurisdictions we operate in.
In our Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement, we describe 
the measures we are taking to prevent modern slavery in our supply 
chains as well as in our own operations. For example, our Global 
Code of Ethical Conduct, which is required as part of employee 
on-boarding training and made available in local languages, outlines our expectations of employees regarding labour and human rights 
and provides a clear overview of channels to report concerns 
without fear of retaliation. 
Our Global Supplier Code of Conduct incorporates the 
Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) principles for 
responsible supply chain management, including for labour. Prior  
to doing business with ICON, suppliers must certify that they will 
comply with the ICON Global Supplier Code of Conduct or their 
own equivalent internal code, which includes human rights 
protections. We perform pre-engagement due diligence on 
suppliers, including in relation to labour issues, which we support 
through periodic re-screening. We hold our suppliers accountable 
for meeting their contractual obligations. Contract non-compliance 
can result in termination of the business relationship with the 
supplier and exclusion from future business.
The ESG Committee, a cross-functional management committee 
chaired by our CAO, has management-level oversight of human 
rights policies and practices. The committee is also responsible for 
reporting to the ICON executive leadership team and Board on ESG 
matters, including tackling modern slavery and human trafficking 
regulatory requirements. The Nominating, Sustainability and 
Governance Committee of the Board has primary oversight of 
human rights matters.Human rights and labour 
57Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
58Data privacy and information security are fundamental to our 
business and key to retaining customers, building investors’ 
trust, protecting patients and complying with global and  
regional regulations. 
Data privacy
We recognise and respect that our customers, employees, 
patients, and all who do business with ICON expect that we will 
protect their personal information according to our legal 
obligations and policy commitments. 
Comprehensive data protection laws across the globe seek to 
strike a balance between an individual’s right to keep their 
information private and the ability of organisations, such as 
ICON, to use certain personal data in support of their operations. 
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR) is widely recognised as offering a robust level of 
protection for personal data. The foundational principles of the 
GDPR have shaped the global landscape significantly; ICON 
seeks to align its Global Data Protection policies and processes 
with this high standard. 
In particular, ICON has a comprehensive GDPR benchmarked 
Group Data Protection Policy. This policy governs ICON’s and its 
employees’ obligations concerning the processing of personal 
data, including core privacy issues such as how we address data 
subject rights, data protection impact assessments and our obligations to maintain records of processing activities (ROPAs). 
ICON also has a separate Personal Data Incident and Breach 
Response Policy and Process that governs the management of 
personal data incidents and breaches within ICON. The policy 
requires incidents to be reported to ICON’s Global Data 
Protection Officer (DPO) and Privacy Team, who manage them in 
collaboration with relevant internal stakeholders (e.g., IT Security, 
Quality & Compliance), to ensure we comply with our legal and 
contractual obligations, including our reporting obligations. Our 
privacy program is overseen by the CAO.
ICON uses a third-party privacy program management tool to 
support its privacy impact assessments of new processing 
activities, data subject rights requests and incident management 
and response. It is also used to maintain ICON’s ROPAs. This 
empowers compliance with applicable law. The tool allows ICON 
to deliver key metrics that help inform targeted process 
improvement and training for ICON staff and contribute to the 
continuous enhancement of our privacy program.
Cyber and information security
Our cybersecurity strategy and program protect our systems and 
data from an evolving threat landscape. The program, overseen 
by the Chief Information Officer (CIO), has the support of 
executive leadership and the Board, and we have invested 
heavily in cybersecurity technologies to protect our environment. 
Our processes and range of information security policies are 
certified to ISO 27001 and are independently audited twice 
annually. ICON also maintains the Cyber Essentials certification.We have embedded security in our processes to protect our  
data and our customers’ data. We understand that cyber  
threats move at machine speed. As a result, we have invested  
in cybersecurity automation to detect and respond to 
vulnerabilities and threats rapidly.
Our people and partners play a critical role in safeguarding  
data. ICON has training in place for all employees and  
contingent workers on information security and privacy  
practices so that they understand their responsibilities with 
respect to data security and privacy. Annual training includes 
topics such as data protection and IT security essentials.
We also protect the wider healthcare, pharmaceutical and 
biotech community by continuously sharing cyber threat 
information with customers and partners through various 
channels, such as the Healthcare-ISAC.
ICON must be agile so we continue to adapt our approach  
to cybersecurity and data privacy to align with the rapidly 
changing international legal landscape and to meet the evolving 
needs of our customers and the expectations of the data 
subjects who entrust their personal data to us. For example, 
adherence to best privacy and cyber security practices must  
be a focus of stakeholders responsible for driving ICON’s vision 
to develop in-house DCT and CTT (clinical trial tokenisation) 
solutions and is a fundamental part of delivering the success  
of these projects.
We report material data privacy and information security 
breaches in our annual 20-F report. In 2021, there were none.Data privacy and security Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
59ICON maintains policies and practices to support responsible, 
sustainable and ethical business practices. We are committed 
to working with suppliers that embrace high standards of 
behaviour. We manage our suppliers through our Global 
Procurement department. 
We use suppliers in numerous areas of our business, including 
central laboratory suppliers and shipping companies, electronic 
data capture providers, healthcare and benefit providers and 
information technology solutions. 
We require suppliers to abide by our Global Supplier Code of 
Conduct, which incorporates the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain 
Initiative (PSCI) principles for Responsible Supply Chain 
Management and sets out our standards and expectations 
regarding:
 –Ethics and compliance
 –Labour and human rights
 –Health and safety
 –Environmental stewardshipSustainable procurementAs part of our global risk management strategy, ICON performs 
pre-engagement due diligence on suppliers through a centrally 
managed process. This includes the screening of sanctions lists, 
debarment and adverse media. Environmental sustainability and 
bribery and corruption risks are assessed during this process. 
Suppliers are continuously monitored against sanctions and 
debarment lists and are periodically re-screened. Suppliers  
deemed higher risk are subject to enhanced due diligence  
and controls, which may include periodic training, auditing  
and assessments. In 2021, we performed more than 200  
supplier audits.
In 2021, we incorporated several new elements into the supplier 
onboarding process, including tracking the diversity of vendors.  
In 2022, we are exploring incorporating environmental criteria into 
the new vendor screening process.
We hold our suppliers accountable for meeting their contractual 
obligations, including commitments relating to our Global Supplier 
Code of Conduct and regulatory compliance. Contract non-
compliance may result in termination of the business relationship 
and exclusion from future business with our company.
Our Global Supplier Code of Conduct also outlines channels to 
report concerns or grievances related to our suppliers. Our Ethics 
Line is available for the communication of questions or concerns 
regarding violations of our core ethical codes or applicable legal 
requirements. We operate a strict anti-retaliation policy and expect 
suppliers to do the same. Read our Global Supplier  
Code of Conduct 
Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
60
ICON’s Chief Executive Officer and senior leadership team provide 
oversight for day-to-day risk management across the company. 
The full Board oversees general business and market risk 
management. The Audit Committee monitors risk management 
with respect to financial statements, accounting and financial 
controls, and the Compensation and Organisation Committee 
oversees risk management with respect to compensation plans, 
policies and procedures. The Nominating, Sustainability and 
Governance committee oversees ESG-related risk, including 
environmental risk.
Company executives regularly report to the Board and its 
committees to provide updates on the evolving risk landscape and 
related controls and mitigation activity. In addition to reporting on 
financial risks, company leaders provide regular updates regarding 
key non-financial risks including cybersecurity, data privacy, legal 
compliance and environmental risks, among others.
For climate-related physical risks, our facilities team assesses 
property risks to estimate the probable impact of hazards such as 
hurricanes, floods, water scarcity, extreme heat and extreme cold, 
which are increasing in frequency and severity due to climate 
change. ICON’s business continuity standards identify baseline 
requirements for implementing disaster recovery and enhancing 
overall resilience to help ensure our preparedness and capability of 
recovery in the event of a significant business disruption that may 
affect our ability to meet customer expectations. At the facility Risk management 
level, business groups and site managers have their own processes 
and a business resilience plan. These plans are prepared with the 
support of local leaders and management, and are submitted for 
regular audits and assessments. When risks are identified, the 
committee proposes approaches to mitigate, transfer, accept or 
control the identified risks and opportunities. Risk mitigations are 
considered in the context of business continuity and service 
resilience, with a focus on the scope of impact (e.g. reputational, 
regulatory and cost), potential return on investment and time and 
resources required to implement change.
ICON’s Quality and Risk Forum, consisting of key executives 
across the business including ICON’s CEO, evaluates quality-
related risks across the business from patient safety, data integrity 
and compliance perspectives. ICON’s internal audit team reviews 
financial and operational risks across the company during the audit 
planning process. Throughout the year, the audit team tests 
controls and mitigation measures for effectiveness. As the risk 
landscape evolves, we continue to update and strengthen our risk 
management processes in response to those changes impacting 
our business.
Learn more about how we 
manage risks in our 2021 20-F .
60Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
61ICON acts responsibly and with integrity in all tax matters. We are committed to observing 
all applicable laws, rules and regulations in meeting our tax compliance, reporting (including 
country-by-country reporting as required by the OECD BEPS initiative) and payment 
obligations. These responsibilities are managed on a jurisdictional basis by appropriate 
internal and external resources with global oversight from central and specialised tax and 
finance teams.
Responsibility for ICON’s overall tax strategy sits with the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) with 
oversight from the Board of Directors. The ICON Tax Team, comprised of tax professionals 
with relevant qualifications, experience, training and understanding of ICON’s operations,  
is responsible for implementing the tax strategy. 
As a global business, ICON pays a significant amount of tax worldwide, including corporate 
income tax, sales taxes and employer social security taxes. In addition, ICON collects and 
remits to local tax authorities the employment and social security taxes deducted from 
employee remuneration and indirect taxes, such as VAT applied to sales. 
We fully disclose the facts and information necessary for tax authorities to determine the  
full amount of ICON’s tax liabilities. Furthermore, ICON aims to maintain transparent and 
cooperative relationships with the tax authorities in each of the jurisdictions and responds to 
tax authorities’ enquiries promptly.
Additional information regarding ICON’s tax-related risk management is available in our 20-F . Tax transparency
Read our our Global Tax 
Policy Statement
Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
62Our commitment to quality  
Quality is the cornerstone of our success as a leading CRO and is vital 
to our mission of bringing better medications to patients worldwide. 
ICON is committed to maintaining, supporting, checking and improving 
our quality systems to exceed the standards demanded by our 
customers, patients and regulatory authorities.
Spotlight on quality
906 
Customer audits2,433 
Internal audits
232
Supplier audits143
Regulatory inspectionsSelect quality management activities, 2021The key to ICON’s growth and success has been our ability to deliver services of the highest quality to our customers 
consistently. Recognising the need to obtain high-quality data throughout every step of the drug development process, 
ICON has instilled a total commitment to quality in its management teams since its inception.
ICON is committed to meeting the highest standards of conformance to good clinical practice (GCP), good 
pharmacovigilance practice (GVP), good manufacturing practice (GMP), good laboratory practice (GLP) and good 
clinical laboratory practice (GCLP) requirements. Our commitment ensures that ICON’s services meet these 
practices, as well as the highest ethical standards, relevant regulatory requirements and our contractual obligations. 
We maintain an industry-leading quality management system (QMS) to deliver on our high standards. The QMS is 
reviewed regularly to ensure that it is current and functioning effectively. Through audits and data analytics, signals 
can be detected and issues can be proactively addressed to make better business decisions and mitigate quality 
and compliance risks. 
Elements of our global Quality Management System
ICON
Global Quality 
Management  
SystemQUALITY ASSURANCERISKPROCESSCOMPLIANCE
ANALYTICS & 
REPORTINGRegulatory inspection management
Corporate compliance assessments
Complaint management
Deviation & issues management
Policy & SOP management
Change controls
ISO standards management
Training management
Records retention management
QMS management Corporate risk management  
oversight committee
Risk analysis & mitigation
Key quality control matrix management
Key quality control testing
Decision analytics and risk scenario planningQuality consulting
Strategic alliance quality management
Quality agreements management
Vendor QA 
Key quality & risk
Functional qualityGovernance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
63The Quality and Compliance (Q&C) department provides oversight for the QMS.  
ICON’s Q&C department functions independently of our clinical operations organisation, 
reports directly to ICON’s Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel (CAO) and to 
ICON’s executive leadership team through a formal governance structure. 
Global QA functions are responsible for conducting internal audits on ICON projects, 
processes, systems and procedures, critical vendor audits and customer contracted 
audits to assure compliance with relevant regulations and guidelines, customer 
requirements and applicable SOPs, together with oversight of the Corrective and 
Preventative Action (CAPA) management process. Audits are conducted across projects, 
processes, departments and offices as appropriate under annual internal audit programs. 
Global Q&C is also responsible for hosting routine audits by customers and coordinating 
and hosting routine and unannounced regulatory inspections.
The Q&C compliance group provides oversight of regulatory inspections and customer/
external audits of ICON and manages significant quality issues, external audit/inspection 
CAPAs and potential serious breaches. 
The Q&C governance group maintains oversight of suspected scientific misconduct 
cases, coordination of Corporate Integrity Agreement programs and governance reporting 
to ICON leadership. The Policy and Procedures Management team is responsible for 
managing ICON’s policies, procedures and document management system.
Q&C also manages pertinent ISO certifications and sponsor medical device audits. ICON 
Quality & Compliance personnel have expertise in GCP , GLP , GMP , CSV, GCLP , GVP , 
medical device quality systems and quality management systems.ICON’s Q&C department provides information and drives processes that facilitate 
faster and better decisions, but maintaining quality is ultimately everyone’s job. We 
continually focus on fostering a culture across the company that embeds quality into 
daily interactions, from the words we say, to the behaviours we see, to how these 
interact to produce the sense that quality is infused across all aspects of the company.Oversight of the Quality Management System Building a culture of quality
Learn more about our  
Quality Management System  
Governance: Committed to ethics and quality • 2021 ESG report
64
Data and reporting
As ICON continues our ESG journey, we seek to further increase transparency  
and accountability to our employees, our customers, our investors and other 
stakeholders.
To that end, we are aligning our ESG reporting with recognised frameworks. This report has 
been prepared in accordance with the new 2021 GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards. 
The GRI Standards provide a globally recognised framework for companies to measure and 
communicate their economic, environmental, social, and governance performance. 
In 2021, as a testament to our commitment to managing ICON responsibly and sustainably, 
we became a participant in the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), a set of Ten 
Principles covering the areas of human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption. This 
report serves as our first Communication on Progress. Our report also includes information 
regarding how ICON’s ESG activity aligns with the the Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures Index (TCFD).
The performance data tables that follow provide additional economic, operational, 
environmental and workforce data to support GRI alignment and to provide transparency 
into our most important ESG issues. Data for 2021 integrates data from PRA Health 
Sciences. In some cases, previous year data also integrates legacy data from PRA  
Health Sciences. The data tables are footnoted accordingly. We do not include data  
from ICON’s Global Public Health Services (GPHS) operations.
64Inside this section:
UN Global Compact Index
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index
ICON 2021 performance data
ICON 2021 GRI Content Index
65UN Global Compact 
Index Principle Where to find information in this report
In 2021, we became a participant in the UN Global Compact. 
This index outlines where information related to how we are 
fulfilling the Ten Principles can be found in this report.Our commitment to acting ethically: Human rights and labour, pg. 57
Our commitment to acting ethically: Sustainable procurement pg. 59
Global Code of Ethical Conduct
Our commitment to acting ethically: Human rights and labour, pg. 57
Our commitment to acting ethically: Sustainable procurement pg. 59
Global Code of Ethical Conduct1.  
Businesses should support and respect the protection of 
internationally proclaimed human rights; andHuman Rights
GRI, Index, pg. 75
Our commitment to acting ethically: Human rights and labour, pg. 57
Our commitment to acting ethically: Sustainable procurement pg. 59
Our commitment to acting ethically: Human rights and labour, pg. 57
Our commitment to acting ethically: Sustainable procurement pg. 59
Global Code of Ethical Conduct2.  
Make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.
3.  
Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the 
effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining. 
4.  
The elimination of all forms of focused and compulsory labour;
5.  
The effective abolition of child labour; and Labour Data and reporting • 2021 ESG report
66UN Global Compact 
Index, continued
Our commitment to the SDGs, pg. 18
Minimising our environmental footprint, pg. 467.  
Businesses should support a precautionary approach  
to environmental challenges;Environment
Anti-corruptionOur commitment to the SDGs, pg. 18
Minimising our environmental footprint, pg. 46
Our commitment to the SDGs, pg. 18
Using in-home services, technology and partnerships to reach more patients, pg. 26
Minimising our environmental footprint, pg. 46
Our commitment to acting ethically: Anti-bribery and anti-corruption, pg. 56
Our commitment to acting ethically: Sustainable procurement, pg. 59
Global Code of Ethical Conduct8.  
undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental  
responsibility; and
9.  
encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally 
friendly technologies.
10.  
Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms,  
including extortion and bribery.Principle Where to find information in this report
Why patient diversity matters, pg. 25
Fostering diversity, inclusion and belonging, pg. 29 6.  
The elimination of discrimination in respect of employment  
and occupation.Data and reporting • 2021 ESG report
67Task Force on Climate- 
related Financial  
Disclosures (TCFD)  
IndexOur commitment to strong corporate governance, pg. 52
2021 Climate Change CDP Response (Section C1.1b)
2021 20-F , pg. 38A.  
Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related  
risks and opportunitiesGovernance
Strategy2021 Climate Change CDP Response (Sections C1.2, C1.3.1)
Minimising our environmental footprint, pg. 46
2021 20-F , pg. 38
2021 Climate Change CDP Response (Sections C2.1a, C2.3, 2.3a)
2021 Climate Change CDP Response (Sections C3.1, C3.5, C12.1a)
No response.B.  
Describe management’s role in assessing and managing  
climate-related risks and opportunities
A.  
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the  
organization has identified over the short, medium, and  
long term. 
B.  
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and  
opportunities on the organization’s businesses,  
strategy, and financial planning.
C.  
Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy,  
taking into consideration different climate-related  
scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario.Recommended disclosures Answer, cross-reference, omissions and explanations
ICON now aligns with the recommendations of the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). This index 
outlines where information for each of the TCFD’s four pillars 
may be found in this report or in our other public reporting.ICON now aligns with the recommendations of the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). This index 
outlines where information for each of the TCFD’s four pillars 
may be found in this report or in our other public reporting.Data and reporting • 2021 ESG report
68Task Force on Climate- 
related Financial  
Disclosures (TCFD)  
Index, continuedMinimising our environmental footprint, pg. 46
2021 Climate Change CDP Response (Sections C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a)A.  
Describe the organization’s processes for identifying  
and assessing climate-related risks.Risk management
Strategy2021 Climate Change CDP Response (Sections C2.1, C2.2))B.  
Describe the organization’s processes for managing  
climate-related risks.
2021 Climate Change CDP Response (Sections C1.21 & C2.2)
2021 20-F , pg. 9C. 
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and  
managing climate-related risks are integrated into the  
organization’s overall risk management.
2021 Climate Change CDP Response (Sections C6, C7, & C8.2)
ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 69A.  
Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess 
climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy  
and risk management process.
2021 Climate Change CDP Response (Sections C5.2, C6.1, C6.3, C6.5, C7.1-6,  
& C10.1)
ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 69B.  
Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3  
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks.
2021 Climate Change CDP Response (Sections C4.1. C4.1a, C4.2)
Minimising our environmental footprint, pg. 46C.  
Describe the targets used by the organization to manage  
climate-related risks and opportunities and performance  
against targets.Recommended disclosures Answer, cross-reference, omissions and explanationsData and reporting • 2021 ESG report
692021 2020 2019 2018 2017
 Workforce1
Total employees238,065  15,938  14,965 14,059 13,567
Workforce by gender
Male 10,468  4,696  4,484  4,254 4,088
Female 27,572  11,208  10,447  9,740 9,343
Not disclosed 21  34  34  65  136 
Transgender 3 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Other 1 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Workforce by geography
United States and Canada  14,255  5,551  5,257 4,951 4,791
Latin America  2,420  893  587 560 532
Europe  13,765  5,387  5,098 4,578 4,653
Asia Pacific  7,234  3,977  3,848 3,860 3,516
Africa  391  130  175 110 752021 2020 2019 2018 2017
Workforce by ethnicity (U.S. only)
White 7,435  2,738 2,654 2,551 2,547
Black 1,502  572 489 443 412
Asian 1,265  474 463 414 371
Hispanic 699  292 250 237 220
Native American 55  16 17 19 17
Other 250  79 70 73 75
Minorities in workforce (%) 34% 34% 33% 32% 30%
Other workforce data
Employees receiving performance  
reviews3 (%)97% 96%  95%  97% 91%
Total iLearn course completions 2,879,734 810,037 729,928 683,686 574,855
Total learning hours 1,382,679 485,235 413,008 347,117 284,526
Learning hours per CRA 79 41 39 37 49
Employees unionised (U.S. only)4 (%) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
New roles filled with internal candidates (%) 29% 28% 27% 30% 21%
New roles filled through Graduate  
Development Program5 (%)5% 5% 2% N/A N/A
New roles filled by former ICON  
employees returning to the company6 (%)  9% 5% 6% N/A N/A
Management
Number of company executives719 16 16 18 19
Number of female executives75 3 3 3 3
Female directors and above8 (%) 59% 56% 58% 57% 55%2021 2020 2019 2018 2017
Management continued
Female VP-level and above (%)940% 39% 35% 33% 33%
Female managers and above (%)1066% 65% 64% 63% 62%
Minorities in management (U.S. only - 
VP-level and above) (%)118% 7% 7% 8% 13%
Board of Directors
Independent directors (%)12  83% 80% 80% 91% 83%
Number of women on Board 4 3 3 2 2
Women on Board (%) 33%   30% 30% 18% 17%
Footnotes:
1 In 2021, ICON acquired PRA Health Sciences. For data on PRA Health Sciences in 2017–2020, please see  
our combined 2020 ESG Report.
2 Total headcount includes employees and contractors.
3 Employee performance reviews occur on an annual basis.
4 Data for unionised staff is not collected.
5 We did not have any formal programs until 2019 when we did a Biometrics academy.
6 We did not report on re-hires before 2018, so data not available.
7 A level
8 A-C level
9 A-B level
10 A-D level
11 A-B level. Data are only available for 75% of US workforce.
12 Independent in accordance with NASDAQ rulesICON 2021 performance dataData and reporting • 2021 ESG report
70ICON 2021 performance data
2021 2020 2019 2018
Environmental1,2
Electricity consumption (MWh) 40,202  38,357 42,798 43,705
Percentage of electricity consumption 
from renewables8% 9% 11% N/A
Total GHG emissions, all scopes (metric 
tons CO2e)331,805  28,036 58,813 57,366
Scope 1 (tCO2e) – Fuel & fugitive gases 2,213  2,050 1,950 1,827
Scope 2, location based (tCO2e) –  
Electricity 15,034 15,586 17,940 18,812
Scope 3 (tCO2e) – Business travel 14,558 10,401 38,923 36,726
Emissions intensity (tCO2e per million  
in revenue)43.15 2.95 3.39 3.77
Emissions intensity (tCO2e per full-time 
employee)40.45 0.52 0.92 0.692021
Additional workforce data1
Total workers 38,065
Number of employees 37,703
Number of contractors2362
Workforce by type
Permanent 36,984
Temporary 719
Non-guaranteed hours 362
Workforce by status
Full-time 36,026
Part-time 2,039
Workforce by age
<30 years old 7,480
30-50 years old 23,571
50+ year old 7,014Footnotes:
1    Environmental data exclude business suites, Accellacare Network, and GPHS. 
Data from PRA Health Sciences are consolidated with ICON and have been 
included for all years.
2 ICON uses The GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard 
to calculate GHG emissions inventory and Carbon Trust verified emissions.
³ Totals may not sum due to rounding.
4 Scopes 1 and 2 emissions only.2021 2020 2019
Health and safety1
Number of fatalities 0 0 0
Number of high-consequence 
work-related injuries27 16 17
Total hours worked 21,527,436 7,407,069 7,409,631
Total recordable incident rate (TRIR)20.251 0.432 0.459
Footnotes:
12019-2020 data do not include legacy PRA data.
2This rate is calculated based on 200,000 hours worked.
Footnotes:
1 ICON has begun reporting workforce data according to additional  
categories this year in accordance with the new GRI standards.
2 ICON uses contractors to augment general staff when necessary.Data and reporting • 2021 ESG report

71STATEMENT OF USE ICON plc has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021.     
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021
Applicable GRI Sector Standard(s) None.
GRI STANDARD/OTHER SOURCE/DISCLOSURE LOCATION COMMENT OR OTHEROMISSION
REQUIREMENT(S) 
OMITTEDREASON EXPLANATION
General Disclosures
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 20212-1 Organisational details 2021 20-F , pg. 51-56, 85
2-2Entities included in the organization’s  
sustainability reporting2021 20-F , pg. 24-25, 51-56, 113
About this report, pg. 3Unless otherwise noted, this report excludes the Global Public Health Services (GPHS) division of ICON. 
GPHS is included in our financial reporting.
2-3Reporting period, frequency  
and contact pointGRI IndexThis report includes events from the period January 1, 2021 - December 31, 2021. The report  
was published 6 September 2022. For questions about this report, please email sustainability@iconplc.com.
2-4 Restatements of information GRI IndexICON recalculated PRA Health Sciences' GHG emissions using ICON's methodology and conversion  
factors, resulting in slight changes to the carbon data from last year's combined report. This year's data  
are combined data from the two organisations; in last year’s report, data were reported separately.
2-5 External assurance Link to Carbon Trust Assurance StatementICON asked Carbon Trust Assurance Limited (CTA) to provide an independent, external assurance on our 
global operations’ Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.  CTA performed the assurance in accordance with their 
methodology based on ISO 140643. The scope of the assurance included approximately 150 sites during 
the reporting period. Additional information can be found in the Assurance Statement.
2-6Activities, value chain and other business 
relationshipsWho we are, pg. 4
2021 20-F , pg. 1, 45, 61, 79, 98, 102, 121
2-7 Employees Who we are, pg. 4
ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 69
2-8 Workers who are not employees ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 69ICON 2021 GRI Content IndexData and reporting • 2021 ESG report
72ICON 2021 GRI Content Index
GRI STANDARD/OTHER SOURCE/DISCLOSURE LOCATION COMMENT OR OTHEROMISSION
REQUIREMENT(S) 
OMITTEDREASON     EXPLANATION
General Disclosures
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 20212-9 Governance structure and compositionOur commitment to strong corporate governance, 
pg. 52  
2021 20-F , pg. 69-72, 78-80
ICON Board of Directors Webpage
2-10Nomination and selection of the highest 
governance body2021 20-F , pg. 79
2022 Notice of AGM and Proxy Materials
2-11 Chair of the highest governance bodyICON Board of Directors Webpage
2021 20-F , pg. 80
2-12Role of the highest governance body in 
overseeing the management of impacts2021 20-F , pg. 79
Our commitment to strong corporate governance, 
pg. 52 
2-13Delegation of responsibility for  
managing impactsOur commitment to strong corporate governance, 
pg. 52
2-14Role of the highest governance body 
in sustainability reportingOur commitment to strong corporate governance, 
pg. 52
2-15 Conflicts of interestOur commitment to acting ethically, pg. 55
Global Code of Ethical Conduct
2021 20-F , pg. 154-155
2-16 Communication of critical concerns 2021 20-F , pg. 49
2-17Collective knowledge of the highest  
governance bodyThe values that guide us, pg. 5
2-18Evaluation of the performance of the  
highest governance body2021 20-F , pg. 79Data and reporting • 2021 ESG report
73GRI STANDARD/OTHER SOURCE/DISCLOSURE LOCATION COMMENT OR OTHEROMISSION
REQUIREMENT(S) 
OMITTEDREASON EXPLANATION
General Disclosures
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 20212-19 Remuneration policies 2021 20-F , pg. 72-73 2-19-bInformation  
unavailable or  
incompleteWe do not formally link  
executive compensation 
to ESG performance.
2-20 Process to determine remuneration 2021 20-F , pg. 73
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio 2-21Confidentiality  
constraintsWe do not publicly disclose 
median employee salary.
2-22Statement on sustainable  
development strategyLeadership message, pg. 2
2-23 Policy commitmentsOur commitment to ESG, pg. 13
Our commitment to acting ethically, pg. 55
Global Code of Ethical ConductICON communicates policy commitments through its website and ESG report for external stakeholders and 
through a dedicated ESG intranet page and internal communications for internal stakeholders. We engage 
promptly with any stakeholder who has questions about our policy commitments.
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Our commitment to strong corporate governance, 
pg. 52
Global Code of Ethical Conduct
Global Supplier Code of Conduct
Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
2-25Processes to remediate  
negative impactsOur commitment to acting ethically, pg. 55
Global Code of Ethical Conduct
2-26Mechanisms for seeking advice  
and raising concernsGlobal Code of Ethical Conduct
Speak Up and Ethics Line, pg. 56
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations GRI IndexWe define significant instances as requiring disclosure in our Form 20-F . There have been no significant  
instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations during the reporting period. ICON 2021 GRI Content IndexData and reporting • 2021 ESG report
74ICON 2021 GRI Content Index
GRI STANDARD/OTHER SOURCE/DISCLOSURE LOCATION COMMENT OR OTHEROMISSION
REQUIREMENT(S) 
OMITTEDREASON EXPLANATION
General Disclosures
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 20212-28 Membership associationsGRI Index ICON is a member of associations accross the globe, including the following: 
— ACRO - Association of Clinical Research Organizations 
—  Argentina- CAOIC- Cámara Argentina de Organizaciones de Investigación Clínica/Argentine Chamber  
Clinical Research Organizations
— Australia - The Association of Regulatory and Clinical Scientists to the Australian Pharmaceutical Industry  
— Belgium - BeCRO - Belgian Association of CROs 
—  Brazil - ABRACRO- Associação Brasileira de Organizações Representativas de Pesquisa Clínica/ Brazilian 
Association of CROs 
— China- DIA CHINA Clinical trial Project management 
— China - Taipei Biotechnology Service & Business Trade Association 
— Czech Republic - ACRO-CZ - Association of CROs Czech Republic  
— European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations - Partner in Research 
— France - AFCROs- Association Française des CROs 
—  Germany - BVMA - Bundesverband Medizinischer Auftragsinstitute/ Federal Association of Contract  
Research Organisations Germany
— Good Clinical Practice Network 
— Hungary - MKVT- Magyarországi Klinikai Vizsgálatszervezk Társaságának  
— Irish Platform for Patient Organisations, Science & Industry- IPPOSI 
— Italy - AICRO -Italian Association of CROs 
— Japan - JCROA - Japan CRO Association 
— Japan Society of Quality Assurance (JSQA) 
— Japan - KPIA- Kansai Pharmaceutical Industries Association  
— Korea - KSCD- Korea Society for Clinical Development 
— Latvia - Latvijas Klïniskäs pëtniecïbas asociäcija Latvian Clinical Research association 
— Lithuania - Lietuvos Geros klinikinés ir reguliavimo praktikos asociacija 
— Netherlands - ACRON - Association of Clinical Research Organisatións in The Nederlands 
— Peru - APOICC- Asociación Peruana de Organizaciones de Investigación Clínica por Contrato 
— Philippines - PCRP- Philippine Clinical Research Professionals 
— Poland - POLCRO - Polish Association of Clinical Research Organizations 
— Romania-  ACCSCR -The Association of Companies Conducting Clinical Trials in Romania 
— Russia - ACTO - Association of Clinical Trials Organizations Russia 
— Serbia - UUIOS 
— Slovakia - SACROP - Slovak Association of Clinical Research Organizations and Professionals 
— South Africa - SACRA - South Africa Clinical Research Association 
— Spain - AECIC - Spanish Association of Contract Research Organisations 
— Taiwan - Taiwan Clinical Research Association 
— Thailand - Association of Clinical Research Organization in Thailand 
— Turkey - SAKDER - Sözlesmeli Arastirma Kuruluslari DernegiData and reporting • 2021 ESG report
75ICON 2021 GRI Content Index
GRI STANDARD/OTHER SOURCE/DISCLOSURE LOCATION COMMENT OR OTHEROMISSION
REQUIREMENT(S) 
OMITTEDREASON EXPLANATION
General Disclosures
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 20212-29 Approach to stakeholder engagementOur commitment to ESG, pg. 13
Engaging our stakeholders, p. 17
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements GRI IndexCollective bargaining agreements are country specific. In countries where employees have representation 
via a works council or collective bargaining, ICON respects these relationships and works with these  
parties in a mutually respectful manner.2-30-aInformation  
unavailable or  
incomplete
Material topics
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 20213-1 Process to determine material topics Our ESG priorities, pg 15
3-2 List of material topics Our ESG priorities, pg. 15
Access to clinical trials1
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics Driving patient centric innovation, pg. 22
Advancing public health1
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 20213-3 Management of material topicsOur commitment to advancing public health,  
pg. 20
Climate change, energy and GHGs
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics Minimising our environmental footprint, pg. 46
GRI 302: Energy 
2016302-1Energy consumption within  
the organizationMinimising our environmental footprint, pg. 46
ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 69
GRI 305:  
Emissions 2016305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissionsReducing carbon emissions, pg. 47
ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 69
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissionsReducing carbon emissions, pg. 47
ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 69Data and reporting • 2021 ESG report
1 These material issues do not align with any GRI topic standards.
76ICON 2021 GRI Content Index
GRI STANDARD/OTHER SOURCE/DISCLOSURE LOCATION COMMENT OR OTHEROMISSION
REQUIREMENT(S) 
OMITTEDREASON        EXPLANATION
Climate change, energy and GHGs, continued
GRI 305:  
Emissions 2016305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissionsReducing carbon emissions, pg. 47
ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 70
305-4 GHG emissions intensityReducing carbon emissions, pg. 47
ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 70
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissionsReducing carbon emissions, pg. 47
ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 70
Clinical trial ethics and conduct1       
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics Driving patient centric innovation, pg. 22
Diversity, inclusion and belonging       
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics Fostering diversity, inclusion and belonging, pg. 29
GRI 405: Diversity 
and Equal  
Opportunity 2016405-1Diversity of governance bodies and  
employeesFostering diversity, inclusion and belonging, pg. 29 
ICON 2021 performance data, p. 69
Employee experience
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics Caring for our employees, pg. 36
GRI 401: 
Employment 
2016401-2Benefits provided to full-time employees  
that are not provided to temporary or  
part-time employeesCaring for our employees, pg. 36
Talent management
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 20213-3 Management of material topics Managing talent, pg. 34
GRI 404: Training 
and Education 
2016404-1Average hours of training per year  
per employeeManaging talent, pg. 34Data and reporting • 2021 ESG report
1 These material issues do not align with any GRI topic standards.
77ICON 2021 GRI Content Index
GRI STANDARD/OTHER SOURCE/DISCLOSURE LOCATION COMMENT OR OTHEROMISSION
REQUIREMENT(S) 
OMITTEDREASON EXPLANATION
Additional GRI topic standards reported2
GRI 403: 
Occupational 
Health and
Safety 2018403-1Worker representation in formal joint  
management–worker health and safety  
committeesEnsuring employee health and safety, pg. 39
403-2Types of injury and rates of injury,  
occupational diseases, lost days, 
and absenteeism, and number of  
work-related fatalitiesEnsuring employee health and safety, pg. 39
403-3Workers with high incidence or high risk  
of diseases related to their occupationEnsuring employee health and safety, pg. 39
403-4Health and safety topics covered  
in formal agreements with trade unionsEnsuring employee health and safety, pg. 39
403-5Worker training on occupational  
health and safetyEnsuring employee health and safety, pg. 39
403-6 Promotion of worker health Caring for our employees, pg. 36
403-9 Work-related injuries ICON 2021 performance data, pg. 69
GRI 416:  
Customer Health 
and Safety 2016416-1Assessment of the health and  
safety impacts of product and 
service categoriesOur commitment to quality, pg. 62All of our clinical trials are assessed for patient health and safety impacts as part of our  
commitment to ethics and quality.
GRI 418:  
Customer  
Privacy 2016418-1Substantiated complaints concerning 
breaches of customer privacy and  
losses of customer dataData privacy and security, pg. 58Data and reporting • 2021 ESG report
2 We report additional GRI topic standards to align with previous reporting 
or provide information requested by certain stakeholders.
78
Cautionary statements regarding  
forward-looking statements
This ESG Report contains forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management’s 
current expectations and information currently available, including current economic and industry 
conditions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or actual results, and actual 
results, developments and business decisions may differ from those stated in this ESG Report. The 
forward-looking statements are subject to future events, risks, uncertainties, and other factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the statements, including, but not 
limited to, changes in regulations and law, severe weather events or the effects of climate change, the 
integration of new business mergers and acquisitions, the impact of pandemics on our business, as 
well as other economic and global market conditions and other risks and uncertainties detailed from 
time to time in SEC reports filed by ICON, all of which are difficult to predict and some of which are 
beyond our control. For these reasons, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements investing in or doing business with ICON. Forward-looking statements may be identified by 
the use of future tense or other forward-looking words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” 
“should,” “may,” “strategy,” or other variations or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements 
are only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update publicly any 
forward-looking statement, either as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. More 
information about the risks and uncertainties relating to these forward-looking statements may be 
found in SEC reports filed by ICON and/or PRA, including their respective annual reports and other 
SEC filings, which are available on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.
78Data and reporting • 2021 ESG report
79ICON plc Corporate Headquarters 
South County Business Park 
Leopardstown, Dublin 18 
Ireland 
T: (IRL) +353 1 291 2000 
T: (US) +1 215 616 3000 
F: +353 1 247 6260
ICONplc.com/contact
About ICON 
ICON is a world-leading healthcare intelligence and clinical research organisation. From molecule to medicine, we advance 
clinical research, providing outsourced development and commercialisation services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology,  
medical device and government and public health organisations. We develop new innovations, drive emerging therapies  
forward, and improve patient lives. With headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, ICON operates from 119 locations in  53 countries 
and has approximately 40,500 employees as of 1 September 2022.
For more information, visit ICONplc.com.
© 2022 ICON plc. All rights reserved. 