Our approach to   
sustainability
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020

Provident Financial is the leading provider of credit 
products which offer financial inclusion to the 10 to 12 million consumers in the UK and Republic of Ireland (ROI) who are not well served by mainstream lenders or are excluded altogether. The Group serves 2.1 million 
customers through four brands: Vanquis Bank for 
credit cards, Provident for home credit, Satsuma for online loans and Moneybarn for car finance.
This Corporate Responsibility (CR) Report is designed to provide the 
reader with a balanced account of how Provident Financial’s purpose 
and strategic drivers are aligned to the Group’s responsible business 
strategy, as well as further details of the progress that has been made 
during 2020 in delivering against this strategy. 
The report relates to the non-financial aspects of Provident Financial 
plc and its operating divisions – Vanquis Bank, Moneybarn and the 
Consumer Credit Division (CCD) – in the UK and ROI, and its key stakeholders: customers, colleagues, shareholders and debt investors, 
regulators, communities, suppliers and the environment. It provides 
information and updates on our CR activities, performance and achievements from 1 January to 31 December 2020 unless otherwise stated. The report also reflects the material developments announced 
in the trading update dated 15 March 2021 relating to the proposal for the 
payment of compensation claims through a Scheme of Arrangements and the opening of an enforcement investigation by the FCA.
Further information on Provident Financial can be found in its Annual 
Report and Financial Statements 2020 .
As in previous years, this report has been independently assured 
by Corporate Citizenship in accordance with the ISAE 3000 
Assurance  Standard.To view Provident Financial’s past CR Reports and the 
Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020, go to  
www.providentfinancial.comAt a glance
2 Our highlights for 2020
3 Group snapshot
5 A message from our CEO
7 Q&A with our Head of Sustainability
Responsibility strategy
10 Our sustainability strategy
12 Continuing to embed our Blueprint
19  Our commitment to the UN Sustainable 
Development  Goals
20 Our sustainability targets
Lending responsibly
23 Serving our customers in a responsible manner
25 Improving customer satisfaction rates
27  Supporting customers in vulnerable  situations
Colleagues
31  Understanding our colleagues’ thoughts 
and opinions
32 Spotlight on inclusion and diversity
35  Focus on gender diversity
38 Supporting colleague mental health and wellbeing
Climate change
42  Understanding and disclosing how climate change 
may impact our business 
46  Offsetting our carbon footprint
47 Reducing our carbon footprint
Social impact
52 Our theory of change
53 Our social impact in 2020
Ethics and compliance
69 Our supply chain
70 Engaging investors on CR
71 What makes us a responsible taxpayer
Our business
77 How we are regulated
78 Data tablereport...In this year's 
1
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business

Here are some key highlights from the Group for 2020. 
You will find more highlights like  these  throughout the 
report, and specifically at the beginning of each chapter.
As we navigated the challenges of 2020 we focused on meeting our customers’ 
needs and expectations, keeping our colleagues safe, supporting the 
communities we serve and stepping up our plans to respond to climate change. 
All so that we deliver both on our Purpose of helping to put people on a path 
to a better everyday life and the strategic objectives which ensure that our key decisions are aligned with the expectations of our stakeholders.72%
2020 colleague  
engagement score 81
colleagues that are Mental Health First Aiders
4,507
tonnes of CO2e offset
27% 
of management representation  are female£1.2m
invested in the community
£8,169
donated to colleaguefundraising effortsOur highlights
for 2020
Read more on page 38  Read more on page 31  
Read more on page 46  Read more on page 53
Read more on page 35 Read more on page 66  
2
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business

To read more about the Group’s businesses, 
see our Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020Group snapshot
On this page  you will find some key information about 
PFG and how we meet the needs of our customers 
through our three divisions: Vanquis Bank, Moneybarn and CCD.Credit issued to customers
£2.5bnCustomers
2.1m
We serve customers from 
all across  the UK and ROIColleagues
4,232
in the UK and ROI
Our three divisions
Customers: 
1.7m
Credit card and loan range:
£150–£4,000
Representative APR: 
39.9%Loan terms: 
1–3 years
Loan range:
£1,000–£5,000
Representative APR: 
34.9%Credit cards
Vanquis Bank offers a range of credit cards, unsecured loans and 
retail deposits.Credit cards and personal loans
Customers: 
91,400
Representative APR: 
31.9%Loan terms:
3–5 years
Loan range:
£4,000–£25,000Secured motor finance
Moneybarn offers secured motor finance on a range of asset classes, including cars, motorbikes and light commercial vehicles.Vehicle finance
3
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Customers: 
311,000
Representative APR: 
535.5%Loan terms:
13–104 weeks
Loan range:
£100–£2,500Consumer credit
Home credit and online loans
CCD offers Provident home credit and provided short-term online loans through Satsuma until February 2020.
Our strategic  
objectives
The Group’s strategy provides the direction needed 
to ensure that we’re able to put people on a path 
to a better everyday life.
This strategy has remained consistent over time but has, more recently, been supported by our 
Blueprint. This defines not only what we do, but 
also  how we do it. The three pillars of our strategy 
are aligned with the Blueprint, which ensures that 
our key decisions align with the expectations of 
our stakeholders.
In doing this, we can build a PFG that is sustainable and which continues to provide for both our current 
and future customers.1 Grow customer-centric 
businesses 
 which continue to diversify to 
meet customer expectations by delivering positive outcomes and provide positive returns for shareholders. 2 Act responsibly 
and  with  integrity
 in all we do. Creating 
sustainable businesses which our stakeholders 
are proud to be a part of.3 Maintain a secure 
funding and  capital 
structure
   t o enable us to continue 
to provide for all of our stakeholders.
Objective
 –Grow businesses to provide customers 
with  products which put them on a path 
to a better everyday life.
 –Tailor products to meet the needs of 
our customers.
 –Ensure products are distributed and collected 
in a way which meet the expectations of our 
customers and regulators.
 –Generate a sustainable return from each 
of our businesses which meet the Group’s 
target returns.Objective
 –Lend to our customers in a responsible and 
sustainable manner, putting their needs at 
the heart of everything we do.
 –Develop a positive and proactive relationship 
with the regulator.
 –Ensure colleagues are proud of what they 
do and understand how it will benefit our 
customers’ lives.
 –Generate sustainable profitability to provide 
a positive return to shareholders.
 –Continue to support the communities 
where  we lend.
 –Treat our suppliers fairly.Objective
 –Maintain a secure funding structure which meets contractual maturities and fund 
growth over the subsequent 12 months.
 –Diversify the Group’s funding sources.
 –Maintain regulatory capital headroom 
in excess of 5% risk-weighted exposures 
(c.£100m), inclusive of all PRA and 
management buffers.
 –Adopt a progressive dividend policy.To read more about the progress made by the 
Group against these wider strategic objectives, see 
our Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020
4
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business

A message from our CEO
The Covid-19 pandemic has 
impacted, and continues to 
impact, so many people from 
around the world and has created so much uncertainty for the UK and Global economies, 
and I would like to express my 
deepest condolences to anyone who has been personally affected by the virus.
Malcolm Le May 
Chief Executive OfficerSustainability 
Report Welcome to our 2020 
Dear Stakeholder
When we published last year’s Corporate 
Responsibility Report alongside our Annual Report 
and Financial Statements  on 27 February 2020, little 
did we know what the ensuing ten months would have in store for all of us. So, it is fair to say that the majority of 2020 has been unlike any other year in my 
career. The Covid-19 pandemic has impacted, and 
continues to impact, so many people from around the world and has created so much uncertainty for 
the UK and Global economies, and I would like to 
express my deepest condolences to anyone who 
has been personally affected by the virus.
We also had to respond to another material development during the second half of 2020 
which  is impacting the operational model of 
our CCD as we seek to address the issue of 
rising  customer complaints within the Division.
Responding to a challenging 2020
The past two years have seen us build strong momentum around our Blueprint and continue 
to e mbed an  improved culture to further increase 
customer centricity and unify our colleagues. This has not only enabled us to continue to meet the 
changing needs of our customers and evolving 
regulatory landscape, while managing our key sustainability impacts, it has also, I believe, meant that we have been well-placed to respond to the challenges we’ve encountered because of the Covid-19 pandemic during 2020.
A key priority throughout the year has been 
to adapt our operating models in accordance 
with  the changing national and local lockdown 
restrictions so that we can safely help our customers 
through what will have been a difficult year for them. 
And despite the inevitable impact that Covid-19 has 
had on customer expenditure and loan origination, I am immensely proud with how well we responded to these challenges and how effectively we have 
operated to support our customers. This, as you can 
read from our 2020 Annual Report and Financial Statements
, has enabled us  to perform slightly 
better than management’s expectations during the year, with Vanquis Bank and Moneybarn remaining 
profitable throughout 2020, and both businesses well 
positioned to develop growth opportunities over the 
medium term. That we are  in this position is down 
to t he collective effort of  my colleagues from across 
PFG. Their energy, dedication and determination has enabled us to introduce innovative solutions 
for our customers and other stakeholders, enhance 
our digital strength and develop robust plans to 
help us  to navigate the next 12 months. However, as I mentioned earlier in my introduction, for the CCD, 2020 presented its business model with 
additional challenges which have impacted its 
customers and financial performance, and may have implications for its long-term viability. 
In the trading update that was published in 
November 2020, I informed the market that I had asked the CCD’s Managing Director to carry out an 
operational review of the business, with its findings 
to be announced when we publish our 2020 results. In the course of doing this, it was clear that the 
issue of heightened Claims Management Company 
(CMC) activity across our sector, leading to a rise 
in the number of customer complaints during the 
second half of 2020, needed to be addressed. 
This had seen the number of customer complaints 
referred to the Financial Ombudsmen Services (FOS) from across the UK home-collected credit 
sector increase by 200% during this period when 
compared to the figure for the first half of 2020. While colleagues from across CCE have worked 
tirelessly to deal with these complaints, the  impact 
that they are having on this business is  significant, 
and has resulted in around £25m of payments being made to customers during the period July 
to December 2020 (versus approximately £2.5m 
for the same period in 2019). In  addition, the Division 
has processed balance reductions on the accounts of home credit customers of c.£11m during the last 
six months of 2020 (versus around £1m of balance 
reductions processed during the second half of 2019).
As a consequence of this, we have decided to pursue 
a Scheme of Arrangement, under Part 26 of  the 
Companies Act 2006, in relation to potential redress 
claims arising from customer complaints based on 
historic lending at CCD prior to 17  December 2020. 
This Scheme is a legal process which is being proposed for the purpose of assessing and paying 
compensation, and we have provided further 
information about it on page  14 of this report. 
5At a glance Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020
customers will be able to vote on the Scheme in 
July 2021, which will lead to  a second hearing where 
the High Court will consider whether to approve the 
Scheme. We will update our stakeholders on our 
progress with the Scheme as appropriate.
In addition to this, we were also informed that the FCA 
has opened an investigation into the affordability 
and sustainability of the CCD’s lending and claims handling practices in the period between February 2020 and February 2021. While the appointment of 
investigators does not mean that the FCA has 
determined that rule breaches or any other contraventions have occurred, the CCD team will 
continue to work closely with the FCA in the coming 
months, including in relation to the investigation, which is unlikely to conclude until 2022.
Looking after our colleagues and 
communities during the pandemic
Throughout 2020, we have had our colleagues’ 
safety and wellbeing at the forefront of our 
mind.  This has seen us provide high-quality 
communication and information updates during 
the year to all colleagues, implement flexible work 
arrangements for those directly impacted by the pandemic or who are having to juggle work with 
other commitments such as home schooling, 
and ensure that our teams build time into their 
schedules so that they can provide social support 
to one another. To complement the Wellbeing Guide 
we updated and published in 2020, we also rolled 
out the Thrive app and a new Employee Assistance 
Programme to all colleagues to ensure that they are 
aware of where and how they can access mental health and psychological support services.
We have also looked beyond PFG to support our 
communities over the past 12 months. In doing so, we continued to fund our charity and community 
partners so that we could carry on supporting the 
communities we serve, some of whom have been disproportionately impacted by Covid-19. This 
involved us working with our education and skills 
partners to develop and deliver literacy and numeracy resources online or remotely to children PFG is in a strong position 
operationally to support the 
financial needs of our customers 
now, and over the coming months as restrictions start to be eased and consumers gradually regain 
their confidence.
Malcolm Le May 
Chief Executive Officerand young people who have not able to go 
to school because of lockdown restrictions.
I would like to give special mention to those 
inspirational colleagues from across PFG who 
put themselves forward throughout the course 
of the year to support the response to the 
pandemic. This  has seen colleagues give up 
their  time to deliver workshops and presentations 
to students who have missed out on aspects of 
their education,  provide learning resources to 
schoolchildren who are digitally excluded, make donations to foodbanks, and deliver shopping 
and prescriptions to the most vulnerable in our 
communities. They have, I believe, truly gone the extra mile to help put people on a path to a better 
everyday and, in doing so, continued the legacy of 
our founder Sir Joshua Waddilove of always looking out for our communities during the challenging periods of our 140-year history.
Our Purpose and culture
While it might have been easier for us to slow down the momentum we’ve built up over the past two 
years embedding our Blueprint within our business 
as we responded to the other challenges we’ve 
had to deal with in 2020, I was determined that this 
did not happen. I believe that it’s vitally important that we continue to understand the role that our 
business plays in the lives of our customers and 
wider society, and why that matters. To this end, 
we rolled out a new framework that will enable all 
of us to define and measure the behaviours that 
will ultimately change and improve our culture 
and performance. 
I also know that an important part of our Blueprint is about creating a culture that is open, inclusive 
and diverse. We want to ensure that our workplace 
is one where all colleagues can be themselves and which sees them be treated as equals wherever they work across PFG. To help us to do this, we 
launched our ‘Be Yourself’ programme during the 
course of the year, which is our Company-wide programme dedicated to promoting inclusion 
and diversity. As part of this, we established the 
PFG inclusion community, which is made up of four affinity groups based around disability, ethnicity, gender and LGBTQ+ to ensure that our colleagues 
help us to work towards our inclusion and diversity 
goals and ambitions.
We have also continued to ensure that, in moving 
to a more sustainable and inclusive path, we play our part in contributing to addressing the key global challenges of our time. As such, we have, 
in 2020, set long-term objectives which are aligned 
with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals that relate to ending poverty, improving 
inclusion and diversity, and ensuring children and 
adults can access quality education, and decent jobs and other economic opportunities. We have also underlined our commitment to responding to 
the climate emergency by setting out our ambition 
to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions.
Looking ahead 
While it is still too early for us to know what 
the outcomes of the Covid-19 pandemic and 
operational challenges we’re currently dealing 
with  will be, and what consequences there will 
be for PFG, its customers and the wider economy, 
I know that PFG is committed to supporting the 
financial needs of our customers now, and over the coming months as restrictions start to be eased 
and consumers gradually regain their confidence. 
As we do this, I remain committed to harnessing 
the commitment and passion of PFG to stay true to 
our Purpose and help our colleagues, communities 
and other key stakeholders emerge from these 
most difficult of times and stay on a path to 
a better everyday life. As ever, I welcome any 
feedback that you may have on this report and 
our approach to sustainability more generally, so 
please do not hesitate to get in touch with us on corporateresponsibility@providentfinancial.com .
Malcolm Le May 
Chief Executive Officer Provident Financial plcA message from our CEO continued
Responding to a challenging 2020  continued
For the Scheme to be established, it will need to be 
approved by the requisite majority of customers 
with redress claims and the sanction of the High 
Court. If approval is received, the Scheme, I believe, will ensure that customers with a legitimate claim get fair access to redress payments, and bring 
certainty for our other stakeholders. In pursuing this 
Scheme of Arrangement, we have engaged, and continue to engage, in dialogue with the FCA, who 
has made clear that it will not support the Scheme 
as it will not provide customers with full redress. That said, they have also stated they believe it is 
for CCD customers to decide whether the Scheme 
should proceed or not. We will continue to engage constructively with the FCA to resolve its concerns. 
If the Scheme is not approved, it is likely that 
the CCD will be placed into administration or 
liquidation. If this were to happen, there would 
be repercussions for CCD’s customers who would 
not be expected to receive any redress payments. There would also be implications for our colleagues 
and suppliers, which is why the proposed Scheme 
is considered by me and the rest of the Board to be in the best interests of our business and all its stakeholders. Subject to the decision of the High 
Court at its first hearing in April 2021, eligible 
6
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business

Q&A with our Head of Sustainability
I have been immensely proud 
of how PFG responded to the 
challenges that many of our 
stakeholders have faced as a 
result of the Covid-19 pandemic 
throughout 2020.
Rob Lawson
Head of SustainabilityThe Group’s Head of Sustainability, 
Rob Lawson, answers questions on 
our sustainability ambitions and performance during 2020, and other 
highlights of  the year, as well as key 
challenges for the next 5 to 10 years.
Q. What has 2020 meant for the sustainability 
agenda at Provident Financial Group?
A. The sustainability agenda was always going to 
be front and centre for PFG in 2020. As we started 
what is being dubbed the ‘decade of action’, our 
priority was to develop the plans that will enable 
us to accelerate progress towards responding to 
global issues such as climate change, inequality and poverty. This saw us, as you’ll see below, set a 
number of long-term objectives that are aligned 
with the United Nations SDGs, as well as set out our over-arching net-zero economy ambition. We did this because the Purpose of PFG that helps put 
customers on a path to a better everyday life 
through the responsible products our businesses offer also reflects the wider role that we play 
in society. But as we moved from February into March, it became clear that playing an active role in the 
response to Covid-19 was going to be an important 
part of our sustainability agenda. Not only in the context of adapting our business models so that we could continue to respond to the needs of 
customers and support those who experienced 
financial difficulties throughout the year as a result of the pandemic, but also in terms of helping our 
colleagues to work safely, healthily and flexibly 
during the challenging and uncertain times we’ve faced during 2020. Finally, it was essential that we remained committed to working with our charity 
and community partners throughout the year 
because of the role they play in both addressing community needs right now, as well as supporting 
the pandemic recovery process. This has enabled 
our partners, many of whom are directly providing frontline community support or disbursing grants to organisations involved in the emergency 
response to the pandemic, to continue to support the 
communities we serve, some of whom will be facing a tougher recovery from the impacts of Covid-19. 
While few would argue that dealing with the 
impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic has been one 
of the greatest challenges of our time which has 
spread so much suffering and destabilised the global economy, it has brought the sustainability agenda into sharper focus by exposing health and education inequalities, as well as the vulnerabilities 
of our business models and supply chains. It has also 
brought about changes to the way we do business and go about our lives, some of which have the 
potential to positively impact the sustainability 
agenda as we, for example, increase our use of technology, reduce the need to travel and further prioritise the mental health and wellbeing of our 
customers and colleagues. While we don’t quite 
know what the post-Covid-19 world will look like and how long it will take for us to get there, it seems that 
it does present us with an opportunity to ensure that 
we prioritise a sustainable approach to recovery, which takes account of environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors alongside more 
traditional financial metrics. 
Q. What have you been most proud of in 2020? 
A. I have been immensely proud of how PFG 
responded to the challenges that many of our 
stakeholders have faced as a result of the Covid-19 
pandemic throughout 2020. This saw us respond quickly to the lockdown restrictions and adapt our lending and collections practices so that we could 
keep supporting the financial needs of our customers. 
While we did this, we prioritised the safeguarding 
of our colleagues by introducing work-at-home 
arrangements and putting in place measures 
to protect those individuals performing essential 
functions in our offices from the risk of  exposure to 
Covid-19. To support colleagues’ mental health and 
wellbeing during the year, and  to complement the 
work that has seen the launch of a new Group-wide Employee Assistance Programme and issuing 
of regular guidance and advice which relates to 
Covid-19, we also gave all the Group’s colleagues free access to Thrive, the UK’s only NHS-approved 
wellbeing app. 
Finally, I’m proud of the way we continued to 
support our Social Impact Programme partners 
throughout the pandemic. With Rob Lawson, Head of SustainabilityQ A &&
7
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business

We have established long-term 
objectives which are aligned 
with  the SDGs that relate to 
No Poverty, Quality Education, 
Gender Equality, Decent Work and Economic Growth, and 
Reduced Inequalities, as well 
as set out our ambition to 
achieve net-zero carbon 
dioxide  emissions and meet the 
recommendations of the TCFD.
Rob Lawson
Head of SustainabilityQ. What have you been most proud of in 
2020?  continued
From working with them to derestrict our funding 
so that it can be repurposed for use in areas of 
immediate need, to adapting the advice and 
support that is usually delivered to recipients 
face-to-face in local schools and colleges, 
community centres or in our offices, so that it can be delivered online or remotely using technology, we have looked beyond our business as we mobilised 
PFG to respond and support the recovery effort.
And while we’ve been doing this, we have 
continued the work that will enable us to contribute 
to the building of a sustainable future by setting challenging, long-term objectives which relate 
to the five UN SDGs we prioritised last year, 
and initiated work that will see us meeting 
the recommendations of the Taskforce on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Q. How does this agenda inform the Group’s 
Purpose and culture?
A. I have always worked on the basis that our 
Purpose of helping to put people on a path to a 
better everyday life is not just about providing our 
customers with the tailored and affordable credit products that meet their particular needs and enable them to do the things they want to do in 
their lives. This is clearly an important part of why 
we exist and the role we play in ensuring that consumers are financially included. But being a 
purpose-led business also means that we have 
deeper connections with the other stakeholders that we touch. It is therefore essential that, in operating our business in accordance with our 
Purpose, we create an inclusive workplace culture 
for our colleagues, treat our suppliers fairly and operate with integrity, as well as play our part 
in addressing the key sustainability challenges 
of our time such as climate change, inequality 
and inclusive economic growth. Q. Which people (or stakeholders) are 
interested in the Group’s sustainability 
performance? 
A. Stakeholders’ interest in PFG’s sustainability – 
or ESG – performance has increased over the past 
five years. It is certainly a topic that is of interest 
for PFG’s Board, which is one of the reasons why we 
established our Customer, Culture and Ethics (CCE) 
Committee in 2019. It is also of great interest to both 
our current and future colleagues who are not only 
increasingly considering a company’s sustainability performance when deciding where to work, but also have a key role to play as the advocates 
and enablers of ESG change within the Company. 
The trend of ESG investing continues to gain momentum as more investors seek to understand 
whether the companies they invest in are exposed 
to environmental and governance-related risks. Interestingly, the Covid-19 pandemic has heightened investors’ interest in the ‘S’ in ESG, 
in particular, issues such as health, safety and 
wellbeing, labour standards and responsible purchasing practices. Finally, our regulators and 
Government are increasingly interested in our 
response to global issues such as climate change, inequality and mental health and wellbeing. Q. What are your main sustainability 
challenges for 2021 and beyond? 
A. While a key priority for us in 2021 will be to continue to supporting customers, colleagues and 
communities to respond to, and recover from, the 
impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic, I recognise that there are other global issues that will shape PFG over the course of the next decade. This is why we 
have established long-term objectives which are 
aligned with the SDGs that relate to No Poverty, Quality Education, Gender Equality, Decent Work 
and Economic Growth, and Reduced Inequalities, 
as well as set out our ambition to achieve net-zero carbon dioxide emissions and meet the recommendations of the TCFD. When we report our 
sustainability performance in the coming years, our 
focus will be to show our stakeholders that we are committed to managing both material ESG issues, 
as well as contributing to the agenda for sustainable 
and inclusive growth through to 2030.
If you have queries about our CR programme, 
please do not hesitate to contact us on corporateresponsibility@providentfinancial.com .
Rob Lawson
Head of SustainabilityProvident Financial plcQ&A with our Head of Sustainability continued
8
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business

Our commitment 
In this section
10  Our sustainability strategy
12  Continuing to embed our Blueprint
19  Our commitment to the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals
20  Our sustainability targetsThe Purpose, strategic drivers and behaviours that make up our Blueprint are at the 
heart of PFG’s approach to the sustainable growth of our business. This is not only about 
continuing to provide our customers with the responsible credit products and services 
that meet their particular needs, it is also about ensuring that we address the social, 
environmental and ethical challenges facing our business and the society at large.to delivering a 
sustainable future 
9
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 9
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Our sustainability 
strategy 
Our Purpose of helping to put people on a path to a better 
everyday life goes beyond the traditional concept of mission, vision and values; it articulates our reason for being, and helps differentiate the Company and contributes to the generation 
of trust among all our key stakeholders.
This Purpose encompasses the wide-ranging role that PFG has in providing solutions 
to global challenges and benefiting wider society, which positively expresses how, at 
the core of our business, we seek to create value for all our stakeholders in a way that 
supports the environmental and social systems we rely upon, by contributing to a 
sustainable future.
Our sustainability strategy , which we launched over five years ago, is aligned with 
this Purpose and centres on the following two areas: 
 –Operating our business of lending to our customers in a responsible manner – 
we provide our customers with credit products that meet their particular needs, 
deliver fair outcomes throughout their journeys with us, and put them on a path 
to a better everyday life. 
 –Acting responsibly and sustainably in all our stakeholder relationships – we respond 
to the needs of our stakeholders by creating a fair, inclusive and diverse workplace, 
supporting our local communities, responding to climate change, treating suppliers 
fairly, and engaging with them on other ESG  matters.
To further link our Purpose with the sustainability agenda, we aligned our strategy 
with  five of the United Nations SDGs in 2020 (see  page s 19 to 21 for further information 
about our contribution to these goals). 
By doing this, we are seeking to further demonstrate how our Purpose and business 
strategy activity contribute toward the achievement of these important, global 
objectives and  move us on a more sustainable and inclusive path.
Read more online www.providentfinancial.com
10
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 10
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
The day-to-day delivery of the PFG CR programme 
is carried out by the Group’s CR team, which is 
supported by colleagues from across the CCD, 
Moneybarn and Vanquis Bank. This includes the colleagues who sit on the various working groups we have in place and oversee the management of 
environmental and community investment matters.
Towards the end of 2020, we established a new 
Climate Risk Committee to help us to meet the 
recommendations of the TCFD by strengthening our capabilities in climate risk and speeding up 
the integration of climate considerations into 
our existing risk management framework. This 
Committee, which is chaired by PFG’s Chief Risk Officer, will ensure that our climate risk work gets 
fed into other forums that currently play a role in 
our approach to risk management such as the Group Executive Committee, Group Executive Risk Committee and Cross-Divisional Risk Forum (for 
more information, go to page  45).
Our CCE Committee also continues to play a key role in providing oversight of matters that relate to 
the sustainability agenda. The Committee is now chaired by Non-Executive Director Graham Lindsay 
and its members include other Non-Executive 
Directors, Elizabeth Chambers, Margot James 
and Robert East. Through active participation in 
Committee meetings by key senior management members, such as the CEO, Group General Counsel 
and Company Secretary, Group Communications The governance and management structures we have in place within our business ensure that we 
are able to continue to align the Group’s culture more closely to the developing needs of the 
customer. It also enables us to oversee the 
development, embedding and monitoring of 
the culture and ethics of the Group with regard 
to a range of other matters which relate to the 
CR agenda, and ensure we operate our business 
in a way that is consistent with being a trusted, 
responsible and sustainable business.
Overall responsibility for the delivery of PFG’s 
Purpose and the sustainability strategy that it 
is closely aligned with, rests with the Provident 
Financial plc Board generally and Malcolm Le May, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), specifically. The 
PFG Executive Committee, which is chaired by the 
CEO, and includes the Group’s Chief Finance Officer, General Counsel and Company Secretary, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Information Officer, Corporate 
Communications Director, HR Director, Chief Internal 
Auditor and Managing Directors of the operating companies, also plays an important role as it 
reviews and approves aspects of the responsible 
business programme and its budget. This Committee also continues to be tasked with overseeing the ongoing development, embedding 
and monitoring of the culture and ethics of the 
Group, ensuring they are consistent with being 
a trusted, responsible and sustainable business.In satisfying itself that the culture 
of PFG is aligned with its Purpose, 
Blueprint and strategy, the CCE 
Committee regularly reviews 
the metrics that are included 
in the Customer Outcome and 
Blueprint Dashboards that are tabled at each meeting. 
Graham Lindsay 
Customer, Culture and  Ethics Committee ChairmanSustainability governance and management 
Effective governance and
management
structures
Director and Head of Sustainability, the Committee 
is able to effectively challenge and discuss the 
embedding of our culture and the delivery of fair 
customer outcomes.
In satisfying itself that the culture of PFG is aligned 
with its Purpose, Blueprint and strategy, the CCE Committee regularly reviews the metrics that are included in the Customer Outcome and Blueprint 
Dashboards that are tabled at each meeting. The 
Committee members also listen to customer calls and provide feedback on whether fair customer 
outcomes have been achieved, as well as review 
the findings of PFG’s Colleague Engagement Surveys. In 2020, the Committee also reviewed and recommended to the Board the approval of the 
Group’s Modern Slavery Statement, considered the 
Group’s stakeholders and their materiality through a stakeholder mapping exercise, evaluated the 
support provided by the Group to colleagues and 
local communities in response to the Covid-19 pandemic, and approved PFG’s objectives/targets that are aligned with both the United Nations SDGs 
and the recommendations of the TCFD. For further 
information, refer to the report on the work of the CCE Committee on page s 131 and 132 of our 2020 
Annual Report and Financial Statements .Further information on 
the CCE Committee and 
our workforce panels can 
be found in our   
Annual Report
11
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 11
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Our Blueprint, which comprises our Purpose, strategic drivers and 
behaviours, articulates PFG’s reason for being. It is also key to the sustainability of PFG and a cornerstone of our sustainable growth strategy, helping to differentiate our business and contributing 
to the building of trust among our key stakeholders.Continuing to  
embed our Blueprint
To find out more on our Blueprint visit:  
www.providentfinancial.comThroughout 2020, we continued to integrate the Blueprint 
we launched in 2018 into the fabric of the business. This 
saw us publish guides for colleagues and managers which 
embed our  Blueprint behaviours within our performance 
management  frameworks.
These guides set out for our colleagues: 
 –What good looks like – If we want to change and improve our culture and 
performance, we have to be able to define and measure the behaviours that 
will get us there, as well as those that will hold us back.
 –Clear expectations  – In order to be effective, the conversations we have with our 
colleagues, our teams and ourselves need to be carried out with this agreed set 
of principles clearly in mind.
 –Unity across the Group  – We’re all working to achieve the same purpose, so it’s 
essential our performance is measured and rewarded against the same criteria 
regardless of where we sit in the organisation.
 –Consistency at all levels – Colleagues, managers and senior leaders each have their 
own set of behaviours that scale in line with expectation and responsibility; this gives individuals clearer sight of what they need to do in order to progress. 
To accompany these guides we also rolled out an e-learning module to all colleagues 
across the Group.
We continue to use our annual Colleague Engagement Survey to track how our Blueprint 
continues to embed with our colleagues from across PFG. We do this through the Better 
Everyday Index we developed in 2019 which enables us to understand colleagues’ 
understanding of, and engagement with, our purpose. This Index focuses on:
 –our purpose and how it makes colleagues feel about their work;
 –whether colleagues can be themselves at work;
 –understanding whether colleagues have the freedom they need to get on with their jobs;
 –colleague recognition;
 –whether things have changed for the better at PFG over the last 12 months;
 –the leadership team, their behaviours and whether they listen to colleagues;
 –PFG’s willingness to change;
 –PFG’s commitment to being a socially and environmentally responsible company; and
 –our commitment to doing the right thing for our customers.
12
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 12
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
88%
of colleagues either agree or 
strongly agree that they understand our Purpose and what it is trying to achieve82%
of colleagues either agree or strongly agree that they feel people help and support each other at PFG77%
of colleagues either agree or strongly agree that they know how the work they do helps PFG 
to achieve its vision
The Group has been providing financial inclusion for consumers whose needs are not well met by 
mainstream lenders for nearly 140 years, since the Company was founded in Bradford in 1880. We are 
a responsible lender providing tailored products and service propositions for 2.1 million customers 
throughout the UK and ROI. 
As a specialist lender, tailored products and services are offered to customers across three divisions – 
Vanquis Bank, Moneybarn and the CCD. Each division operates with the aim of supporting the financial inclusion of customers through lending responsibly. We achieve this by providing our customers with 
appropriate and affordable amounts of credit, maintaining close contact with them throughout the 
term  of their loan, and working with them sympathetically if they experience difficulties.The customers   
we serve 
This market is large; there are around one in five UK adults, or 10–12 million people, 
looking  to access credit but who are not well served by mainstream lenders. 
The consumers in this market may not be well served by mainstream providers 
for a number of reasons, including:
Experienced a significant life event 
(e.g. job loss, ill health, divorce).
New to credit or new to the UK and 
therefore have little or no credit history.
Looking to build or rebuild their 
credit rating.Managing on below-average incomes 
with  limited savings, meaning unforeseen 
expenses can be challenging.
Have variable incomes (e.g. self-employed, 
on a zero-hours contract, have multiple 
part-time jobs).
Value a more tailored product and service.Our customersOur customers’ typical characteristics
Not working/benefits/part-time  
and casualFull-time salaried/15–20%  
self-employed
Below national average (£10–15k) Around national average (£20–30k)
Rented accommodation/  
social housingRenters/c.20% mortgages
Limited or no savings Some savings for specific goals
35–64 years 18–34 years 25–44 years 35–54 years
>80% 100% 100% 100%Income  
source
Income  
levels
Housing
SavingsTypical  
age
Bank 
account
13
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 13
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
To provide customers with a legitimate claim with 
support on the Scheme, we have set up a call centre 
where colleagues are able to run through any frequently asked questions. We are also in the process of contacting customers by post and email, and have established a portal on a dedicated website so that we 
can provide them with up-to-date details on the Scheme. CCD operational review –  
Scheme of Arrangement
Scheme of Arrangement explained
We are pursuing a Scheme of Arrangement, under 
Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006, in relation to 
potential redress claims arising from customer 
creditworthiness complaints based on historic lending at CCD prior to 17 December 2020. The proposed Scheme is a court-approved agreement 
between ourselves and our creditors, and we have 
engaged in dialogue with the FCA in order to get 
to the point where it is being pursued. 
For the Scheme to be established, it will need to 
be approved by the requisite majority of customers 
with redress claims and the sanction of the High Court. Customers will be able to vote for or against 
the Scheme from early May 2021, and the Scheme 
Meeting to count the votes will take place in July 2021. Following on, CCD will then need to ask the Court to approve the Scheme, and it will become 
effective if the Court approves it.
If approved, a Scheme will bring certainty for 
stakeholders and ensure that customers with 
a legitimate claim get fair access to redress 
payments. The Group will fund legitimate Scheme 
claims with £50m and will cover further Scheme 
related costs estimated at approximately £15m. 
If approval is gained, this total commitment will 
be met out of PFG’s existing resources.
What complaints are covered by the 
proposed Scheme? 
The Scheme is for complaints about unaffordable 
lending. This covers those circumstances where a 
customer was unable to afford the loan because 
CCD did not carry out the right checks to make 
sure  that they could afford the loan at that time. 
All complaints of this type for loans issued between 
6 April 2007 and 17 December 2020 (inclusive) will be dealt with by the Scheme.PFG plans to process all outstanding relevant claims, as well as new relevant claims received before 
the proposed Scheme is sanctioned, under the 
Scheme, rather than on an ordinary course of business basis. For customers who have not 
received a Final Response Letter as of 15 March 2021, 
the relevant claims will be processed under the Scheme. For any customer who took out a loan after 17 December 2020 any claims in respect 
of such a loan will be processed outside of the 
Scheme. The Group believes that handling all outstanding and new relevant claims pursuant 
to the proposed Scheme in this manner would 
ensure a fairer and more equitable outcome for all customers, although redress payments ultimately 
determined may be significantly less than the 
amount claimed. Rising costs of customer complaints
As part of our third-quarter trading update in November 2020, we communicated to the market 
our intention to initiate an operational review of 
CCD, to be carried about by Hamish Paton, the Division’s Managing Director, and his team. In the context of Covid-19, and evolving regulatory 
landscape for the high-cost credit market and 
rising volumes of customer complaints driven by CMCs, it was clear that CCD needed to evolve its 
business model in order to continue to deliver value 
to our stakeholders and provide sustainable returns to shareholders.
In the course of carrying out this review, it became 
clear that CCD needed to address the issue of 
rising  customer complaints for loans which may 
have been incorrectly issued. This issue was also happening more broadly across the high-cost 
short-term credit sector, with the number of 
customer complaints referred to the Financial Ombudsmen Services from the UK home-collected credit sector increasing by 200% during the second 
half of 2020 when compared to the figure for the first 
half of 2020. This, in turn, has resulted in CCD making around £25m of payments to customers during the 
period July to December 2020 (versus approximately 
£2.5m for the same period in 2019). In addition, the Division has processed balance reductions on the accounts of home credit customers of c.£11m during 
the last six months of 2020 (versus around £1m of 
balance reductions processes for the second half 
of 2019). The operational review determined that 
because of CCD’s financial performance (it had been on track to break even on a run rate basis in 
2020, following it being loss making since 2017) along 
with the rapidly increasing number of complaints claims which are being received, meant it could no longer afford to continue to pay all customer redress 
claims in full. As a consequence, on 15 March 2021, 
we informed the market of our decision to launch 
a Scheme of Arrangement to address the liability 
of ongoing customer complaints.If the Scheme is not approved, it is likely that CCD will be placed into administration or liquidation. If 
this were to happen, there would be repercussions 
for CCD’s customers who would not be expected to receive any redress payments. There would also be implications for our colleagues, suppliers and other 
stakeholders. Therefore, the proposed Scheme is 
considered by the PFG Board to be in the best interests of CCD, the Group and our stakeholders.
14
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 14
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Acting responsibly and sustainably in our 
stakeholder relationships
In order to operate in accordance with our Purpose 
of helping to put people on a path to a better 
everyday life, continue to maintain our ‘licence 
to operate’ from society, and for our directors 
to continue to meet their legal obligations, it is 
important that we act responsibly and sustainably 
in the relationships we have with our key stakeholders. 
These have been identified as being our customers, 
colleagues, communities, suppliers, investors (both debt and equity), regulators and government, as well as the environment. We engage with these key 
stakeholders in the ongoing running of our business 
to ensure that we understand any views and concerns they may have, making sure to factor 
them into decision making processes as and 
when  it is appropriate to do so.
Further information on how each of these 
key stakeholders is relevant to PFG, along with 
examples  of reasons why we engage with them 
on an ongoing basis, is set out opposite.Engaging with  
our stakeholders
Stakeholder Relevance to PFG Reason for engagement
Customers –To ensure that we are providing our customers with 
opportunities to access products and services that are 
transparent, responsible and sustainable, and which 
meet  their specific needs.  –To measure customer engagement across PFG, including: 
customer satisfaction surveys, Net Promoter Score surveys 
and complaints monitoring through online forums, phone calls, 
face-to-face surveys and focus groups.
 –To engage with customers on a daily basis to responsibly lend and provide tailored products, assess customer vulnerability 
and address any complaints. 
 –To support product and service development and innovation.
Colleagues –Our colleagues have a direct stake in our company. They interact directly with our customers and therefore support 
the delivery of our Purpose, and they create and deliver 
the products and services that our current and future 
customers will consume. They also have a key role to play 
in supporting the development of a diverse, open and 
inclusive workplace culture where everyone is a valued 
member of PFG. –To ensure that we maintain high levels of colleague engagement.
 –To support our employment practices to enable us to attract, retain and develop the talent we need to help us deliver 
our Purpose.
 –To provide a stimulating and rewarding working environment.
Communities –To enable us to engage with the communities we serve to address factors, including lack of literacy or numeracy skills; 
disabilities and/or mental health issues; unemployment or 
under-employment; low levels of educational attainment; and low, uncertain or fluctuating incomes. –To ensure that we fulfil our Purpose of helping to put people on a path to a better everyday life by investing in activities which seek 
to address key barriers to financial inclusion and helping people 
overcome them.
 –To encourage colleagues to volunteer to take part in our community investment activities.
Suppliers –Our suppliers play a vital role in our operations and so it is important that we develop strong relationships with them 
and only buy products and services from those who operate 
responsibly. Strong relationships with suppliers can also mitigate risk in our supply chain.  –To engage with suppliers to identify and manage supply chain risks and comply with our own policy requirements and meet 
legislative requirements such as the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
 –To maintain good, long-term relationships with suppliers so that 
we have the products, services and skills required to run our business.
 –To ensure prompt payment of invoices.
15
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 15
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Stakeholder Relevance to PFG Reason for engagement
Investors –It is key that we meet with shareholders and engage with 
investors, the owners of the Group, to maintain their support 
and to keep them updated on the Group’s progress in 
delivering its Purpose, sustainable shareholder returns, strategy, governance and culture. –To provide accurate and timely information such as regular financial statements and other material announcements.
 –To maintain investors’ support by keeping them updated 
on the Group’s progress in delivering its Purpose, sustainable 
shareholder returns, strategy, governance and culture.
 –To engage with the investment community on CR matters 
by responding to requests for information and through our 
inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, Dow Jones Sustainability Europe Index, and the FTSE4Good Index Series.
Regulators and  
Government  –The nature of our customer base and the market in which we specialise makes the building and maintaining of open and 
trusting dialogue with our regulators, the PRA, FCA and CBI, the 
FRC and FOS, as well as with policy makers and government critical to the sustainability of our business model. –To build strong and enduring relationships with our regulators and government agencies to influence our strategic thinking 
and enable us to plan for regulatory change with greater 
certainty and confidence.
 –To maintain a sustainable business model and our reputation 
as a responsible lender.
 –To ensure compliance with regulations and avoiding disputes and prosecutions.
The Environment –To ensure that the impacts that PFG has on the environment, whether directly as a result of the energy that we use, or 
indirectly through the activities in our supply chains or the 
use of our products, are kept to a minimum. –To demonstrate to our stakeholders (e.g. investors, regulators, government and colleagues) that we continue to meet the 
requirements of ISO 14001 and are seeking to minimise our 
impact on the environment.
 –To report in line with the recommendations of the TCFD by 2022.Engaging with our stakeholders continued
In accordance with sustainability 
reporting best practice, we also 
continue to engage with our 
stakeholders to ensure that we manage and report on the CR issues that matter most to them 
and our business.
16
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 16
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
In 2020, to help us understand the nature of all our 
stakeholders’ influence and interest in our business 
objectives and strategy, we undertook a stakeholder 
mapping exercise. This exercise enabled us to identify those stakeholders with the highest influence and interest in our business and therefore reconfirm 
which are the key stakeholder relationships we 
should continue to focus on. The stakeholder map that resulted from this exercise is set out below. The 
other stakeholders that were identified as a result of 
this exercise include the media, claims management companies, the money advice sector, consumer forums and trade associations. These are also 
important stakeholders for our business which is 
why we engage with them to ensure that no issues 
are arising from their perspective, and to help us 
to improve our products, services and the way 
we operate.It is also important that the Provident Financial plc 
Board interacts with our key stakeholders. Further 
information on how the Board engages with our 
key stakeholders, along with details of the topics and 
issues on which we engage them, and the outcomes 
and actions of the engagement activities are set out 
in our Section 172 Statement on page s 91 to 98 of our 
2020 Annual Report and Financial Statements .
2021 materiality assessment
To ensure that we produce sustainability reports in 
accordance with best practice, we engage with our 
stakeholders to ensure that we manage and report 
on the ESG issues that matter most to them and our business. We do this by undertaking a materiality assessment at least every two years to identify 
and prioritise the ESG issues that are material to 
the Group. Our most recent materiality assessment 
was undertaken in the first quarter of 2021 by the independent sustainability management 
consultancy Corporate Citizenship. The issues 
that were identified as a result of the materiality 
assessment exercise have been plotted on the matrix which is set out overleaf. Engaging with our stakeholders continued
MonitorKeep satisfied
Keep informedManage closely
Interest High LowStakeholder map
Environment
CompetitorsCustomersColleaguesCMCsGovernmentSuppliersRegulatorsInvestors (equity)Investors (debt)
Consumer Forums
Trade AssociationsMoney Advice Sector Communities
MediaInfluence
17
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 17
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Engaging with our stakeholders continued
Following the materiality assessment exercise we undertook 
during the first quarter of 2021, we confirmed that customer vulnerability, responsible lending practices and customer satisfaction and care were the issues that rated highest in importance to both our business and our stakeholders. 
The exercise also identified the pandemic, climate change, 
diversity and inclusion, and mental health and wellbeing as issues that have grown in importance for both internal and external stakeholders since we last updated our materiality matrix, because of their potential to impact our future 
business performance and prospects.  
Materiality matrix
EnvironmentSocialBusiness
Importance to the businessImportance to stakeholders
Macro social trends
Responsible procurementCommunity contributionsLiving standardsCustomer vulnerability
Customer satisfaction and customer care
Accountability and transparencyResponsible lending practices
Ethical business conduct
Governance and managementDiversity and inclusionFinancial inclusion
Future of workCovid-19
Climate change
Mental health and wellbeing
18
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 18
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Our commitment to  the 
UN Sustainable Development Goals 
In aligning our sustainability strategy to the 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), we focus our efforts on the Goals where our contribution can have the most impact. These are: Goal 1 No Poverty, Goal 4 Quality Education, Goal 5 Gender Equality, Goal 8 Decent Work and Economic Growth and Goal 10 Reduced Inequalities. In doing this, we can 
demonstrate how, in the day-to-day running of  o ur 
business, we contribute towards the achievement on these important, global objectives and move us on 
a mor e sustainable and inclusive path. Integration 
of t he SDGs into our business strategy and plans 
also e nables us to strengthen the  i dentification and 
management of material risks and opportunities, 
Our Sustainable  
Development Goals
Our Purpose
Helping to put people on a path to a better everyday life
Our sustainability strategy
Lending responsibly
Provide our customers with the credit 
products that meet their particular needs 
a
nd deliver fair customer outcomes 
throughout their journey with usActing sustainably
–Create an inclusive and engaging workplace
–Support our Purpose through our Social
Impact Programme
–Respond to climate change
–Ensure that we treat our suppliers fairly
–Engage with the investment community 
on s ustainability  m atters
–Remain a responsible taxpayeranticipate consumer trends and demand as 
consumption and production patterns change, attract, retain and develop the best colleagues, 
and s trengthen our supply chains by, for example, 
reducing their exposure to the effects of climate change and depletion of natural resources.
This does not mean that the other 12 SDGs are less 
important than the five we’ve prioritised, as we do, in delivering on our sustainability strategy, contribute to many of them. For example, through our commitment to minimise PFG’s impact on the environment, we contribute to Goal 12 Responsible Consumption 
and P roduction and Goal 13 Climate Action.
19
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 19
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Below and overleaf are the Group’s new sustainability targets. These targets have been created based  
on the SDGs that we believe we can have most impact on. In addition to this, you will also find the  Group’s new climate change-related objective; achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2040.Our sustainability  
targets
SDG and aim Relevance of SDG PFG objective/target PFG’s main 2020 actions and achievements 
No Poverty
To end poverty in  all its forms 
everywhere.To reduce people living in poverty, 
and improve access to appropriate 
financial services and technology.By 2030, we will contribute to ending poverty 
in all its forms everywhere, by ensuring our 
customers have access to cost-effective and 
appropriate products for their needs and supporting them through financial difficulty.Our Purpose is help to put people on a path to a better everyday life by addressing the key barriers to financial inclusion. We do this primarily by ensuring that our 2.1 
million customers have access to cost-effective and appropriate products that 
meet their specific needs. We also invest in activities and initiatives that address key factors which may affect someone’s likelihood of being accepted for credit. 
To contribute to this goal in 2020, we supported IncomeMax, a community interest 
company that helps people, some of whom are experiencing financial difficulties, to maximise their household income. Through the partnership that IncomeMax has 
with Vanquis Bank, customers receive independent personal money to help them 
take control of their finances and help them reduce their household bills and increase their income. We also worked with The Money Charity to deliver financial education workshops to help children and young people to develop their 
budgeting and money management skills.
Quality Education
To ensure inclusive and equitable 
quality education and promote lifelong 
learning opportunities for  all.To improve access to quality early 
childhood development, increase 
the number of youth and adults 
who have relevant skills, achieve literacy and numeracy.By 2030, we will contribute to ensuring inclusive and equitable quality education 
and promote lifelong learning opportunities 
for all by partnering with organisations that will help to equip children and adults with essential skills and knowledge that will allow 
them to excel in many different directions.To contribute to this Goal we support children, young people and adults to boost 
their education, skills and aspirations. The work we have already done to support 
Quality Education includes being the lead supporter of National Numeracy and 
their National Numeracy Day Campaigns. These campaigns look to raise awareness 
of the importance of numeracy and help people take steps to improve their numeracy 
skills. We also continue to support National Literacy Trust to help develop the literacy skills of young people and give them the confidence and desire to widen their 
aspirations. Finally, through our work with School Home Support, we place practitioners 
in schools to work with young people and their families who need support to overcome challenges at home such as poverty, poor housing, domestic violence and other complex issues in order to get into school. We help to provide support 
in schools in Bradford and Chatham, where persistent absence levels are high.
Gender Equality
To achieve gender equality and 
empower all women and girls.To promote more women into 
senior level positions, and reduce 
the gender pay gap.By 2024, we will have 40% female 
representation in the Group’s senior 
management population.PFG’s senior management population currently has 27% female representation as 
defined by virtue of being a Women in Finance Charter signatory. The key actions 
we undertook throughout 2020 to support this SDG include: Delivering our Next 
Generation Women’s Leadership Programme to a second cohort to help strengthen the female talent pipeline at the senior/middle management level; improving our reporting capability through better data collection by creating a standardised 
approach across the Group for a range of  diversity strands; and setting up affinity 
groups linked to gender.
20
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 20
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Our sustainability  targets continued
SDG and aim Relevance of SDG PFG objective/target PFG’s main 2020 actions and achievements 
Decent Work and Economic Growth
To promote sustained, inclusive and 
sustainable economic growth, full and 
productive employment and decent 
work for all.To ensure full and productive work, 
equal pay for work of equal value, 
expand access to financial services, 
support economic growth.By 2030, we will contribute to promoting sustained, inclusive and sustainable 
economic growth, full and productive 
employment and decent work for all by creating opportunities for all generations and protecting and promoting labour rights 
in both our business and supply chains.Through our Social Impact Programme, we aim to promote sustained, inclusive 
and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent 
work for all by creating opportunities for all generations. We are a founding funder 
of the Social Mobility Business Partnership which provides an innovative programme bringing together large corporate organisations and professional sports clubs to remove barriers, develop skills and provide experiences to sixth 
form and college students from disadvantaged backgrounds. The programme 
helps build aspirations and inspire them to pursue a career in a profession which they may not have previously considered. We also support charities and other 
organisations in the communities we serve to help people to develop their skills 
and secure employment opportunities. For example, in 2020, we funded the Wecock Community Association in Hampshire to provide advice to young 
people  who are not in education, employment or training (NEET) to access work 
opportunities, and our colleagues volunteered their time to deliver CV writing 
and job interview skills to young people in Bradford.
Reduced Inequalities 
To reduce inequality within 
and among  countries.To provide an inclusive and secure workplace for all and address key 
barriers to financial and social 
inclusion and help people overcome them.By 2030, we will contribute to reducing inequality by building our capabilities to 
better identify, support and empower our 
stakeholders who may face inequality and exclusion whether it is because of their age/sex/gender identity/race/ethnicity/origin/
disability/ability/where they live or what 
their  economic status is.Through this Goal, our aim is to contribute to reducing inequality by building 
our capabilities to better identify, support and empower our stakeholders who 
may face inequality and exclusion. We do this by supporting community projects 
in areas where people are more likely to face social and financial exclusion by 
providing them grants to support local people in improving aspects of their life. 
For example, we provided a grant to the Refugee and Migrant Forum of East 
London to enable it to deliver immigration casework to disadvantaged young 
refugees and migrants who are entitled to be in the UK but cannot afford to 
regularise their status. We also support the Newport Yemeni Community 
Association in Wales to deliver an online homework club that allows children from the Yemeni community to engage with tutors and access support in key subjects such as Maths, English and Science. We also seek to ensure that we create a 
workplace culture at PFG which aims reduce inequalities. In 2020, this saw us 
launch our overall inclusion community which comprises four affinity groups based around disability, ethnicity, gender and LGBTQ+ to discuss inclusion and 
diversity plans, developments and proposals across the Group.
Aim of TCFD recommendation Relevance of TCFD recommendation PFG target What will our stakeholders think? Monitoring progress
TCFD
To support the UK’s transition to a 
net-zero economy and take urgent 
action to tackle climate change and 
its impacts.To strengthen businesses’ resilience 
and adaptive capacity to climate-
related risks.To achieve net-zero carbon dioxide 
emissions by 2040.Provident Financial is committed to minimising its environmental impacts 
as well as playing a role in moving the 
UK economy to net zero.Progress will be monitored by:
 –continuing to reduce the environmental impacts of 
our operations;
 –committing to use 100% renewable electricity across the Group; and
 –calculating and offsetting our scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.
21
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Responsibility strategy
 21
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Supporting customers by
In this section
23  Serving our customers in a responsible manner
25  Improving customer satisfaction rates
27  Supporting customers in vulnerable  situationsOur Purpose is to help put people on a  path to a better 
everyday life. To do this, we provide customers with 
opportunities to borrow a  sensible amount in a transparent, 
responsible and  sustainable way.lending 
responsibly
Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly 22
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Serving our customers
in a responsible manner
The Group’s core business is to provide tailored and responsible 
products, services and partnerships that help put our customers on a path to a better everyday life. The 2.1 million customers 
we are proud to serve come from all across the UK and ROI.
The employment status of our customers can vary and, due to their personal 
circumstances, they can be in receipt of state support. As a result, they typically 
have  low to average incomes. Some of them have also had to deal with significant 
life events such as divorce, loss of a job, long-term illness and other challenges 
which,  given that they have low to average incomes, can occasionally cause them 
to fall behind with their financial commitments. This can cause their credit files to 
be impaired and contribute to them being underserved or totally excluded by 
mainstream credit providers.
The products, services and partnerships that we offer through our three divisions 
are therefore tailor-made to meet the particular needs of our customers. In general, 
the approach we take to providing credit to our customers involves lending smaller 
amounts over shorter periods of time. Under this approach, new customers to Vanquis 
Bank, Satsuma and Provident home credit get lower credit limits, or smaller, shorter-
term loans to begin with. This enables us to observe and understand the behaviour 
of our customers before we consider granting further lending and it also enables the 
customers to experience our products and see if they suit their needs. It  also enables 
our customers to enter or re-enter the credit market, stay in control of  their finances 
and build credit scores for greater future access and choice. In the case of Moneybarn, 
where a vehicle is held as security, we are able to lend more credit for longer periods.
Read more 
Handling our customer complaints responsibly  26
Working with the money advice sector  27
How we manage arrears  29
Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly 23
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Provident Direct case study
The Covid-19 pandemic has underlined how important technology 
is in keeping us connected with our customers. 
A great example of this is Provident Direct. By using technology, we 
were able to bring the best of our face-to-face service in lending with 
a Continuous Payment Authority (CPA) then used for future agreed 
payments. The lockdown restrictions that have been in place during 2020 meant that the face-to-face relationship that customers have with their customer representative (CR) was prevented. Despite this, 
our CRs continued to support customers remotely and the national 
roll-out of Provident Direct, which was achieved by March 2020, provided a remote lending solution for existing customers. Customers 
were also offered greater control with a wider range of remote loan 
disbursement and repayment options (including the introduction of e-Disbursement – a loan transfer directly into the customer’s bank account) and a choice of collection methods, including CPA, an 
automated payment line and debit card payments taken by the 
CR either in the home when permitted or over the phone.Vanquis Bank and LOQBOX collaboration
Vanquis Bank has launched a new collaboration with LOQBOX that will 
help more UK consumers to build their credit score, save money and 
make themselves eligible for credit. The Bank will now refer applicants 
that it cannot immediately offer a credit card to, to credit builder LOQBOX, giving them a chance to build a credit score and eventually be able to access credit. This is the first time two financial institutions 
have partnered to offer initially unsuccessful applicants an actionable, 
free and positive next step towards building a stronger credit score.
In signing up to LOQBOX, consumers themselves decide the amount 
they can afford to save in a year (from £20 minimum monthly payments to £200 maximum) and a 0% loan is locked away for the 
same amount in the LOQBOX. They pay off the loan over 12 months, 
building a credit score as they go with the credit reference agencies. Once the 12 months is up, the loan is released into a bank account. Vanquis and LOQBOX will jointly reach out to customers at certain 
points within the 12-month journey, when they believe they have a 
better chance of approval for a card and let them know when to re-apply. Customers also have use of ‘LOQBOX Learn’ which provides 
coaching tips on how money and credit scoring works over a year. As 
well as building a credit history over time, the effects for people who are largely invisible to financial services firms can be much faster. If someone is on the electoral roll, for example, and they have a LOQBOX, 
they can pass an ID check with most institutions.Case study Case study
Moneybarn vehicle finance expand into the  
near-prime market
Moneybarn expanded its product offer during 2020 which means it 
can now offer vehicle finance in the near-prime sector. Moneybarn 
remains dedicated to serving customers  who may struggle to find 
finance elsewhere, and this product expansion will allow it to support 
a wider customer base  on to a better road ahead. The near-prime 
product will offer APRs from 14.9%, depending on personal circumstances, 
and will give applicants an instant accept or  decline. This means 
customers will know within seconds if they have the  vehicle finance 
they want. 
With many lenders forced to close or lend less during the UK lockdown, 
Moneybarn remained open. Between March and November 2020, around 40% of customers supported were classified as keyworkers, 
which is one reason why the business continued to trade. It was 
also  important to Moneybarn that it continued to support introducer 
partners and dealers through a difficult period for their businesses. 
Moneybarn adapted quickly to the new necessary way of working 
in order to continue trading and support its business partners.
When public transport was no longer a viable option for commuting or getting around, there was an increased need for vehicle finance 
across the UK. During the UK lockdown, Moneybarn recorded its 
highest number of new customers ever in a single month. 
Moneybarn has also won awards for its service and approach 
to lending during the year. Most recently it was awarded ‘Non-Prime 
Lender of  the Year’ at the Motor Finance Europe Awards 2020, Feefo’s 
Platinum  Trusted Service Award 2020 and ‘Best Brand’ at the 
Lending  Awards 2020. Case studyServing our customers
in a responsible manner continued
Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly 24
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
One of the key performance indicators we track to 
determine whether we are providing our customers 
with products, services and partnerships that meet 
their particular needs, and help put them on a path to a better everyday life is customer satisfaction. Measuring this year on year also gives us some 
insight into where we can make improvements to 
our offerings so that we can continually meet or surpass customers’ expectations. Information on 
customer satisfaction is collected through a variety 
of methods such as online forums, phone and face-to-face surveys, as well as focus groups. 
Our businesses have supported our customers 
throughout the pandemic by continuing to lend 
to existing customers where appropriate and 
activating forbearance measures where needed. This has enabled us to maintain high customer Customer satisfaction is a key metric for PFG which is 
why  we include these figures in the Blueprint Dashboard 
which is shared with the Board’s Customer, Culture and 
Ethics Committee at every meeting.Improving customer 
satisfaction rates
Customer satisfaction
rates for 2020
89%
(2019: 91%)Consumer Credit Division
Customer complaints  received in 2020
66,694
(2019: 36,722)170k 
PFG customers took  
a payment holiday  
in 2020
Customer satisfactionrates for 2020
91%
(2019: 90%)Customer complaints  received in 2020
17,177
(2019: 34,123)
Customer satisfactionrates for 2020
4.5/5  Feefo rating
(2019: 4.6/5)Customer complaints  received in 2020
6,393
(2019: 5,053)satisfaction ratings across Vanquis Bank, 
Moneybarn and CCD. The  overall customer 
satisfaction rates in 2020 for  each of our brands 
are set out opposite. 
As we supported our customers throughout the 
year, and following the publication of guidance 
by the FCA, payment holidays of between one and 
three months were offered to customers in Vanquis Bank, Moneybarn and the CCD, which could be 
taken if they were facing a drop in income as a 
result of the pandemic. During the year, 170,000 customers from across PFG took payment holidays to help them to navigate the challenges of 2020. 
Customers were also able to  access a range of 
remote lending solutions so  that  they could 
continue to manage their accounts while restrictions were in place.
Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly 25
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Read more 
CCD operational review –  
Scheme of Arrangement  14
 Improving customer satisfaction rates  25
Supporting customers in vulnerable  situations  27Complaints referred to the Financial Ombudsman Service
The Scheme of Arrangement that is outlined on page  14 of this report 
is being pursued because of heightened Claims Management 
Company activity across our sector. This has resulted in an increase 
in the number of complaints that are being referred to the FOS and 
which are subsequently being upheld in favour of customers. Details 
relating to the percentage of complaints that are upheld in favour of 
the customer by individual business unit are made publicly available 
twice a year on the FOS website. The most recent figures for the period July to December 2020 are as follows: Vanquis Bank – 59% (2019: 53%); Moneybarn – 35% (2019: 41%); and CCD – 75% (2019: 59%).Ensuring that we keep customer complaints to an  absolute minimum 
is also a good indicator that we are treating our customers fairly and 
that our products, services and partnerships meet their specific needs. Understanding the reasons behind complaints also helps us to improve 
the services we offer. We have well-established complaint-handling 
processes, procedures and timescales to guide our customer relations teams in resolving issues in a professional and timely way. Vital to resolving customer complaints satisfactorily is ensuring our staff are 
trained well enough to deliver excellent customer service whether 
face-to-face, on the telephone or via email. The total amount of hours colleagues spent on customer-focused training in 2020 was 55,229.
We provide the contact details of the Financial Ombudsman Services 
(FOS) to all our customers, so they have another option if they feel we 
have been unable to resolve their complaint to their  satisfaction. Handling our customer  
complaints responsibly
During 2020, the total  
number of complaints  
referred to the FOS was 
(2019: 4,253) 
In addition, 8,933 (2019: 1,489) 
complaints were upheld  
in favour of the customer  
in 202013,736
Read more in our Annual Report  
and Financial Statements 2020 at  
www.providentfinancial.com
Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly 26
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
The Purpose of our business is to help put people 
on a path to a better everyday life, by offering 
credit to those who need it, but who are not well 
served by mainstream lenders. We know, however, that with this Purpose comes great responsibility. This is why a key pillar of our Social Impact Programme 
focuses on providing grants to charities and 
specialist partners to address issues like customer vulnerability, product accessibility and financial 
difficulties. These organisations also guide and 
advise our colleagues to support our customers when addressing these kinds of issues.
We understand that our customers can find 
themselves, at times, in financially challenging situations due to unforeseen circumstances such 
as ill health, loss of income, family bereavement 
or other significant life events. Therefore, we ensure 
that our call centre colleagues are trained in 
recognising signs that might indicate a customer 
could be classified as ‘vulnerable’, or may be facing 
financial difficulty, whether in the short term or 
long  term. We have also recently implemented a 
programme of work with Surviving Economic Abuse. Supporting customers   
in vulnerable situations
This initiative will allow us to deliver awareness sessions on domestic and economic abuse 
to a variety of colleagues.
We have developed relationships with organisations and charities such as IncomeMax and the Money 
Advice Trust, which provide training to our colleagues 
to enable them to communicate effectively with customers who are experiencing difficulties and 
to increase their understanding of the UK welfare 
system. The training and guidance our call centre colleagues receive is informed by the customer 
protocol TEXAS (Thank, Explain, eXplicit consent, 
Ask and Signpost), developed by the Money Advice 
Trust and Royal College of Psychiatrists, as well as 
guidance published by our regulators, the FCA and 
the PRA. In certain cases, our colleagues can offer 
customers forbearance options such as breathing space or an adjustment to their repayment plans so they can manage their finances better. In some 
cases, a  decision may be taken to write the debt 
off completely.While our divisions are working to collect outstanding debt from customers, they sometimes 
enter debt agreement plans with leading debt 
charities such as StepChange Debt Charity 
(a similar arrangement is in place with Christians 
Against Poverty (CAP)). We continue to accept the offers of payment when customers have sought 
advice from these charities and a financial 
assessment has been made. Through the ‘Fairshare’ agreements we have with these charities, we contribute almost 12% of any payment we receive 
from a customer who has entered a debt agreement 
plan to the charities. The ‘Fairshare’ contributions mean our operating businesses pay for the debt 
advice received by the customer. They provide the 
charities with financial support so that they can continue to provide free, independent advice and operate independently of taxpayer support. During 
2020, the Group’s operating companies paid 
£632,896 (2019: £766,631) to StepChange Debt 
Charity and CAP in ‘Fairshare’  contributions.
Vanquis Bank continues to work with IncomeMax, 
through an innovative partnership that began in 2015, to support customers of the bank that are 
experiencing financial difficulties. IncomeMax is 
a community interest company that helps people 
to maximise their household income by providing 
them with independent personal welfare advice 
that helps them take control of their finances. The 
advice provided by IncomeMax helps households to increase their income, reduce household 
bills and get the debt advice they need. Where 
appropriate, the Vanquis Bank customer-facing colleagues who support customers experiencing 
financial difficulties will put customers in touch 
with  IncomeMax. IncomeMax then provides 
independent personal money advice and makes 
sure that customers are not missing out on any 
state benefits or tax credits to  help them to take 
control of their finances. Since 2015 IncomeMax has 
identified £865k of  additional income for Vanquis 
customers experiencing financial hardship 
and struggling to  make ends meet. In addition to ensuring that our customer-facing colleagues are equipped 
with the skills they need to support our customers throughout their journeys with us, we are able to draw on the relationships we have developed over the years with organisations in the money advice sector. By supporting these 
organisations, our  customers can also access free independent and personal 
financial  advice  and support if they are facing financial strain.
No Poverty
We will contribute to ending poverty in all its forms 
everywhere, by ensuring our customers have access to 
cost-effective and appropriate products for their needs 
and supporting them through financial difficulty.
Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly 27
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Supporting customers in vulnerable situations continued
Money Advice Scotland (MAS) is a membership 
organisation for money advisors providing support 
to clients based in Scotland. It also provides 
information resources and guidance for those 
seeking free, regulated debt advice and works 
to enhance financial wellbeing.
The funding we provided to MAS  formed part of the 
bespoke support the organisation developed to help its money advice practitioner membership deal 
with the new challenges of providing client support 
during the Covid-19 pandemic. This assistance 
was delivered to  advisors via a Quality Assurance 
Consultant who created and distributed toolkits 
and guidance on good practice in  homeworking 
and set up a Discussion Forum. 
Our funding also enabled MAS to retain the Gold 
Investors in People Standard it attained in 2018. Given that one of MAS’s key objectives is to ensure 
the ongoing professional development of its 
members, our funding enables them to maintain this ethos with their own staff, ensuring they too have opportunities for training and career progression.
National Debtline offers free and impartial debt 
advice by phone, webchat and online, and its specialist advisors help callers to understand their 
debt options and to confidently manage their money. 
In 2020, we funded the equivalent of one specialist 
National Debtline advisor to assist around 1,200 
clients. In 2020, the Money Advice Trust developed new information and training resources to ensure 
its staff and clients were informed and equipped 
to deal with the challenges to personal finances 
arising from the Covid-19 pandemic. Reliable 
advice  and guidance on this topic was a key 
driver  of 1 million visits the National Debtline 
website  received  between the start of the 
pandemic  and end of December 2020.
 
Advice UK is a registered charity which supports 
a membership comprising the UK’s largest 
network  of independent advice service providers. 
The funding we provided to Advice UK in 2020 was used to support the work of its Policy and 
Campaigns Coordinator. 
The Policy and Campaigns Coordinator is 
responsible for a range of key functions within 
Advice UK. These range from supporting members 
of Advice UK to provide professional and  authorised 
assistance to their clients to representing the interests of members and clients in policy development and 
regulatory processes, including how best to provide 
a support framework for vulnerable customers.
The Money Charity (TMC) specialises in improving 
financial capability. It does this by providing information, advice and guidance to people of 
all ages, so that they can manage their money 
well and increase their financial wellbeing.
In 2020, the support we provided to TMC assisted it to:
 –deliver 183 hours worth of financial education workshops to 4,250 young people;
 –deliver 9 budgeting and money management workshops to 85 adults; 
 –deliver 1 workshop to 12 young offenders; and
 –distribute 395 teacher resource packs to schools and deliver 3 teacher support sessions. 
We asked TMC to prioritise supporting the most disadvantaged students and hard to reach groups. In 2020, 90% of the workshops that were delivered to 
young people and adults were targeted at the most 
disadvantaged groups, including ex-offenders.
Following discussion with the charity on how best 
to deliver their support to schools and adult groups 
impacted by the Covid-19 restrictions, we agreed to 
support them to convert their learning resources to 
be delivered online. As a result, entirely new content 
has been created for adult workshops, tailored to the challenges individuals are most likely to face 
as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly 28
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
In unfortunate scenarios, some of our customers 
will fall behind on their repayments, meaning we 
have to make contact with them and rearrange 
their repayment schedule. It is of utmost importance that we are empathetic and understanding in these circumstances, and offer forbearance measures 
where possible, so we can protect their  credit score. 
However, there are cases where customers, in spite of all efforts to assist them, either cannot or will 
not cooperate with our efforts  to rearrange their 
repayment schedule. Our  divisions therefore have 
systems and processes in  place to deal with these 
situations; however, these processes differ slightly, 
due to regulatory requirements and the  p roducts 
we have on offer. 
Vanquis Bank, Provident home credit and Satsuma 
all have internal recovery procedures in place 
which  are aimed at reconnecting with customers 
via letter, telephone or SMS text message. These procedures enable us to determine whether 
customers are experiencing any personal difficulties 
which are preventing them from making repayments. If they are experiencing difficulties, we can agree with them for any appropriate forbearance options 
(e.g.  a reduced payment arrangement). If,  having 
used these internal processes to reconnect with 
a customer who we  believe has the capacity to 
repay, it is still not possible to secure payments 
from them, we may appoint a  debt collection 
agency (DCA) to pursue the debt. When this occurs, we retain the title and responsibility for the actions 
of the DCA and they will only receive commission 
on the payments they collect. Our operating 
businesses only use DCAs whose track record is 
known to them and who are members of the DCA 
trade body, the Credit Services Association. The 
activities that DCAs undertake on our behalf is contractually based and we formally audit their activity and performance every 12 months. These 
audits focus on all aspects of work that the DCAs 
undertake on our behalf, including ensuring that their activities are responsible and comply with our 
processes and  procedures. 
The management of customer accounts in arrears for Moneybarn is different due to the nature of the 
business. Moneybarn’s policy is to try to keep as 
many customers as possible in ‘live’ agreements where they still have use of the vehicle. They do 
this through a series of forbearance strategies, 
including payment plans based on detailed income and expenditure assessments, providing 
breathing space and debt management agency 
referrals, as well as, in some circumstances, 
debt  reduction or write-off. Particular emphasis 
is placed on higher risk, vulnerable customers, 
again, applying a case-by-case approach. Despite having these forbearance strategies available, some 
customer agreements will prove to be unsustainable, 
or the customer will not engage with attempts to find a solution to deal with their arrears. In these situations, the agreement will be ended and the 
vehicle recovered and sold. The sale value of the 
vehicle is offset against any shortfall debt the customer might have on their agreement. Prior 
to termination of the agreement, affected customers 
receive written confirmation of their termination rights and the likely financial implications of 
the options available to them. Any  remaining 
shortfall debt is then recovered through payment arrangements with the customer. These payment 
arrangements are only entered into once a full 
income and expenditure assessment has been carried out to determine whether they are affordable for the customer.We establish early contact and maintain 
ongoing dialogue with customers who 
experience difficulties, with a sympathetic 
approach, to understand their circumstances and offer appropriate levels of support 
and forbearance.How we 
manage arrears
Responsibility strategy Lending responsibly 29
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020At a glance Colleagues Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Supporting our colleagues so
In this section
31  Understanding our colleagues’ 
thoughts  and  opinions 
32  Spotlight on inclusion and diversity
35  Focus on gender diversity
38  Supporting colleague mental health 
and  wellbeingProviding an encouraging, supportive and inclusive workplace 
culture is vital to the happiness of our colleagues and the 
sustainability of our business.they can be 
themselves
Lending responsibly Colleagues 30
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Our colleagues are key to our long-term success, and their 
continued dedication and hard work is what gives PFG its unique 
character and culture, which enables us to deliver the best service to our customers. Needless to say, the last year has been challenging for many of our colleagues, so it is vital that we continue to engage and support them in whatever way we can. 
Number of employees at  
31 December 2020: 4,232  
(2019: 4,854)
Vanquis Bank
Moneybarn
PF corporate office
GroupCCD
2,276
1,471
389
96
4,232Understanding our   
colleagues’ thoughts  
and opinions
Above, are some of the key findings from this year’s survey as well as 
the results from last year’s survey so the changes can be compared.
We will continue to engage with our colleagues to understand how 
we can progress our ambition to build an inclusive and sustainable 
workplace culture.In November 2020, we carried out our second 
annual Group-wide colleague engagement survey. 74% of colleagues from across the Group took the 
time to have their say and respond to the survey. 
This is an increase of  6% on last year. As you can 
see below, colleague engagement levels across 
the Group have  mostly increased.
Colleague engagement levels
Engagement refers to the extent to which 
colleagues feel passionate about their jobs, are 
committed to PFG and are prepared to use their 
discretionary effort.
 –Moneybarn 81% (2019: 80%)
 –CCD 74% (2019: 76%)
 –PF corporate office 82% (2019: 70%)
 –Vanquis Bank 65% (2019: 58%)88%
of colleagues care about the 
future of PFG (2019: 86%)
69%
of colleagues feel that the Group’s Purpose makes them feel good about their work (2019: 61%) 
74%
of colleagues would still like to be working for the Group 
in two years’ time (2019: 68%)63%
of colleagues believe the Group is a socially and environmentally responsible organisation (2019: 53%)88%
of colleagues understand PFG’s purpose and what 
we are trying to achieve 
(2019: 82%)
76%
of colleagues feel like they can be themselves at work (2019: 74%)
Read more on pages 32 to 34  
Lending responsibly Colleagues 31
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Understanding our colleagues
We want our business to be diverse and inclusive 
as employing people with different skills and 
backgrounds will help us understand our customers’ 
needs and develop products and services that 
support them better. But more than this, having a 
diverse workforce means more opportunity to learn, to grow and meet people from different backgrounds – which is when people can really make a difference. 
For the second year running, we invited our colleagues to disclose further information about 
themselves such as their ethnicity, religious beliefs, 
sexual orientation, disability status, caring responsibilities and gender identity through our Group-wide colleague engagement survey. We 
did this to gain a broader understanding of who 
our colleagues are so that we could open up new 
dialogue, educate ourselves and give support and representation for colleagues no matter their age, sex, 
disability, religious beliefs, gender identity or any other 
characteristic that makes them who they are, or  may 
want to be. The information we collected through our 
2020 survey is set out on the left of this page .
It is important to state that although approximately 74% (2019: 68%) of colleagues completed our 
colleague engagement survey, not all of these 
colleagues chose to disclose this somewhat personal information. Throughout 2021, we will update our HR 
processes so that we can collect inclusion and diversity information from our colleagues in 
a systematic and consistent way.Spotlight on  
inclusion and diversity
5%
of colleagues disclosed to us that 
they had  a disability (2019: 5%)
0.4%
of colleagues told us that their sex 
is different to what it was when they 
were  born  (2019: 0.3%)39%
of colleagues told us that they 
had caring  responsibilities outside 
of the workplace  (2019: 43%)
0.3%
of colleagues disclosed to us that 
they identified as a gender other 
than male or female  (2019: 0.5%)7%
of colleagues told us that they are part of the LGBTQ+ community (2019: 8%)
11%
of colleagues told us that they had caring responsibilities outside of childcare, e.g. caring for family members who may be elderly or 
have long-term illnesses (2019: 13%)11%
of colleagues disclosed to us that 
they came from a black, Asian or minority ethnic background (2019: 12%)
For the second year running, 
we invited our colleagues to 
disclose  further information 
about themselves such as their 
ethnicity, religious beliefs, sexual 
orientation, disability status, 
caring responsibilities and gender identity through our Group-wide colleague engagement survey.
Lending responsibly Colleagues 32
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Be Yourself: Inclusion and diversity at PFG
Throughout 2020, we continued on the journey we 
have been on for the past couple of years towards 
being a more inclusive and diverse company. This 
saw us launch our overall inclusion community which comprises four affinity groups based 
around  disability, ethnicity, gender and LGBTQ+. 
Each affinity group has a sponsor and chair 
drawn  from the CCD, Vanquis Bank, Moneybarn 
and  Provident corporate office, and these meet 
regularly with the overall executive sponsor to discuss inclusion and diversity plans, developments 
and proposals across the inclusion community as 
a whole. The affinity groups have a colleague lead and are made up colleagues from across our business, with support provided from our HR and 
Communications teams, and, since their launch 
in September 2020, have articulated their terms 
of reference and fed into the development of 
a Be Yourself Inclusion Calendar which includes 
a range of events that will be celebrated 
throughout the course of the year.We also launched Be Yourself in 2020, which 
is our programme to promote and advance 
inclusion  and diversity across PFG. The launch of 
this programme was borne out of the recognition 
that our colleagues and other stakeholders can 
only embrace our Purpose to move along a path to 
a better everyday life if they feel that it’s their path and they feel comfortable walking it. To support 
the inclusion and diversity agenda at PFG, we 
designated an executive sponsor; Gareth Cronin, PFG’s Chief Internal Auditor (Chief Risk Officer as of 
1 May 2021).Spotlight on inclusion and diversity continued
I’m proud and thrilled to sponsor such 
an important initiative. I’ve been with PFG for just over a year now and have 
been impressed with the colleagues we 
have working throughout the business. I’m certain that we’ll further improve 
as a Group by maximising inclusion 
and  diversity. It’s something I’m 
passionate about.
Gareth Cronin
PFG’s Chief Internal Auditor  (Chief Risk Officer as of 1 May 2021)
Lending responsibly Colleagues 33
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Be Yourself: Inclusion and diversity at PFG  
continued
To support the development of our inclusion 
community, we partnered with Inclusive Employers 
to deliver training to our affinity working groups and 
our Chairs and Sponsors. This has been well received and has validated people’s understanding of the role they play within the inclusion community. It has 
also helped drive the focus for our affinity groups. 
We have had a steady flow of communications to 
support the education and raising the awareness 
of inclusion and diversity. This activity has seen more colleagues register their interest in getting 
involved in the inclusion community. This programme 
of communications commenced in  July with ‘Pride’ 
and the formal launch of the inclusion community 
in September, as a part of  National Inclusion Week. We also partnered with Diversion to develop the 
PFG Diversity Calendar, this calendar provides a 
selection of key dates, awareness raising days and 
events which reflect the diversity of our colleagues and customers. Since its launch, in October 2020 there have been a number of focus days which 
we have recognised through our various 
communications channels, including International Men’s Day, World Aids Day, International Disability 
Day, LGBTQ+ History Month.Spotlight on inclusion and diversity continued
We will contribute to reducing inequality by building our 
capabilities to better identify, support and empower our 
stakeholders who may face inequality and exclusion.
Reduced 
Inequalities
I’ve never worked somewhere with this 
opportunity available before, and have 
been an advocate for others in previous workplaces, so was excited to get involved 
and bring my knowledge and experience 
forward, and be a part of positive change.
A member of the Disability Affinity Group103
colleagues are 
involved in our  
Inclusion  
Community
Lending responsibly Colleagues 34
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Focus on 
gender diversity
Be Yourself: Improving gender diversity at PFG 
A key focus of the work we have delivered over the 
past 18 months to create and maintain a fair, diverse 
and inclusive culture for our colleagues and other 
stakeholders has been on achieving a better gender balance in our senior management population. 
This saw us, in 2019, become a signatory to the 
HM Treasury’s Women in Finance Charter and 
set a target to have 40% female representation 
in the Group’s senior management population 
by December 2024.
Gender pay gap reporting update 
In our annual CR reports, we usually disclose the gender pay gap reporting figures we are required 
by the UK Government to publish which cover all 
colleagues that are employed across PFG. As a result of the challenges that businesses have faced because of the Covid-19 crisis, the Equalities and 
Human Rights Commission recently announced 
that we have until 05 October 2021 to report our 2020-2021 gender pay gap data (which uses the 
snapshot date of 05 April 2020). This information 
will be disclosed on the PFG corporate website 
by this deadline.Women in Finance Charter: 2020 update 
As of 31 December 2020, we had 27% female 
representation in our senior management population. 
We believe we are on track to meet our overall 
target of having 40% female representation in this population by December 2024. Over the course of the past 12 months, we have laid the foundation 
that will enable us to work towards meeting our 
targets. This has included:
 –restructuring our Group Executive, which has enabled us to confirm the direct reports that 
are included in our defined senior management 
population, and creating a talent pipeline into this population;
 –initiating work to review and update the HR policies and processes that will enable the 
Group’s businesses to consistently support 
the work to improve our gender diversity 
performance;
 –delivering the Next Generation Women’s 
Leadership Programme to 21 high potential 
women from across Provident Financial Group 
(of these, 24% have gained promotion); and 
 –reviewing our external recruitment process to 
ensure a 50/50 gender balance in shortlists for 
all Senior Leadership vacancies.Throughout 2020, we continued to deliver the programme of work we initiated 
in 2019 which focused on improving gender diversity across PFG. Set out below are details of the progress we made as well as data which show what the gender diversity levels look like across the Group, from the colleague level, right up to the director level.40%
of employees  
who received a  
promotion identified   
as female 47%
The percentage of first 
level  managers who 
identify  as women
Gender Equality
We promote more women into senior level positions, and 
reduce the gender pay gap to achieve gender equality. Female Male
Employee level Number % Number %
Total staff 2,280 54 1,952 46
Director* 6 19 25 81
Senior management 18 27 49 73
Middle management 133 38 221 62
First level management 158 47 177 53
Other colleagues 1,971 57 1,511 43
* Any colleague listed on an Executive Committee or as a director on Companies House.Gender diversity across colleague levels as at 31 December 202027%
of management  
representation 
is female
Lending responsibly Colleagues 35
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Our commitment to colleague
health, safety and 
wellbeing
Looking after the health, safety and wellbeing of all our people, 
whether they are colleagues, contractors, self-employed agents, suppliers or customers is always a high priority for PFG. Never more so than during a year when our colleagues have needed safe working conditions whether they have been at home or in an office. 
Our commitment to do this is set out in our Group-wide health and safety policy which 
enables us to comply with health and safety legislation. Our three operating divisions 
also have additional policies on a range of health, safety and wellbeing issues which 
reflect the factors unique to their business. Throughout the year as we responded to Covid-19 and adapted to new ways of working both in the office and from home, we have also provided our colleagues with regularly updated policies and guidance 
so that  they can be safe and healthy. All policies are made available to colleagues 
via our intranet sites, colleague handbooks and induction programmes, as well 
as mandatory training that is in place to help colleagues work safely at all times. 
Read more 
Making our offices Covid-19 secure  37
Supporting colleague mental health  
and wellbeing  38
Empowering colleagues to raise concerns  40
Lending responsibly Colleagues 36
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Health and safety during Covid-19 
in our offices 
One of our overriding focuses during the challenges 
of 2020 has been on the safety and wellbeing of our 
colleagues. The majority of colleagues worked from 
home for much of the year, but for a small number it has been necessary for them to work from our offices. This happened in situations where it was 
impossible for the colleague to remain productive 
at home because, for example, of poor internet connectivity, or so that we could support the 
colleague’s health and wellbeing. Before colleagues 
were allowed into our offices, an assessment was carried out to confirm the availability of workspace 
and to ensure that social  distancing restrictions 
could be adhered to.
Colleagues were also required to complete 
a mandatory e-learning module which was 
tailored  to specific locations and/or work roles, 
and provided them with clarity on what changes 
have taken place since they were last in the office 
as well as ensuring they know how to protect 
themselves and their colleagues. Finally, they 
were  required to  complete a Covid-19 Health 
and Wellbeing questionnaire to confirm that they 
had not tested positive for Covid-19, were not 
experiencing coronavirus symptoms, were not 
required to self-isolate and had been adhering 
to the most up -t o-d ate Government guidance.We have also issued our colleagues with regularly 
updated guidance throughout the year to enable 
them to work safely in our offices. This guidance 
has included information on personal protective equipment (PPE), travelling safely to and from work, and cleaning and sanitising the workplace.
Throughout the year, operational HR meetings have 
been held on a weekly basis with representatives 
from health and safety, facilities, communication 
and risk functions, with the purpose of ensuring that we stay up to date with the changing Government 
guidance on Covid-19 and that this was reflected in 
the policies and line manager guidance we have published through the year. These meetings have also supported the introduction of measures such 
as one-way systems and ensured that sufficient 
hand sanitising stations are in place. We have also consulted with our Colleague Forums to help us 
to monitor the efficacy of the measures we have 
introduced and to identify any other health and wellbeing risks.
We have also made toolkits available to our 
managers to ensure that they understand the 
key actions required when a colleague has been 
diagnosed with Covid-19, and to provide them 
with  the practical steps to support the colleagues 
in the event that they have to self-isolate. Across the Group, we have a number of indicators we use to measure 
the health and  safety level of our colleagues, alongside programmes 
in place to support their physical and mental health. These range from 
discounted gym memberships to free  counselling access and nutritional 
wellbeing courses.
165*
reportable accidents when scaled  
up to 100,000 employees (2019: 268)7*
reportable accidents  (2019: 12)
6,545
non-reportable accidents when scaled up to 100,000 employees (2019: 16,934)277
non-reportable accidents (2019: 740)
*  T he Reporting of Injuries, Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences Regulations (RIDDOR) 
define a reportable accident as an injury that is not ‘major’ but results in the injured 
person being away from work or unable to do their  full range of normal duties for 
more than three consecutive days.Covid-19 secureMaking our offices
Lending responsibly Colleagues 37
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
The challenges we have faced into as 
a result of the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic have tested the resilience and strength of all our teams more than ever. As such, our priority during 
this period has been to make sure 
that our colleagues can stay safe, and to look after their wellbeing and mental health.
Mental health and wellbeing 
Throughout 2020, we worked hard to ensure that 
all our colleagues could access support and tools 
to help them maintain positive mental health 
and wellbeing.
This included issuing a regularly updated guide 
to our line managers throughout the year so that 
they can support the colleagues they manage 
during the pandemic. These guides set out a range 
of principles and resources for line managers on 
matters including remote and flexible working, social distancing and returning to the office, and looking after colleague physical and mental wellbeing.
To complement this, we have also published a 
standalone Wellness Guide which is designed to 
enable all colleagues to learn more about how 
they  can support and promote their own mental 
health and wellbeing at work. This Guide includes 
a number of tools to help colleagues to identify 
early warning signs, such as triggers of stress, so 
that they can proactively maintain their mental 
wellbeing and, where appropriate, get support 
from  their line manager, our HR teams or existing 
charitable organisations such as MIND or the 
Bank  Workers Charity. Using technology to promote mental 
health  and wellbeing 
To support the many hundreds of colleagues who 
have been working remotely for much of 2020, it 
was vitally important that we used technology to 
deliver mental health and wellbeing advice and resources to them. In March 2020, following a pilot we undertook with Vanquis Bank colleagues in 2019, 
we gave all the Group’s colleagues free access to 
Thrive, the UK’s only NHS-approved wellbeing app. 
24%
of colleague are active users*
This app includes psychological techniques and a 
cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) programme, the ability to access further support via a Thrive coach 
at the touch of a button and a comprehensive and 
ever-changing programme of webinars covering 
a variety of topics that help colleagues and their 
families to manage their mental health and wellbeing.
We also rolled out a new Employee Assistance 
Programme to all colleagues in 2020. This is 
a 24-hour confidential helpline which provides 
support on range of topics including debt 
and consumer matters, personal and family 
relationships, stress and anxiety and lifestyle addictions. It also includes a Health e-Hub that 
all colleagues can access via an app or a 
dedicated portal which is home to a range 
of wellbeing resources such as webinars, CBT, 
factsheets and four-week programmes. 
Our Mental Health First Aider 
network is made up of
81
colleaguesKeeping colleagues connected
Since the start of the pandemic, we have been 
exploring new ways to keep connected with 
our colleagues. We launched our own magazine 
– Stay Connected – and introduced ‘Malcolm’s Vlog’. Stay Connected is a channel to keep 
colleagues informed about the business and our 
customers and how they are being supported through the pandemic, and acknowledging and celebrating colleague-led news. 
On a local level, our social committees have been 
actively involved in promoting wellbeing activities, 
such as offering meditation sessions to colleagues 
and various online social events to create online communities. 400 Vanquis Bank colleagues took 
part in a virtual challenge, the ‘Tour de Vanquis’, 
with colleagues logging over 2,000 miles of walking, jogging or running. The Tour raised over £2,000 for NHS charities. 
Finally, our Colleague Forum was re-organised 
to reflect how colleagues are working from their 
locations. The new look Forum was finalised in June 
after elections were held. Since its formation, the 
Forum has played an active part in our Health and 
Safety initiatives during the Covid-19 pandemic. 
Colleague absence
Following on from work we undertook last year to further analyse data around reasons for absence, 
we continued to broaden the scope of that work 
this year to gain a better insight to understand how absence rates are reflected in different role types. In the first instance, we measured absence rates of 
customer-facing staff compared with non -c ustomer-
facing staff, and the absence of people managers compared to non-people managers, to see if 
absence was higher or lower depending on the role that colleagues worked in. As a direct result 
of this additional reporting, we established a new 
Wellbeing Forum with representatives from all 
businesses to help us to review, monitor and analyse 
this data regularly, in order to plan and deliver 
preventive mental wellbeing activities and campaigns 
to support a culture of openness surrounding 
mental health. Our findings from this review are 
set out below.
 –32% (2019: 33%) of absence days were reported 
to be for mental ill health, 21% (2019: 9%) of those 
were reported to be due to workplace stress.
 –84%  (2019: 86%) of all absence days were taken 
by customer-facing staff, which make up 64% 
(2019: 23%) of our workforce.
 –9% (2019: 9%) of all absence days were taken by 
those with people management responsibilities.
 –Of the absence days customer-facing staff took, 34%  (2019: 35%) of them were reported to be for 
poor mental health and, similarly, 39%  (2019: 33%) 
of those with people management responsibility stated mental health for their absence reason.Supporting colleague  
mental health and wellbeing
*  T hrive have a high threshold for their Active Users, and these are individuals who use the app for a minimum of eight  minutes 
per week, while Total Users are those who have downloaded the app and use it for less than eight minutes per week.
Lending responsibly Colleagues 38
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Vanquis Bank (2019: 13)
Moneybarn (2019: 9)
PF corporate office (2019: 3)
Group (2019: 12)CCD (2019: 13)Average number of absence days per employee
12
1215
7
2Vanquis Bank (2019: 440)
Moneybarn (2019: 109)
PF corporate office (2019: 26)
Group (2019: 1,954)CCD (2019: 1,379)Number of employees who left the business*
81
11766
1,11926126% of our workforce left in 2020 (2019: 40%)
Vanquis Bank (2019: 368)
Moneybarn (2019: 77)
PF corporate office (2019: 22)
Group (2019: 1,501)CCD (2019: 1,034)Number of employees who left the business voluntarily
59
10258
55022349% of employees who left the business in 2020 left voluntarily Throughout the year, we aimed to address the key findings that 
were identified by the colleague engagement survey we carried out in 2019 and, by doing this, we have improved engagement scores and reduced our overall colleague turnover rates in 2020 in comparison to the rates for 2019.Colleague turnover
*  T hese figures also include colleagues who have moved 
from one Group business to another.
Lending responsibly Colleagues 39
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Because of the industry we work in, we feel that 
it is just as important to ensure that our colleagues, 
as well as our customers, manage their money in a 
sustainable way. This is why we offer initiatives that 
allow colleagues to either invest in the Company 
through a ‘share scheme’ or save for their future 
through a workplace pension.
Pensions
There are two main pension schemes for colleagues across the Group. New colleagues are 
automatically enrolled into the Provident Financial 
Workplace Pension Scheme after two months’ service, and after two years of membership they are invited to join the PFG Retirement Plan; however, 
colleagues joining at a managerial level are invited 
to directly join the PFG Retirement Plan. 
The Provident Financial Workplace Pension Scheme 
is provided through NEST and requires colleagues to contribute 3.2% of their pensionable salary after 
tax relief. On top of this, we will also contribute 4% 
of their pensionable salary. 
The PFG Retirement Plan allows colleagues to 
contribute between 3 and 8% of their pensionable 
salary and we will contribute between 5 and 10%. 
All colleagues are entitled to a death in service 
payment; however, the PFG Retirement Plan 
includes an increased death in service payment 
of 3x salary and offers long-term sickness benefit. 
Employee share schemes
Share schemes are a long-established and successful part of the total reward package 
offered  by the Group, encouraging and 
supporting  colleague share ownership. The Group’s four schemes aim to encourage colleagues’ involvement and interest in the 
financial performance and success of PFG 
through  share ownership.
The current schemes for colleagues resident in 
the UK are the Provident Financial Savings-Related 
Share Option Scheme 2013 and the Provident 
Financial Share Incentive Plan (SIP). 
The current scheme for colleagues resident in the 
ROI is  the Provident Financial Irish Savings-Related 
Share Option Scheme 2014.1,088 colleagues were participating in the 
Company’s save as you earn schemes as at 
31 December 2020 (2019: 1,756). The Group’s SIP 
offers colleagues the opportunity to further invest in the Group and to benefit from the Group’s offer 
to match that investment on the basis of one 
matching share for every four partnership shares purchased. 348 colleagues were participating 
in the SIP as at 31 December 2020 (2019: 553).to raise concerns
We are committed to the highest standards of quality, transparency and accountability, so giving our colleagues channels to speak up 
about concerns is an important of our culture. We have whistleblowing 
policies in place which outline how concerns can be raised. All colleagues receive anti-bribery and corruption, and whistleblowing training on an annual basis. They also have access to a confidential third-party 
helpline through  which they can raise a genuine concern about 
dangerous, unlawful or illegal activity at work. 
In 2020, this helpline received 13 calls, which were thoroughly 
investigated and dealt with  in accordance with the appropriate 
internal  procedures.1,088
employees participate  
in our save as you  
earn  schemesto save for  their  futureEmpowering colleagues Encouraging staff
Lending responsibly Colleagues 40
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Responsibility strategy At a glance Climate change Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Responding to the
In this section
42  Understanding and disclosing how climate 
change  may  impact our business 
46  Offsetting our carbon footprint
47  Reducing our carbon footprintWe recognise that reducing greenhouse gas emissions is for 
the whole of society and we are committed to minimising our 
environmental impacts as well as determining the risks climate 
change presents to our business and  stakeholders.climate crisis
Colleagues Climate change 41
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
In 2020, in support of the UK Green Finance Strategy, we set out our 
ambition to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2040. 
We also conducted a review to identify how the Group can work 
towards meeting the recommendations of the TCFD, which also took into account our environmental targets. In terms of the review of our 
environmental targets, we determined that we will need to achieve 
deeper emissions reductions that align with climate science and the rules governing the setting of science-based targets, while enabling us to deliver our commercial objectives. We will therefore develop and 
publish a science-based reduction target and other related targets 
that will enable us to realise our net-zero ambition by the end of 2021.
In terms of the TCFD, we fully support the aim of this framework, and 
will increase our disclosures in line with its recommendations. In order to do this, we have put new climate risk governance arrangements 
in place, as well as initiate work that will enable us to undertake a 
scenario analysis to determine what the impacts to the business 
would be if the temperatures were to rise by  1.5 degrees Celsius 
and 4 degrees Celsius.Understanding and   
disclosing how  
climate change may  impact our business
To read more about our new climate risk governance, please see page 45
67% 
reduction in our carbon 
footprint against a 
2015 baseline
(scope 1, 2 and associated scope 3s)
Colleagues Climate change 42
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Meeting the recommendations of the TCFD
The objective of the TCFD is to advance the quality of financial disclosures related to the potential impacts of climate change in order to improve investors, regulators and 
other stakeholders’ ability to assess climate-related risks and opportunities. Unlike other reporting frameworks, TCFD is not about our impact on the environment, it is about 
the environment’s impact on us. Put simply, its  recommendations require us to disclose around the TCFD’s four pillars of governance, strategy, risk management and 
metrics and targets. Set out below is  a summary  of the progress we made in 2020 in terms of reporting in line with the recommendations of the TCFD.
Understanding and disclosing how climate  
change may impact our business continued
At PFG we understand that 
we have a key role to play in 
responding to the climate crisis. 
This means ensuring that our climate-related targets are 
aligned with the Paris agreement 
which aims to hold the increase in global average temperature 
to well below 2 degrees Celsius 
above pre-industrial levels, and ideally, to 1.5 degrees Celsius. 
And  this is why we set an overall 
target in 2020 to achieve net-zero emissions by 2040.
Rob Lawson 
Head of SustainabilityTCFD recommendation Ongoing progress in 2020 Focus areas for 2021
Governance In 2020, we established a Company-wide Climate Risk Committee to review 
our climate change strategy and monitor material risks and opportunities. 
This committee, which will have its first meeting in April 2021, will be chaired 
by the Group Chief Risk Officer and will report directly to the Group Executive 
Committee. It will also report into the Board’s Customer, Culture and Ethics 
Committee and Group Risk Committee. Below this, the PFG Corporate 
Responsibility Function is responsible for monitoring climate-related issues.In addition to finalising the Committee’s terms of 
reference and PFG’s new climate risk strategy, the focus for 2021 will be on agreeing the methodology that will be 
used to undertake a Group-wide climate risk scenario 
analysis which takes account of our value chain, divisions and functions, and the different aspects of our business 
models, assets, operations and organisational structures.
Strategy Climate change risks have the potential to impact PFG’s business strategy 
through increased costs for us operationally, as well as for our customers, 
reduced productivity of colleagues and reputational damage. Throughout 2020 
and into 2021, we have undertaken work to  understand what the most material 
climate-related risks are to our business, as well as the most material 
opportunities in the short term. This built on initial work carried out by Vanquis 
Bank to understand the short-term and long-term financial risks that climate 
change presents to its business models. We also initiated work to develop 
a methodology that will enable us, using the risks referred to above, 
to undertake scenario analyses to assess the probability and magnitude 
of the financial implications of climate change for our  business 
(see  page  44 for more information).Through our Committee, we will work with colleagues from finance, risk and operations to undertake analyses 
to test the impacts on our business of the following 
scenarios: one in which rapid decarbonisation achieves 
a 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels increase; 
and one where emissions remain high (4  degrees Celsius 
above pre-industrial levels) and physical climate 
impacts  dominate. 
Risk 
managementThroughout 2020, we undertook work to start to identify the physical and 
transition climate-related risks that have implications for PFG’s business models 
and stakeholders (e.g. customers, colleagues and suppliers). This built on the 
work that Vanquis Bank carried out to allocate responsibility for identifying 
and managing financial risks from climate change to the relevant senior 
management function(s) (SMF(s)) most appropriate within its organisational structure and risk profile as is requested by its regulator the PRA.Once our Climate Risk Committee has started to meet, 
we will be able to ensure that material climate change 
risks are integrated into our risk management framework and through our registers, ensuring that the following are 
identified: risk driver, description of risk, potential impact, 
timeframe, whether the risk or opportunity is direct or indirect, likelihood and magnitude of impact. We will also ensure that material exposures to climate-related risks 
are included within Vanquis Bank’s ICAAP.
Metrics and 
targetsDuring 2020, we set out our overall target to be net zero by 2040. We also 
continue to measure and monitor our scope 1 and 2 emissions, along with some 
of our scope 3 emissions, and report progress on a range of metrics covering 
our direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions.We will set a science-based carbon reduction target and other related targets that will enable us to realise our net-zero 
ambition by the end of 2021. To  support us to do this, we will 
also sign up to the ‘Business Ambition for 1.5°C’ pledge. 
Colleagues Climate change 43
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Group Executive Committee and Board’s Customer, 
Culture and Ethics Committee, and will be discussed 
further by the Climate Risk Committee  at its 
first meeting. 
Customer financial wellbeing
The risk that a customer is financially impacted 
by climate change and thus does not make the 
required payments in line with their agreements with the Group’s businesses. 
Supply chain/suppliers
The risk that a supplier is impacted by climate change which consequently affects the Group’s 
operations. 
Extreme weather events 
The risk that the Group faces from extreme weather 
events that result from changes in temperature.Climate risk management and reporting
The risk that the Group’s structure, policies, processes and culture do not promote effective 
or ethical behaviour by senior management. 
Increased costs
The risk that climate change results in price changes leading to increases in operational costs.
Colleague wellbeing
The risk that colleague wellbeing and productivity are impacted due to climate change.
Access to liquidity and funding
The risk that climate change impacts the 
Group’s  ability to maintain sufficient liquidity 
and funding.Once the Climate Risk Committee has started to meet, we will work to ensure that any material risks 
are integrated into the Group’s risk management 
framework and in our risk registers, ensuring that the following are identified: risk driver, description 
of risk, potential impact, timeframe, whether the 
risk or opportunity is direct or indirect, likelihood 
and magnitude of impact. We will also ensure 
that  material exposures to climate-related risks 
are included within Vanquis Bank’s ICAAP.Understanding and disclosing how climate  
change may impact our business continued
Identifying material climate-related risks
Throughout 2020, we carried out an initial 
assessment to identify the main types of climate-
related risks that could impact our business models 
and/or stakeholders. We did this by engaging with internal stakeholders from the Group’s subsidiary businesses across the Group in order to identify 
risks that might potentially impact specific parts 
of our business. In doing so, we engaged with 
colleagues from a range of different departments 
and functions, including risk, investor relations, 
operations, finance and property so that we could 
understand how climate change might impact 
the operations in each business, and also to get 
a sense of our stakeholders’ interest in the agenda. 
Using the information that was collected through this process, we carried out an initial assessment 
to rank each potential risk. This information, which 
is s ummarised below, was then shared with the 
Colleagues Climate change 44
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Our approach to  
environmental management and climate risk
A key tool in helping us to manage and reduce our 
impact on the environment is our environmental 
management system (EMS), which we have had in 
place for almost 20 years. Our EMS helps us to identify, assess and reduce key environmental risks and impacts; set and deliver against environmental 
targets; and ensure our legal compliance. This EMS 
is independently audited each year against the 
requirements of the international management 
standard ISO 14001:2015. Following the audits carried 
out in 2020, all our main premises in Bradford, London, 
Chatham in Kent and Petersfield in Hampshire are certified to ISO 14001:2015. The ongoing functioning 
of this EMS is overseen by the environmental working 
groups that are in place across PFG. 
Climate risk governance
To help us to assess and manage material climate-related risks and opportunities, and undertake 
the technical work that will enable us to meet the 
recommendations of the TCFD, we have established a new Climate Risk Committee. This Committee will be chaired by Gareth Cronin, PFG’s Chief Internal 
Auditor (Chief Risk Officer as of 1 May 2021), and 
include senior representatives from functions such as finance, risk, operations and sustainability.
The Committee will report into the Group’s Executive 
Committee and will play a pivotal role in developing 
and implementing PFG’s new climate risk strategy. In 
doing so, it will ensure that our climate risk work takes account of our value chain, divisions and functions, and the different aspects of our business models, 
assets, operations and organisational structures.
The Committee will also ensure that the following 
inputs are fed into the TCFD process: –a forward-looking view on our market’s evolution, 
customers, consumer changes in behaviour, 
need and expectation, social activism in different 
scenarios, and time horizon;
 –insights into possible political and legal evolution in certain markets;
 –views on vulnerabilities and opportunities 
in the supply chain under a range of climate 
change impacts;
 –understanding of the implications of local climate changes on operations, colleagues 
and other stakeholders;
 –views on plausible technological developments and breakthroughs, and future developments 
of climate policy and international and national 
climate action; and
 –insights on environmental and social cause-effect relationships of climate change.The Group has set a new target to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2040, as well as meeting climate risk objectives. Set out below are further 
details of the governance and management arrangements we have put in place to support us to deliver these objectives.
I recognise that climate change poses 
risks to our business with the potential 
to impact the way we operate, as well 
as our customers, colleagues and supply 
chains. This is why we’re committed to evolving our understanding of climate 
change risks, and our approach to 
managing them, by starting our work 
in 2021 to undertake climate-related 
scenario analyses.
Gareth Cronin 
Chief Internal Auditor  (Chief Risk Officer as of 1 May 2021)Provident Financial plcGroup Board
Group Risk Committee
Group Executive Risk Committee
Cross-Divisional Risk 
ForumCustomer, Culture and 
Ethics Committee
Group Executive Committee
Climate Risk Working 
GroupPFG Environmental 
Working  GroupsBoard Committees
Management Committees
New Working GroupSee below for a guide to the new governance  structure:
Colleagues Climate change 45
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Carbon offsetting 
We continue to offset our direct operational 
carbon  f ootprint. We do this by financing sustainable 
development projects around the world which help 
to mitigate the effects our operations have on 
the climate.
This year, we offset 4,507 tonnes of CO2e, which 
accounted for all of the Group’s 2020 operational 
footprint. These emissions were offset through 
the purchase of carbon offset certificates in the 
Weyerhaeuser Carbon Sequestration Project 
in La Pitanga, Uruguay. 
The forest sector of Uruguay plays a significant role 
in the socio-economic development of the country, 
especially its interior regions. The project comprises 
a total of 18,191 hectares of land previously under extensive grazing by beef cattle, converted into 
forest  plantations for value added, long-lived 
timber products and for sequestering carbon dioxide from the atmosphere in different pools, 
reverting the existing soil degradation process 
that  has been occurring for several years. The 
project will ultimately remove a total amount 
of 5,652,922 tonnes of carbon dioxide in a period 
of 100 years or an average of 56,529 tonnes of 
carbon dioxide per year.The project also delivers a range of positive 
environmental and social impacts, including:
 –the reduction of rural poverty through the generation of high-quality and stable employment, 
and reverting the process of rural migration to 
big cities in a region of Uruguay with elevated levels of poverty;
 –the creation of almost 260 job positions during the agrarian phase, and provision of support to 
around 70 local farmers who are able to graze 
cattle on the farms in the project; and 
 –the provision of support to important ecosystems such as Sierra de Rios, Rio Yaguaron and Arroyo 
Tacuari which are the home to a number of 
vulnerable species or are at high risk of extinction in the wild environment.
Through the investment we make to this project, 
we are also able to contribute to four of the SDGs 
which relate to the decent work and economic growth, responsible consumption and production, 
climate action and life on land.Offsetting our  
carbon footprint
Image to be supplied
4,507 
tonnes of CO2e offset
Colleagues Climate change 46
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Set out below are key reductions in our carbon footprint which 
occurred throughout 2020, when compared to the same period in 2019. It is acknowledged that the Covid-19 pandemic has likely had a significant impact on our carbon footprint and is a key contributor to these reductions. We will continue to monitor our carbon 
footprint this year and reduce it in the future. 
29%
of waste was recycled
53%
reduction in our total 
reported greenhouse 
gas emissions  67%
reduction in Company car fuel consumption
68%
reduction in the amount of miles colleagues drive their own cars  on business60%
reduction in the tonnes  of CO
2e emitted through  
company car travelReducing our  
carbon footprint
84%
reduction in our air travel mileage
Read more 
Meeting the TCFD recommendations  44
Our carbon footprint  48
Details of our scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions  49 and 50
45% 
reduction in our total  
scope 1 and 2 (and 
associated scope 3)
emissions
Colleagues Climate change 47
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Our carbon footprint 
(tonnes CO 2e)
2020 2019
Scope 1 (tonnes CO2e)
 Gas use†230 266
 Diesel and petrol†178 434
Scope 2 (tonnes CO2e)
 Electricity use 1,113 1,502
Scope 3 (tonnes CO2e)
 Scope 1 and 2 associated ‘well-to-tank’ emissions†‡327 500
 Employee air travel 16 91
 Employee rail travel 4 77
 Grey fleet (employee own vehicle travel) 2,073 5,218
 Waste collection and management 102 13
 Scope 3 associated ‘well-to-tank’ emissions‡440 1,367
 Water 24Not
measured
*  O ur emissions are reported in accordance with WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol. We use 
a financial control approach to account for our GHG emissions and use emission conversion factors 
from Defra/DECC’s GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2020. Our GHG emissions are 
calculated using energy use data  accessed via meters and energy suppliers, and from records of 
fuel use, business travel bookings and waste management data. Where challenges have occurred 
in obtaining data, estimates have been used and assured by  our assurance provider. Water has been 
totally excluded from reporting this year due to severe difficulty in obtaining accurate data.
†  M andatorily reported emissions to meet the Companies Act 2006 (Strategic Report and Directors’ 
Reports) Regulations 2013.
‡  G HG emissions associated with the production, transportation and distribution of fuels used by 
transport and  utilities providers.5+4+24+7+1+1+45+2+10+1+DTotal 
4,507*
(2019: 9,468)Scope 1: 408
(2019: 700)
Scope 2: 1,113(2019: 1,502)
Scope 3: 2,986(2019: 7,266)Like any other company, Provident Financial’s business activities impact the environment, 
whether this occurs directly as a result of the energy that is used by our offices and by 
our people when they travel, or indirectly through the activities in our supply chains.  
We are committed to minimising our environmental impacts, in particular to reducing  
the greenhouse gas emissions associated with our business activities, thereby  
lessening our contribution to climate change.
Colleagues Climate change 48
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Scope 1 and 2 emissions – gas,  
company vehicles and electricity
During 2020, our scope 1 and 2 (and associated scope 3) emissions 
accounted for 1,848 tonnes of CO2e. 
This means we have reduced our carbon by 69% against our 2015 baseline, which is outlined in the chart below against our 2020 target. A closer look at
scope emissions
Direct emissions from sources owned or 
controlled by us, e.g. gas used in our boilers  or fuel in company-owned cars.
Indirect emissions from the generation of 
purchased energy in our business, specifically from electricity.
All other indirect emissions, or emissions 
created on our behalf. The scope 3 emissions we calculate cover our colleagues’ travel by train, plane and their own vehicles, waste management and ‘well-to-tank’ emissions associated with the production of fuel.2017
2018
2019
20202016Scope 1 and 2 (and associated scope 3) (tonnes CO 2e)
5,116
1,8485,040
3,852
2,7021 2 1 Scope 1
2 Scope 2
3 Scope 3Scope 1 emissions
Scope 2 emissions
TargetScope 1 and 2 associated 
‘well-to-tank’ emissions2015
5,881Intensity ratio
0.88
scope 1 and 2  
(and associated scope 3)  
kg of CO 2e/per customer
2020 target
4,117
Colleagues Climate change 49
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
2019  7,298Scope 3 emissions and business travel
We continuously look to increase the breadth of our 
scope 3 reporting. However, we have not added any 
new elements in to our reporting whilst we focus on 
improving our data accuracy and transparency as well as committing to reporting in line with the Science Based Targets Initiative from next year. The decision to 
do this from next year is largely due to the fact that our 
scope 3 footprint has fallen this year due to Covid-19 impacting our ability to undertake business travel. 
Therefore, it would not be appropriate to use our 
2020  carbon footprint as a baseline for a 
science -b ased target. 
During 2020, we saw a significant reduction in the 
GHG  emissions associated with our ‘grey’ fleet. This 
was due to the travel restrictions that were introduced 
throughout the year which resulted in colleagues 
making fewer journeys to see customers. In place of 
these visits, we rolled out Provident Direct, which gives customers access to a non-face-to-face payment channel through a Continuous Payment Authority.Business travel GHG emissions  (tonnes CO2e) 
Business travel distance (miles) 
PF Company car fuel usage (litres)0 1,000 2,000 3,000 4,000 5,000 6,000 7,000 8,000 9,000 10,0002018 Rail travel:  4 
 ( 2019: 77)
 Air travel: 16 
 (2019: 91) 
 Travel-associated ‘well-to-tank’ emissions: 475
 (2019: 1,478) 
 Company car (diesel and petrol use): 178
 (2019: 434) 
 Grey fleet: 2,073
 (2019: 5,218) 
Air travel45,669 (2019: 288,776)
Rail travel297,290 (2019: 1,167,100)
Grey fleet mileage5,945,671 (2019: 18,305,919)
CCD and Moneybarn Company car mileage 509,570 (2019: 1,465,211)
2,307 (2019: 6,922)11,0003
10,588A closer look at scope 
emissions continued
2017 7,086
Total waste generated
389 (2019: 397)
Recycled
113 (2019: 206)Waste (tonnes) 
Landfill
216 (2019: 53) 44%
of waste was recycled or sent 
for energy recovery  
(2019: 87%)2020 2,746
Sent for energy recovery
59 (2019: 138)
Colleagues Climate change 50
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Social impact Ethics and compliance Our business
Supporting our Purpose through
In this section
52  Our theory of change 
53  Our social impact in 2020Our social impact strategy supports our Blueprint by 
addressing key barriers to financial and social inclusion 
and helping people overcome them.our Social Impact 
Programme
Climate change Social impact 51
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Our theory of change
Our community investment strategy supports our Purpose by addressing 
key barriers to inclusion and helping people overcome them.
What we do We do this through Why we do this
Invest in activities and initiatives 
that address key factors which 
may  affect someone’s likelihood 
of being accepted for credit.Ensuring colleagues have the skills to 
deal with customers with additional needs. 
Supporting independent research into financial decision making. 
Supporting financial education, 
including for hard to reach groups.
Funding a range of debt 
advice  organisations.To ensure our customers and others 
have access to appropriate financial 
services. Where they do not, to help 
them recognise and overcome the barriers to financial inclusion.
To ensure help is available to those 
with additional needs and those 
in financial difficulty. 
Support children, young people 
and adults to boost their education, 
skills and aspirations, in order to participate in society and secure 
a brighter financial future. Providing support for programmes to boost the literacy and numeracy 
of children, young people and adults.
Offering young people and adults 
insights into the world of work and 
the skills that will help them secure 
opportunities, including employment. The right skill set is essential for 
social  inclusion. Those who live in 
disadvantaged communities can lack 
confidence, as well as awareness of 
where and how they might acquire 
skills or boost those they have. Developing skills promotes personal confidence, aspiration and the 
potential to participate in society.
Support community projects 
in areas where people are 
more  likely to face social 
and financial exclusion.Providing grants to grassroots 
organisations and charities through 
Community Foundations which will 
support local people in improving aspects of their life.To help people overcome 
personal  difficulties that might 
be preventing them from feeling 
socially or financially included in 
the communities in which they 
live and work.Our core themes
Customers
Education 
Community partners
Climate change Social impact 52
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
In this chapter, you will find some of the highlights from  
our Social Impact Programme in  2020. Our social impact 
in 2020
£8,169 
donated to colleague  
fundraising efforts(2019: £29,817)£1.2m
invested to support communityprogrammes, money advice  programmes and social research  (2019: £1.45m)
£265k
distributed to 44 grass roots voluntary organisations via Community Foundations
509
hours volunteered 
by colleagues during 
work  hours  
(2019: 2,224)Read more on page 54  
54,000+
people engaged with the  
National Numeracy Challenge  
during May 202087+12+1+GTotal 
£1.2m
(2019: £1.45m)
  Cash: £1,035,984 
 (2019: £1,249,818)2020 community investment figures
  Management costs: £143,129 
 (2019: £149,605)
  Value of employee time: £11,219
 (2019: £48,715)
Climate change Social impact 53
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Supporting our
communities
The primary way in which PFG fulfils its Purpose is through the 
provision of credit to customers who are not well served by  other 
lenders or are  excluded altogether by them. 
We do this by responsibly providing our customers with appropriate amounts of credit, 
maintaining close contact with them throughout the term of their loan and supporting 
them sympathetically if  they experience difficulties. It  is through this knowledge and 
understanding of our customers, and the market we have proudly served since 1880, that 
we have been able to develop our approach to  community investment and ensure that it 
is aligned with the Group’s Purpose of helping to put people on a  path to a better everyday life.
Our community investment activities are delivered through our Group-wide Social Impact Programme. The strategy of this programme is to invest in activities and 
initiatives which seek to address some of the key factors which, on their own or acting 
together, can reduce social and/or financial inclusion.
These factors include (although are not limited to) lack of literacy or numeracy skills; 
disabilities and/or mental health issues; unemployment or under-employment; low levels of educational attainment; and low, uncertain or fluctuating incomes.
The Provident Financial Social Impact Programme delivers community investment 
activities under the following three workstreams:
Customers  – working with charities and specialist partners to provide support which 
addresses issues such as customer vulnerability, product accessibility and financial 
difficulties.
Education  – supporting children, young people and adults to boost their education, skills 
and aspirations in order to participate in society and secure a brighter financial future.Community  – supporting Community Foundations and other partners to address 
the wide range of social inclusion and social mobility issues that are relevant to 
our customers and the communities where we operate.
Read more 
Serving our customers in a responsible manner  23
Working with education partners  55 to 57
Community Foundations projects  
supported in 2020  60 to 62
Climate change Social impact 54
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Whilst periods of lockdown and local restriction tiers 
are something we have all become accustomed to 
for over a year, the closure of our school gates has 
been one of the most difficult consequences of the 
Covid-19 pandemic, particularly for those students from disadvantaged backgrounds. It was right to close our schools in order to protect the NHS and 
reduce the spread of the virus, however it left some 
children and families in a difficult position to home-educate, with schools having to switch 
to online learning. 
The education partners we support have 
worked  hard during these difficult times to ensure 
disadvantaged students and vulnerable families get the help they need.
National Literacy Trust
During the first lockdown, the National Literacy Trust were able to support over 300,000 children and young people with printed writing materials and 
books and over 500,000 with access to high-quality digital literacy resources. 
Here at PFG, we were able to print and deliver resource packs to local foodbanks who then provided copies to digitally excluded families
.
This need continued with each lockdown. We know that 1 in 11 children didn’t have a book at home, many families could not access online learning, and 30% 
of low income households have bad or no broadband connection. Alongside 
this, it’s now well understood that lockdown impacts negatively on wellbeing.
To support literacy and wellbeing in disadvantaged communities during lockdown, the charity focused on three key areas:
1.  d elivering high-quality programme content for teachers to support 
the delivery of online learning and in-school teaching for vulnerable and key workers’ children through literacytrust.org.uk ;
2.  pr oviding reading resources and activities for parents through 
wordsforlife.org.uk ; and 
3.  gi ving digitally excluded children and young people printed resources 
to support their learning, distributed through their Hubs and partnerships.
In addition, we were able to work with the charity to adapt their Words for Work programme, which provides young people with the communication skills they need for the workplace, so that it could be delivered digitally. Moreover, colleagues volunteered online to help deliver virtual 
CV masterclasses.
We are so grateful for PFG’s support over the last year. Their 
partnership helped us immediately respond to school closures, giving us flexibility to adapt our programmes for home learning and 
digital delivery. They even helped us print and distribute literacy packs across Bradford, ensuring families using local foodbanks 
could access learning resources and activities to do at home. We 
look forward to continuing our support for disadvantaged children, 
young people and families in our shared communities.
Jonathan Douglas CBE
Chief Executive of the National Literacy TrustCase study
Quality Education
We will contribute to ensuring inclusive and equitable 
quality education and promote lifelong learning 
opportunities for all by partnering with organisations 
that will help to equip children and adults with essential 
skills  and knowledge.
Unlocking talent 
during lockdown
Climate change Social impact 55
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Education case studies
Becoming a numeracy champion in the community
We are also working with National Numeracy to trial its new Becoming a 
Numeracy Champion training: Maths, Money and Mindset, for those who 
work in community-facing roles and who regularly communicate directly 
with clients or provide support to members of the community. The aim 
of the programme is to tackle the issues around maths anxiety in the 
UK and how low number confidence can impact on someone’s ability 
or willingness to engage in conversations about maths and money.
It’s 100% made a difference to my work 
already – much more than expected. 
It really  changed the way I look at 
programme design and think about how 
our services can  be more suitable for people 
with poor numeracy. We can’t continue to 
not think about that when we design our 
services. I  learnt that numeracy is not just 
a niche issue, it’s a huge issue that impacts 
so many  people’s lives.
Community Partner Participant 
Becoming a Numeracy Champion  
in the Community workshopCase study
Numbers for Life
Across the UK roughly 4 in 5 adults have a low level 
of numeracy, but just what do we mean by numeracy?
Numeracy is not always taught in the classroom: it 
means having the confidence and skills to use maths 
to solve problems in everyday life. For instance: 
 –at work – understanding spreadsheets and data;
 –in managing our finances – setting and keeping 
to a budget, understanding interest rates, 
understanding the financial implications 
of borrowing money, working out how much 
money  to put into a pension; and
 –as parents – helping children with homework, 
playing board and puzzle games with children.
As a financial services business, we have a 
responsibility to make sure colleagues are explaining 
our products to customers correctly and we want 
our customers to understand the terms of products 
they are signing up for, too. To do that, they need basic numeracy skills.
 In 2020, we were once again lead supporters 
of National Numeracy Day. The day looks to raise 
awareness of the importance of numeracy and 
helps people take steps to improve their skills. In 
the midst of lockdown, National Numeracy were 
able to adapt the day to run as an online festival. More than 50,000 people signed up to improve 
their  numeracy skills during May 2020. 
With many parents finding themselves in charge 
of home learning, there has never been such a 
stark need to empower children and adults to get on with numbers so they can fulfil their potential.
In light of this, National Numeracy wanted to 
support parents, carers and teachers with the 
challenges of remote learning and for every family 
to know that they can help their children with maths without having to be an expert. So, they launched some free online resources and activities that focus 
on helping parents, carers and teachers support 
children to develop number confidence and 
a positive attitude to maths.Case study
54,000+ people engaged with the National Numeracy 
Challenge in May 2020 as a result of collaborative funding 
from 13 companies, including PFG.
Read the Impact Report 2020 here:  
https://www.nationalnumeracy.org.uk/sites/default/files/
images/news-and-media/national_numeracy_day_2020_-_impact_report.pdf
Climate change Social impact 56
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Social Mobility Business Partnership (SMBP)
During the summer some of our colleagues played virtual hosts 
to Year 11 students in Bradford as part of a national Work Insight 
and Skills Week organised by SMBP.
SMBP is a charity which provides an innovative programme, bringing 
together large corporate organisations and professional sports clubs 
to remove barriers, develop skills and provide experiences to sixth 
form and college students from disadvantaged backgrounds. The programme helps build aspirations and inspire them to pursue a career in a profession that they may not have previously considered. 
Usually, the event we deliver as part of the week is held in our Bradford 
head office, but due to school closures and lockdown restrictions 
the event was delivered online. Colleagues volunteered to deliver 
presentations and workshops on a range of legal and professional topics to inspire the young people who attended. 
1,710 
the number of SHS 
interventions with families 
who were receiving casework 
support during 2020 
by the GroupEducation case studies continued
Team Provident rose to the challenge of providing a virtual 
Provident Financial Day this year. 
The day provided the students with a great insight into the 
workings of a large  corporate organisation and will hopefully 
help to broaden their understanding of the different career 
opportunities available to  them which they shouldn’t be afraid 
to seek out. We were also  able to share our Blueprint behaviours 
with them and show them how these could equally apply to 
them, as they should be hungry for better, act like it’s their own and seek out and take opportunities in life as they come along. This day hopefully gave them ideas, thoughts and inspiration 
as they start  to map out a  career path for themselves.
Mary Preston Group LawyerSchool-Home Support (SHS) 
There are many barriers that can prevent a child from getting to 
school in a morning. This can be because of personal struggles they 
may have, or perhaps financial, psychological or other challenges 
the parent or guardian may have. 
SHS is a charity which places practitioners into schools across the 
country to work with children and families who need support the most. 
We provide funding for a practitioner at a school in Bradford and also 
at two schools in Chatham. 
During the lockdowns in 2020, the charity has seen demand for its 
services more than quadruple but have continued delivering vital 
support to families facing issues such as domestic violence and food 
poverty. They also helped out with delivering digital devices to those without access.
In the lead-up to Christmas, our colleagues took part in a gift-giving 
appeal which  meant that disadvantaged children across the UK woke 
up to gifts on Christmas morning. 
We continued to work with all our partners through these difficult 
times and have been flexible with our funding to allow them to adapt 
the programmes to  work for the less privileged young people and 
families they support.
As an SHS practitioner working in a secondary school in  Bradford, 
I see how the added pressure of Christmas impacts the families 
I work with. Christmas isn’t always a happy time for families and even more so this year. I’m working with young people and their families who have had significant bereavements, parents who have lost their jobs due to the pandemic, living in poverty and suffering from poor mental health. These 
gifts  will make a big difference and take away some of the 
pressures parents and carers feel around this time of the year.
SHS practitioner
Case study Case study
Climate change Social impact 57
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Supporting grass roots voluntary 
organisations through the pandemic
We have developed partnerships with Community 
Foundations throughout the UK to enable us to 
distribute grants effectively to organisations who 
are supporting the Community Foundations where our business operates. Community Foundations are place-based funders, working with local 
donors, funders and businesses to ensure that their 
grant-making is location-specific, tackling issues that are pertinent to their locality. Their insight and 
expertise are crucial to our partnerships. By working 
with Community Foundations, we have the confidence that we are directing our funding to the places where 
it is needed the most, and, in doing so, contribute 
to the sustainability of the small charity sector.
Whilst the Covid-19 pandemic has had a significant 
and ongoing impact on all sectors of the UK economy, 
it’s put into sharp focus the huge strain that has been 
placed on the voluntary sector and has highlighted the important role this sector is playing to help support vulnerable groups throughout the virus 
outbreak. The sector will undoubtedly continue to play 
a crucial part in supporting them as we move beyond the pandemic and into a recovery phase. Not only has 
the voluntary sector been called upon to support new 
and emerging Covid-related issues, as well as continuing their existing services, but they have seen many of their income sources disappear. They have 
had to adapt quickly and deliver services differently, 
which has also come at a financial cost. However, there has also been widespread acknowledgement 
that it has been the small grass roots organisations 
to whom many have turned for support. This is no 
surprise as those providing frontline services into 
their  communities are also those who often hold 
the greatest trust of the people they seek to help.Our priority at the start of the outbreak was to 
speak to our Community Foundation partners to 
understand the issues and challenges that they 
were facing into. Whilst talking to each of them, 
a consistent theme evolved whereby, alongside a 
need to raise urgent funding to help build capacity in the sector to respond to the crisis’ immediate 
needs, there has also been an urgent requirement 
to protect pipeline funding. Social and financial exclusion will present ever more challenges as we come through the other side of the pandemic, and 
small charities and community groups will be key 
to keeping communities on their feet. We therefore made the decision that rather than divert funding 
into the various emergency funds which have been 
set up, we would maintain our Social Impact Funds to enable the small voluntary organisations to continue their existing support programmes in 
the medium to longer term. In 2020, we were 
able  to award grants totalling over £265k to 
44 community  organisations. 
Our Community Foundation partners also told 
us that, unsurprisingly, flexibility for grantees was 
a priority. So, allowing our existing grants to be 
repurposed and used by our partners based on immediate need was essential. This meant that 
funding could be used in a variety of ways such 
as for additional core, service delivery and 
volunteering costs, ensuring that partners could 
continue  to meet their charitable objectives 
whilst  remaining viable in the longer term.
Ultimately, as funders, it has been vital for us to 
seek  the best ways to support and sustain small 
charities and community groups because without 
these frontline organisations, our communities It’s been important during the  pandemic 
for our funders to  understand and 
respond  to the  challenges faced by 
their  communities. Our strong working 
relationship with PFG allowed us to have 
an early dialogue about the needs of our 
beneficiaries here in Scotland. This meant 
that through open and honest conversations, 
we could ensure PFG’s funding was directed 
to the  organisations best-placed to deliver 
trusted support in their communities at 
a time of heightened need.
Jennifer McPhailFoundation ScotlandCommunity partners
Our current partners are listed on page 59 
face  an even tougher recovery from the 
impacts  of Covid-19. Community Foundations 
are undoubtedly a core part of that solution and 
working with them has helped us to ensure we’ve 
been able to adapt our support to meet the needs 
of grantees and ensure that our funding continues 
to reach those who need it most. 
The Group has also continued to work closely with 
Leeds Community Foundation, not only as a funder, but also to support their ongoing development 
in Bradford. This partnership work is important to 
the business as a long-established Community Foundation supporter and large employer in the 
city. It is also essential that a robust giving platform 
exists for individuals as well as the public and private sectors to guarantee the sustainability 
of small charities and voluntary organisations 
across the Bradford District. The Group also contributes to the wider functioning of Leeds 
Community Foundation as a member of its Board.
You can read more about how we involve our 
colleagues in the grant-making process on page  66.
We will contribute to reducing inequality by building our 
capabilities to better identify, support and empower our 
stakeholders who may face inequality and exclusion.
Reduced 
Inequalities
Climate change Social impact 58
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
How our Community Foundation  
partnerships work
 –Community Foundation Wales
 –Essex Community Foundation
 –Foundation Scotland
 –Hampshire & Isle of Wight 
Community Foundation
 –Kent Community Foundation
 –Leeds Community Foundation
 –London Community FoundationCommunity Foundation partners
Strategic criteria
 –Improving people’s personal finance capabilities (debt and 
financial advice/education)
 –Improving physical and/or 
mental health
 –Providing support which enhances, creates and sustains 
positive family relationships
 –Addressing issues of low 
educational attainment and 
improving learning outcomes
 –Providing people with 
opportunities to reduce 
inequality, exclusion and 
disadvantage, including 
projects  which increase 
access  to employment£Funding disbursement
7 
social
impact
funds1. PFG agrees grant sizes and any special criteria with the Community Foundation
 +Strategic 
criteria
3. Community Foundation receives and assesses grant applications and undertakes due diligence2. Community Foundation opens and advertises 
the Provident Social Impact Fund
4. Community Foundation presents short-listed applications to PFG colleague grants panel
5. Colleague grants panel reviews applications 
and meets to agree grants to be awarded
6. Community Foundation distributes grants and carries out ongoing monitoring and evaluationPROVIDENT  
VOLUNTEER
Climate change Social impact 59
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Community Foundation Grant recipient Project description
Essex Community Foundation
 Basildon Community Resource Centre To provide advice on welfare rights, benefits and housing needs, as well as helping people to complete 
forms or liaise with service providers.
Basildon Foodbank To deliver three-day emergency food parcels to individuals who have received a referral voucher from another local agency such as Citizens Advice or children’s centre.
Citizens Advice South Essex To provide free advice covering a number of issues that can affect people’s lives such as benefits, 
housing  or unemployment.
Signpost To establish a job club at the Advice Store in Basildon which provides support for people who are unemployed, looking to change their careers or learn new skills.
South Essex Advocacy Services To extend operational hours of an advocacy service for victims of financial abuse covering the districts 
of Basildon, Rochford and Rayleigh.
London Community Foundation
 Future M.O.L.D.S Communities To deliver weekly physical activity sessions to young people aged 13-18 years and their families from the Gascoigne Estate, and also supporting the development of parenting skills.
Barking & Dagenham Ab Phab Youth Club To continue and expand delivery of weekly sessions to build the confidence and skills of 30 young people with disabilities and/or mental health conditions.
Refugee and Migrant Forum of East London To deliver immigration casework to disadvantaged young refugees and migrants who are entitled 
to be in the UK but cannot afford to regularise their status.
Rainham Foodbank To pilot a weekly debt advice service over one year, comprising three advice and advocacy drop in/appointment sessions per week and ten volunteer opportunities.
Excel Women’s Association To support up to 900 disadvantaged BAME women over one year through the provision of advice, support, training, events and activities.
Barking & Dagenham Progress Project To deliver a Healthy Lives programme for young people aged 11-25 with disabilities, offering sessions which cover sports, arts and outings.
Sarah Agnes Foundation To fund six counselling sessions to disadvantaged people and families to support them to cope and recover from the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Empowering Deaf Society To deliver workshops on various topics including health and wellbeing and fund a dedicated caseworker 
to support for deaf adults from Barking and Dagenham.
My Family Organisation To deliver training courses reaching 30 BAME young people in Barking and Dagenham who are not 
in education, employment or training followed by support to secure part-time or weekend work.
Wellgate Community Farm To deliver a supported volunteering scheme for 30 people who are not in education, employment 
or training and/or isolated people.Projects supported through our PFG Social Impact Programme funds
Climate change Social impact 60
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Community Foundation Grant recipient Project description
Kent Community Foundation
 Evelina Children’s Heart Organisation To support children and young people with heart conditions, and their families.
Medway Watersports Ltd To work with mainstream and disability schools across Medway to provide them with access to watersports.
Rochester Indoor Skatepark Club To engage and support young people, mainly from Medway towns, in physical activity and provide 
an opportunity to express themselves by enabling them to access a skatepark. 
Slide Away To deliver workshops and ‘memory days’, and provide a safe and caring environment where children 
have  time and space to deal with bereavement.
Swale Gloves Amateur Boxing Club To fund the purchase of a vehicle to enable local, young people to be transported to boxing events 
and support the delivery of healthy lifestyle sessions.
The Princess Project To support younger mums, especially those who are socially isolated, that have physical and/or mental 
health problems or have previous experiences of domestic violence. 
Foundation Scotland
 Articulate Cultural Project To establish a ‘creative assistant’ programme for young adults which trains them in how to support 
other  young adults through the delivery of creative experiences.
Fablevision To support the continued delivery of a creative media skills development programme for the long-term unemployed in a Covid-safe environment.
Feel Women’s Group To continue to deliver free fitness classes for women from BAME backgrounds.
Finding Your Feet To provide counselling to individuals who have suffered the loss of one or more limbs.
Kingston Gymnastics Club To contribute to the cost of purchasing a children’s agility and balance set piece of gym equipment 
and covering the cost of coaches to enable class fees to be removed.
Potential in Me To organise an online package of coaching/mentoring for families, bringing together two existing 
projects  into one, all-encompassing programme.
Youth Interventions To contribute to the salary of the Young Person’s Emotional Wellbeing Practitioner.Projects supported through our PFG Social Impact Programme funds continued
Climate change Social impact 61
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Community Foundation Grant recipient Project description
Community Foundation Wales
 CETMA To provide individuals with advice and guidance so that they can re-evaluate their home finances, 
showing them how to make changes for the better.
Hope Church Rhydyfelin To provide a Christians Against Poverty ‘Life Skills’ course for 15 people, to give them the tools to budget correctly, cook nutritional meals, and perform household running tasks.
Ystradgynlais Mind To provide support to new mothers and their partners to address the specific perinatal mental health needs that have arisen during the Covid-19 crisis.
Inside Out Cymru To develop a creative hub in Newport to improve the mental health and wellbeing of young people 
and adults. 
Steps4change To create a support service for the growing number of people living within deprived communities who 
are suffering from stress, anxiety and mental health problems.
Newport Yemeni Community Association To create an online homework club that will allow children to engage with tutors and access support 
in key subjects such as maths, English and science.
Leeds Community Foundation
 Bradford Community Broadcasting (BCB) To support young people to increase their oracy skills, confidence, self-esteem and educational 
outcomes  through the production of radio programmes for broadcast on BCB radio.
Common Wealth Theatre To run a series of campaigns, workshops and events, designed, produced and delivered by Bradford-based young women and girls who are committed to creating social change.
Muslim Women’s Council To enable and encourage Muslim mothers to have the confidence to empower and support their daughters to achieve their full potential and build active independence.
Peak Tuition Academy To raise children’s career aspirations whilst developing their science capital, enhancing employability 
and bridging lost learning due to the Covid-19 lockdown.
Hampshire and  
IOW Community Foundation
Enterpride CIC To support and encourage the development of enterprise initiatives which allow greater work opportunities for people with learning disabilities.
Frontline Petersfield To provide individuals with confidential benefit and debt advice.
Hayling College To support school-aged children from deprived backgrounds to participate in Duke of Edinburgh Award Scheme extra-curricular activity.
Headway Portsmouth and South East 
HampshireTo provide information, support, training, advice and signposting for adults with acquired/traumatic 
brain  injury.
Kings Arms Youth Centre To contribute to funding for the provision of a mentoring service for vulnerable teenagers.
Wecock Community Association To provide social welfare, recreation, leisure activities and youth provision, supporting many single 
parents,  the unemployed and people with poor physical/mental health.Projects supported through our PFG Social Impact Programme funds continued
Climate change Social impact 62
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Building confidence and aspiration 
Keighley Association for Women and Children’s Centre (KAWACC) is 
a s mall, needs-driven organisation that advocates for vulnerable and 
disadvantaged women. With a grant from The Manjit Wolstenholme 
Fund, set up in memory of PFG’s former Executive Chair, they were 
able  to provide mentoring to build the skills, interest in and confidence 
of young girls to  consider science, technology, engineering and 
mathematics (STEM) subjects as a career.
“Having finished my A-Ievels, I came to KAWACC following advice from 
my mum because I’d always had an interest in engineering. Through the Manjit Wolstenholme Fund grant, I had STEM sessions which were 
very empowering. That led to one-to-one sessions where we worked 
on my personal statement and CV, and focused on career advice, because I was looking to apply for part-time jobs. One of the positions I applied for, and got, was at KAWACC, where I had to develop and run 
an environmental project and lead sessions with other girls.
KAWACC has helped me realise the opportunities available 
to me. In this area, not many people have the drive to go into higher education. They have some sort of barrier built up, especially if you’re an Asian girl. Having support in a women’s centre like this makes it more accessible. I feel a lot more confident in the next steps I’m going to take. I’ve decided 
to retake my A-levels so I can improve and expand my 
opportunities. I’m certainly more adaptable and know 
I have  the right skills for the next stage in my life, 
whatever  that  brings!
AyeshaKAWACC service userCommunity Foundation  
case studies
PFG Social  
Impact Fund 
grants awarded to
44
small voluntary 
organisations 
in 2020Community Foundation grant case study
Climate change Social impact 63
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Working in partnership with Hampshire & Isle of Wight Community 
Foundation (HIWCF), grants totalling £25,000 were awarded to six 
voluntary organisations during 2020. The funds were given to small 
organisations operating across Havant, Gosport, Fareham and Petersfield who are providing activities to support disadvantaged 
and vulnerable people in their local communities, thereby enabling 
them to address the barriers to social and financial inclusion.
The six organisations receiving grants were: Enterpride CIC, Frontline 
Petersfield, Hayling College, Headway Portsmouth and East Hampshire, the Kings Arms Youth Centre, and the Wecock Community Association. Enterpride CIC is supporting greater work opportunities for people 
with learning disabilities at Storey Garden in Leigh Park. Our grant 
will enable development of a new community garden and help to 
purchase display units, cold storage facilities, seeds and plants, 
allowing fresh vegetables and produce to be sold at Staunton 
Country Park.
Debbie Lyall, Enterpride CIC, commented: “These funds will enhance 
our provision, assisting us to develop a new enterprise initiative, 
The Plant & Produce Store, where our teams will market and sell 
what  they  grow. This will add a new ‘Supported Work Opportunity’ 
to our Staunton Country Park provision and hopefully paid work in the 
future  for some. People with learning disabilities have less than a 6% 
chance of work, so this project is important and the funds essential.”
A grant for Hayling College in Havant is offering young people 
access  to the Duke of Edinburgh Award Scheme, allowing them 
to get involved in volunteering, learning new skills, training and the 
opportunity to take part in physical activities and expeditions.Jonathan Pomfret, Duke of Edinburgh Award Scheme Manager at 
Hayling College, said: “We’re incredibly grateful for this grant which 
will help us to make  the Duke of Edinburgh experience accessible 
to any pupil with  an interest. We understand that outdoor education 
can quickly become quite an expensive hobby – and with so many 
families having endured a really tough 2020, this funding will mean 
that no  young person at The Hayling College will miss out because 
of finances.”
Headway Portsmouth and South East Hampshire has seen a rise 
in mental health issues due to Covid-19, with the Group changing 
the way they deliver support to ensure clients remain safe.
Joy Ward, Funding Strategy & Trading Support Manager at Headway Portsmouth and South East Hampshire, said: “We are thrilled to 
have  received a grant to deliver an inclusive service for 100 adults 
in Gosport and Fareham, living with the effects of brain injury. Brain 
injury has a huge impact on family life, finances, and an individual’s relationships. Headway provides support with information, guidance, 
and training in a nurturing environment. The outreach programme 
will include structured social activities and sports therapy, enabling 
attendees to socialise, share experiences, offer peer support and 
build friendships.”Community Foundation case studies continued
Spotlight on our Moneybarn Social Impact Fund
We would like to thank the team at Moneybarn for their 
continued support for our local communities through their 
generous corporate social giving programme, helping to meet the needs of local people and giving them the life opportunities that they deserve. The Moneybarn grants aim to benefit those in the most deprived communities, and we know that hotspots of deprivation exist in Hampshire, particularly within the Havant and Gosport areas. Covid-19 has had a massive impact on local charitable and community organisations, many of whom are still reeling from the increase in demand for their services since lockdown began and this grant funding will make a huge difference to their services and resources.
Rebecca Kennelly MBEHIWCF Chair
Decent Work and 
Economic Growth
We create opportunities for all generations, protect and 
promote labour rights in both our business and supply 
chain  to contribute in achieving sustained, inclusive and 
sustainable economic growth and decent work for all.
Climate change Social impact 64
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Colleague volunteering   
and fundraising
We know that colleagues want to work for a 
business that supports them to make a positive 
and meaningful impact in their communities, 
so in addition to being the ‘right thing to do’, 
enabling this to happen is a crucial element of 
our HR processes. We provide the support and 
tools for them to engage in a variety of ways. 
We have recently reviewed our volunteering 
and matched-funding policy to ensure all 
colleagues across the Group benefit from 
volunteering opportunities. Colleagues are 
able  to take a full day’s paid leave to volunteer 
for a  community organisation or charity of 
their  choosing. 
In addition, we offer a number of Company-led opportunities to colleagues through our Social 
Impact Programme. There is no limit on how 
much Company-led volunteering colleagues can take part in. Here are some examples of volunteering opportunities that colleagues 
can participate in:
 –Community Foundation grants panels;
 –developing employment skills;
 –developing literacy skills for the workplace;
 –reciprocal reading;
 –school business enterprise days; and
 –mental health first aid.Colleagues can also take part in community team challenges. Not only do these provide valuable resource in the community, but 
they  also help colleagues to develop key 
interpersonal skills, such as communication 
and leadership, which they can apply in their 
work environment. During 2020, for obvious reasons these had to be put on hold.
Our matched funding programme continues 
to be popular with colleagues who tell us that 
being able to fundraise for the organisations 
that are close to their hearts is important to 
them. We provide matched funding up to £500 
per person each year and in 2020, colleagues’ causes benefited from matched funding of 
over  £8,169.
We will continue to encourage colleagues 
to volunteer and fundraise by improving 
awareness of and, engagement with, our 
Social  Impact Programme.Crisis at Christmas
During December, we launched a fundraising campaign to raise money for Crisis. Many 
colleagues like to organise their own fundraising 
activities around Christmas in their teams, but 
that is usually reliant on face-to-face interaction. 
For 2020, we decided that we would encourage 
colleagues to instead do something locally, 
whilst  fundraising towards one central cause – 
homelessness. By setting up a fundraising page , 
we encouraged colleagues to see this as the 
virtual  ‘collection bucket’ that they might have 
walked around the office with. We matched all 
of our colleagues’ fundraising efforts which even 
included Vanquis Bank Chief Risk Officer, David Poole, completing a marathon by running a mile 
every hour for 26 hours.
Macmillan Coffee Morning
At a time when colleagues were starting to feel 
the social distance between themselves and 
their  teams, we decided that the Macmillan 
Coffee  Morning would be a great way to get 
people  together for coffee, cake and a chat. Teams 
were encouraged to organise their own bake-offs 
and other activities. Whilst able to make their own 
donations, we donated £5 per person for everyone 
who took part in the virtual coffee morning, to raise funds for this charity to be able to continue delivering its vital services.
Fundraising case study
Climate change Social impact 65
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Providing skilled volunteering support 
Through our long-standing partnership with Bradford-based 
Participate Projects, we were able to provide ad-hoc skilled 
volunteering support for local voluntary organisations in direct 
response to Covid-19. 
Charlotte Nasey, Group Employment Relations and Policy Senior 
Manager, was able to use her expert knowledge to support a local charity to review their HR policies. They needed to understand the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on their own HR practices and 
workforce. Charlotte said: “It was fantastic to be able to use my legal 
skills and advise a business in my local community. I felt like I made 
a real difference and the charity were so grateful for my help.”
Sue Taylor, Group Data Protection Officer, helped a local community centre to review their data protection policies. The pandemic meant 
that their processes and service delivery had to adapt and they 
wanted to ensure they were managing their data in line with guidance. Sue said: “This was a great opportunity to apply my knowledge and experience in a different context to support my 
community. It’s important to me to give something back and this 
felt like an ideal opportunity to do that.”The panel gave me a greater appreciation of 
the diversity within society and a glimpse into 
the amazing work that is taking place. I had a 
real sense of responsibility, by contributing to 
decisions on funding. Everyone on the panel wanted to make a difference.
Rebecca Todd
Internal Audit Manager Provident Financial plcColleague volunteering and fundraising continued
Employee grants panels 
Our Community Foundation partnerships provide the perfect 
opportunity for colleagues to input into the decision making process 
around how our funds are allocated in their local communities. Panel 
volunteers spend time reviewing funding applications and then sit as 
a collective group to discuss and agree which organisations will 
become the grant beneficiaries. This process enables us to access 
the local knowledge that our colleagues have, helping us to make 
better-informed decisions. It also gives them valuable insight and 
a good understanding of the issues that exist in the communities 
where  our customers live and work. 
In 2020, because of the social distancing restrictions that were in 
place,  we held eight online grants panels to help us allocate funding. 
This worked well for the Community Foundations and for all of our colleague participants.I enjoyed being on the panel. It felt good to 
contribute… everyone listened to each other 
and there was some healthy debate. It’s so 
important for people to participate as there may be ideas that others have missed, so these can be shared and everyone’s opinions heard.
Aarati Kapoor
Complaints Quality MonitorVanquis BankCase study
Case study41
colleagues took part in
8
online grants panels
Climate change Social impact 66
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
It’s rewarding being able to share 
your  experiences and put our younger 
generation  at ease about their future. 
It felt empowering doing something 
I’m extremely passionate about.
Amber Gibson
Learning and Development Advisor CCD
I felt proud to take part and I would like  to 
do this again. I feel ambitious and it  has 
given me a new lease of motivation to  keep 
volunteering and building upon my  current 
skill set.
Tuesday FreemanSpecialist Support AgentVanquis BankColleague volunteering and fundraising continued
I would like to thank you tremendously for the opportunity you have given to the children from a deprived area in Bradford. Many children wouldn’t have the opportunity usually to talk to professionals and ‘interrogate’ them about their lives and jobs. They have enjoyed learning about different jobs and careers.
Teacher
Westbourne Primary SchoolHelping young people improve their literacy 
and  employability skills
Colleagues from across the Group were involved in the delivery of the 
National Literacy Trust’s Words for Work programme which provides 
young people with the communication skills they need for the workplace. 
A group of secondary school students took part in a virtual CV masterclass where they learned about the purpose, content and power of a well-written CV. 
In addition, a group of primary school students took part in a virtual 
Words for Work – Dream Big session which helps to develop their 
literacy skills whilst raising aspirations and challenging stereotypes 
through a variety of interactive play and skills-building activities. 
Volunteering case studyDespite school closures colleagues were still able to help raise aspirations 
of young people through virtual activities such as careers talks, mock interview practice sessions, lesson take-overs and work insight days.Raising Aspirations case study
By hearing from the volunteers, the young people were not 
only able to collect top tips for developing their own standout 
CV, but also learn about the importance of an up-to-date CV throughout their careers.
Hannah Hedges
Project Manager, Words for Work National Literacy Trust
Climate change Social impact 67
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Ethics and compliance Our business
Ensuring strong
In this section
69  Our supply chain
70  Engaging investors on CR
71  What makes us a responsible taxpayerIn this chapter you can read more about our work in the  
areas of modern slavery, prompt payment of suppliers,  
how we engage with investors on sustainability matters  
and what makes us a responsible  taxpayer.ethics  and 
compliance
Social impact Ethics and compliance 68
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Our business
Responding to the Modern Slavery  
Act 2015
The Group is committed to understanding the  risks 
posed by modern slavery and human trafficking, 
and ensuring that they do not exist in  our 
businesses or supply chains. 
As a business with a turnover of more than £36m, 
we are required to produce an annual statement which describes the steps that have been taken 
to prevent modern slavery and human trafficking 
from occurring in our supply chain and direct business activities. Our most recent statement, 
dated May 2021, sets out the actions that the Group 
is taking to ensure instances of modern slavery or human trafficking are not occurring directly in our businesses as well as indirectly in the supply chains 
that we use to procure goods and services. The 
statement also communicates the measures we have taken to improve internal understanding 
and awareness around modern slavery, human 
trafficking and other human rights issues.Treating our suppliers fairly
Our suppliers play a vital role in our operations, 
so it is imperative that we encourage best practice 
within our supply chain by ensuring we are compliant with legislation such as the Modern Slavery Act 2015 
and support supplier payment by being signatories 
to the Prompt Payment Code.
We use a large number of suppliers that range 
from  small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) 
to large multinational corporations, and we are 
always seeking to be forward thinking in our 
approach to  supply chain management and 
develop strong supplier relationships to ensure 
we only procure products and services from 
those  who operate in  a responsible manner.
We also understand that many of our suppliers are 
SME businesses and if we do not pay them on time, 
this can cause cash flow challenges. Therefore, we 
have signed up to the Prompt Payment Code, which requires us to pay suppliers within 60 days 
of receiving an invoice, and aim to pay all suppliers 
within 30 days of receiving an invoice. 
In 2020, 97% (2019: 96%) of the Group’s invoices 
were  paid within 60 days and 92% (2019: 86%) 
of them were paid within 30 days.
We will continue to aim to pay all our suppliers, 
in particular smaller businesses, within 30 days. 
As such, we support the reform of the Code which 
obliges signatories to pay all small businesses 
within 30 days – half the time outlined in the 
original Code.Our supply chain
Percentage of companies paid in line  
with the Prompt Payment Code in 2020
91+9+D91%
(2019: 90%)
PF corporate office
93+7+D93%
(2019: 94%)
Consumer Credit  Division100+D100%
(2019: 89%)99+1+D99%
(2019: 99%)
You can view our statement  
on the homepage of our 
corporate website at  
www.providentfinancial.com
Social impact Ethics and compliance 69
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Our business
In 2020, the Group engaged with:
We made our annual submission of climate change data to CDP in 
August 2020. CDP requests information on the risks and opportunities 
of climate change from the world’s largest companies, on behalf of 
over 590 institutional investor signatories with a combined US$110 
trillion of assets under management and 200 plus major purchasers with over US$5.5 trillion in procurement spend. Through the CDP submission, we can inform investors of any material climate 
change-related risks and opportunities, and how we manage 
them.  Our 2020 CDP submission was rated ‘D’ which underlines 
our commitment to be transparent about climate-related issues 
and their potential to impact our business. Our most recent and 
previous CDP submissions are published at www.cdp.net .In November 2020, we were notified of our inclusion in both the 
Dow  Jones Sustainability World Index (DJSI World) and Dow Jones 
Sustainability Europe Index (DJSI Europe) with a score of 61 out of 100. 
The DJSI is a category of the S&P Dow Jones Indices, one of the 
world’s  leading index providers, and our submission will be assessed 
by RobecoSAM, the investment specialist that focuses exclusively on 
sustainability investing. The DJSI World represents the top 10% of the largest 2,500 companies in the S&P Global BMI, and the DJSI Europe 
selects the top 20% of the largest 600 European companies in the 
S&P Global BMI based on long-term economic, environmental and 
social  criteria.Engaging  
investors on CR
We continue to share information on our 
sustainability performance, also referred to 
as environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) performance, alongside our financial performance, with the investment community 
so investors, analysts and other key stakeholders  
can see how we have, in delivering our business 
activities, balanced profit and purpose. We 
do this by responding directly to requests for information from individual investors and analysts, and by maintaining a presence on 
specific investment indices and registers which 
focus on sustainability matters. This enables 
us to  share with the investment community 
information on the progress we are making in terms of delivering our business strategy 
in accordance with our Purpose, and on 
material issues  such as responsible lending, 
customer satisfaction and corporate 
governance, as well as  on a broader spectrum 
of issues such as climate change, inclusion 
and diversity, and human  rights.
Following the annual review undertaken by the FTSE4Good Advisory Committee in 2020, we were once again included in the FTSE4Good 
Index Series. Our  overall score was 4.7 out of 5. The FTSE4Good is  an 
extra-financial market index, which measures the performances of over 800 companies against a range of ESG criteria. To be included 
in the FTSE4Good Indexes companies must: support human rights, 
have good relationships with the various stakeholders, be making progress to become environmentally sustainable, ensure good 
labour  standards in their own company and  in companies that 
supply  them,  and seek to address bribery and  corruption.During the summer of 2020, we engaged with ISS ESG, the responsible investment arm of Institutional Shareholder Services Inc, so that 
a corporate rating assessment of our ESG performance could be 
undertaken. As a result of this assessment, PFG continues to be rated as ‘Prime’, meaning that we fulfil ISS ESG’s demanding requirements 
regarding sustainability performance in our sector.
We continue to share ESG information with 
the investment community, as doing this 
enables us to show how we’re helping to put people on a path to a better everyday life 
by providing our customers with responsible 
and sustainable products and services, 
while  at the same time responding to 
climate  change, inclusion and diversity, 
mental health and wellbeing, and other urgent issues of our time.
Rob Lawson
Head of Sustainability
Social impact Ethics and compliance 70
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Our business
Our approach to tax
Taxes allow governments to fund essential public expenditure, enabling them to meet 
economic and social objectives. Paying tax is a key part of how our business contributes 
to society. 
We are committed to ensuring that we pay the tax we are legally required to pay in all 
the territories in which we operate, we comply with all tax rules and regulations in those 
territories and we safeguard our reputation as a responsible taxpayer. However, we recognise that we also have a duty to protect shareholder value by managing and controlling our tax liabilities. 
Our tax strategy
Our approach to tax is set out in our Board-approved tax strategy which can be accessed on our website at www.providentfinancial.com , and which was last approved 
by the Board in December 2020.
Our tax strategy is aligned with our corporate mission and values. We are committed to 
being a fair and responsible taxpayer, operating in an open, honest and straightforward 
manner in all tax matters and being fair and reasonable in all our dealings with tax authorities.
Our tax strategy is aligned with HMRC’s Code of Practice on Taxation for Banks 
(‘the  Code’) which sets out the principles and behaviours expected of banking 
groups  with regard to tax, and we have unconditionally adopted the Code.
We operate only in the UK and the Republic of Ireland and do not operate, or generate 
revenue, in any other territory. We seek to ensure that all intragroup transactions are priced 
on an arm’s length basis, in particular, transactions with our Irish operation, as well as 
transactions between Vanquis Bank Limited (which is subject to a higher rate of corporation tax as a result of the bank corporation tax surcharge) and the rest of the Group.Our strategy comprises a number of key tax objectives and 
policies and is supported by our tax procedures manual which sets out how the objectives and policies are to be achieved. 
It comprises a number of key principles, including:
 –Payment of taxes. We seek to ensure that we always pay the tax we are legally 
required to pay and comply fully with our tax obligations in all territories in which 
we operate.
 –Dealings with tax authorities.  We are committed to dealing with tax authorities 
openly, honestly and proactively. This includes having a regular and constructive 
dialogue with HMRC across all taxes, seeking advance clearance where tax treatment 
is uncertain and discussing contentious issues as early as possible.
 –Mitigating tax liabilities.  We seek to ensure that genuine commercial transactions 
are structured with clear and unambiguous legislative support so that tax liabilities 
are controlled and minimised, but artificial structures without commercial or 
economic substance which give a result which is inconsistent with the underlying economic position will not be considered.
 –Mitigating and controlling tax risk.  We have a low appetite for tax risk. We set out 
how tax risk is mitigated and controlled by having documented processes and 
controls to ensure the correctness and completeness of data for tax returns and tax 
reporting purposes, documented principles for the involvement of the in-house tax function in transactions and business developments, the allocation of responsibilities between the tax function and the businesses and principles for the involvement of 
external advisors. 
 –Prevention of tax evasion and the facilitation of tax evasion.  We do not tolerate 
any of our employees, agents or suppliers undertaking tax evasion themselves or 
facilitating tax evasion by another person whilst acting for us.What makes us
a responsible  taxpayer
To find out more on our tax strategy visit   
www.providentfinancial.com
Social impact Ethics and compliance 71
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Our business
Tax risk management and principal tax  risks
Our tax strategy, as well as setting out how we 
mitigate and control tax risk, also sets out our tax 
risk management framework. This explains: (a) how 
we identify, evaluate and manage tax risk; (b) independent review and challenge of first-line actions; and (c) independent assurance provided 
through a rolling programme review by the PFG 
Internal Audit function of the processes and internal controls underpinning the reporting and payment 
of UK taxes. 
Insight into risk management and the principal risks 
facing the Group in 2020 is set out on page s 48 to 61 
of the Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020 . 
The principal tax risks facing the Group, how we 
mitigate those risks and progress made in 2020 
are as follows:What makes us a responsible  taxpayer continued
Risk Mitigation and progress in 2020
Self-employed status of agents
The Group has been, and may continue to be, subject to claims brought against it by tax 
authorities challenging the historic employment 
status of the Group’s home credit agents in the 
UK and the employment status of agents in the 
Republic of Ireland (ROI).
Were the Group to be unsuccessful in defending 
such claims, it may be required to make payments to agents and pay additional taxes, in particular, 
national insurance contributions, to the 
relevant  authorities. –In July 2017, the Group changed the operating model of its home credit business in the UK from a 
self-employed agent model to an employed workforce so as to take direct control of all aspects of 
the customer relationship. In the Republic of Ireland, the Group continues to operate a self-employed 
agent operating model.
 –Policies and procedures were in place in the UK up to the transition to the new operating model in 2017 and continue to be in place in the Republic of Ireland to ensure that the relationship between the 
business and the agents it engages is such that self-employed status is maintained. Compliance with 
policies has been routinely evidenced and tested.
 –To date, the Group has successfully defended claims and challenges against the historical employment status of its home credit agents, although there is no guarantee that this will also be the case with future 
claims and challenges.
 –It is understood from discussions with HMRC that they have commenced an industry-wide review of the 
self-employed status of agents in the UK. 
 –The Group’s discussions with HMRC, which are focusing on the period from when the FCA took over responsibility for the regulation of consumer credit in April 2014 to the change of operating model in 
July 2017, remain in the preliminary stages. The Group is working positively and collaboratively with 
HMRC  and it is expected that the review could continue for at least another year. 
 –HMRC has raised protective assessments which have been appealed but these are purely a procedural matter to ensure that, in the event the review concludes that taxes are payable, HMRC can recover 
such  amounts in respect of the oldest year that would otherwise drop out due to the lapse of statutory 
time limits.
 –The Group has worked with HMRC over many years to manage employment status risk and it remains confident based on advice received that agents were self-employed as a matter of law throughout 
their engagement by the home credit business.
Social impact Ethics and compliance 72
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Our business
Tax risk management and principal tax  risks  continued
Risk Mitigation and progress in 2020
Other tax risks
The Group has a number of tax risks across 
corporation tax, VAT and employment taxes. 
These  include:
(a)  t he risk that there is an unforeseen breakdown 
in the systems and processes which underpin the preparation of tax returns and identification 
of tax sensitive matters which results in an item 
being treated incorrectly for tax purposes;
(b)  t he risk that the Group has not put in place 
adequate procedures to meet its legal and compliance obligations; and
(c)  t he risk that tax authorities take a view that 
is different to the view that the Group has 
taken  on the treatment of particular items 
in its tax returns. –We place considerable importance on having in place robust processes and internal controls to ensure the correctness and completeness of data which needs to be captured and treated correctly in the various tax returns that the Group is required to make. As well as allowing the annual Senior Accounting 
Office certification to be made, these processes are a key control in our overall tax governance framework, providing assurance that tax sensitive issues 
are identified and taxes are correctly calculated. 
 –During 2020, the Internal Audit function carried out its annual review of different aspects of the operational effectiveness of processes and internal controls 
over  corporation tax, VAT and the employment status of agents in the home credit business in the Republic of Ireland.
 –An experienced central in-house tax function is in place, supported by tax aware personnel in the businesses, which deals with, or has oversight of, all of the 
Group’s tax matters. 
 –During the year, the Board was updated on key tax matters for the Group through the CFO’s report, an update to the tax strategy was provided and approved, and regular updates were provided to both the Group Risk Committee and the Board on the progress of HMRC’s review of the historical employment status 
of the self-employed agents.
 –Expert third-party tax advice is obtained on all material transactions and wherever the necessary expertise is not available in house. During 2020, advice 
was obtained on a range of issues including the tax treatment of the securitisation of Vanquis Bank’s credit card receivables, HMRC’s review of the historical 
employment status of agents in the UK, a Group reorganisation to incorporate a new intermediate holding and funding company into the Group structure 
and the tax deductibility of costs associated with the defence of the NSF bid in 2019.
 –In keeping with our strategy of having a regular and constructive dialogue with HMRC across all taxes:
 •We have continued to work constructively and collaboratively with HMRC in relation to its review of the historical employment status of agents in the UK.
 •We updated HMRC on a number of transactions undertaken in 2020, including the insertion of a new intermediate holding company into the Group structure, the disposal of Vanquis Bank’s ‘A’ preference shares in Visa Inc, and held discussions on the Government’s Covid-19 support in the form of tax deferrals and 
CJRS grants, all of which the Group voluntarily repaid in full in 2020.
 •We highlighted key features in the 2019 corporation tax returns, including the treatment of bid defence costs, the treatment of various provision releases 
in Vanquis Bank following completion of the ROP refund programme and the change of accounting policy in Vanquis Bank for directly attributable 
acquisition  costs.What makes us a responsible  taxpayer continued
Social impact Ethics and compliance 73
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Our business
Our total tax contribution in 2020
Our total tax contribution comprises the direct 
tax we contribute to governments out of our 
own  financial resources as well as the indirect 
tax we collect on behalf of governments, such 
as employment taxes deducted from payments 
to employees.
Over the last five years, our total tax contribution 
has been as follows:What makes us a responsible  taxpayer continued
2020
2016 2017 2018 2019 UK ROI Total
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Direct tax contribution
Corporation tax (note 1) 57 40 7 14  13 — 13
Bank corporation tax surcharge 8 15 15 10  8 — 8
Employer’s national insurance and equivalent 
(note 2) 18 23 23 22  20 1 21
Irrecoverable VAT 22 28 35 30  26 — 26
Business rates 3 3 2 2  2 0 2
 108 109 82 78  69 1 70
Indirect tax contribution  
Employee’s income tax and national insurance (through PAYE) (note 2) 46 59 51 50  45 2 47
Tax deducted from interest paid on Vanquis Bank deposits and redress payments 2 — 1 1 3 0 3
 48 59 52 51  48 2 50
Total tax contribution 156 168 134 129  117 3 120
Note 1: Our Provident home credit business operates as a branch in the ROI. In 2020, it generated revenue of £19m (2019: £28m) and a loss before tax of £9m (2019: loss of £5m) and had, 
on average, 113 (2019: 119) employees.
Note 2: In July 2017, the operating model of our home credit business in the UK was fundamentally altered such that customers ceased to be served by self-employed agents; instead 
brand-new employed roles were created, tasked with serving customers in a way which was controlled and directed entirely by the business. As a result of these changes, the average 
number of employees increased. 
Social impact Ethics and compliance 74
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Our business
Our total tax contribution in 2020 continued
Our direct tax contribution comprises:Corporation tax
 –This is the tax due on the profits we generate 
in the UK and the Republic of Ireland.
 –In the UK, corporation tax is paid in quarterly 
instalments. For years up to and including 2019, 
50% of the estimated corporation tax liability for 
the year was payable in the year concerned with the remaining amount in the subsequent year. For 2020 onwards, the estimated corporation tax 
liability for the year is payable fully within the 
year concerned.
 –The reduction in corporation tax paid in 2017 
and the further reduction in 2018 arose as a 
result  of the losses generated in the home 
credit  business in both 2017 and 2018 which 
substantially reduced the Group’s corporation tax liabilities for both years. The reduction in the 
home credit losses in 2019 resulted in corporation 
tax paid increasing to £14m in 2019. 
 –Corporation tax paid in 2020 comprised the remaining 50% of the corporation tax liability 
for 2019 and 100% of the estimated corporation 
tax liability for 2020. Due to the Group having generated a loss in 2020, no corporation tax 
liability arose in respect of the 2020 period, 
and the tax paid in 2020 therefore relates 
entirely  to the corporation tax liability for 2019. 
Bank corporation tax surcharge  
 –A bank corporation tax surcharge of 8% was 
introduced with effect from 1 January 2016. It 
applies to the taxable profits of Vanquis Bank 
above £25m, where taxable profits are calculated after adding back bank compensation payments and the additional 10% deemed taxable receipt 
on such payments as well as other tax disallowable 
items, and it is payable through quarterly instalments along with corporation tax.  –The settlements payable to Vanquis Bank customers in respect of ROP following resolution 
with the FCA in 2017, and the further amounts 
recognised in 2019 related to balance reductions on charged off accounts net of the release of provisions related to other accounts following 
completion of the ROP refund programme, are 
treated as bank compensation payments, as explained in note 25 to the Annual Report and 
Financial Statements 2020 . As well as increasing 
corporation tax liabilities, they also have the impact of increasing the bank corporation 
tax surcharge liabilities for 2017 and 2019 and 
therefore the amounts of bank corporation tax surcharge paid in 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020.
 –The bank corporation tax surcharge liability is not reduced as a result of losses generated in the 
non-banking segments of the Group. Accordingly, 
the losses generated by the home credit business in 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 have no impact on bank corporation tax surcharge liabilities. 
Employer’s national insurance  contributions
 –In 2020, we employed, on average, 4,232 
(2019:  4,854) employees in respect of whom 
we pay 13.8% employer’s national insurance 
contributions in the UK and the equivalent in 
the ROI. In 2020, along with the Apprenticeship 
Levy, this comprised £21m (2019: £22m) of our direct tax contribution. 
Irrecoverable VAT
 –As a provider of loans and other credit products, 
we are unable to recover VAT on most of the 
costs we incur. In 2020, £26m (2019: £30m) of our direct tax contribution comprised irrecoverable 
VAT incurred by our businesses. 
Business rates
 –The remaining £2m of our 2020 direct tax 
contribution (2019: £2m) comprised business 
rates payable on the various business premises 
we occupy.Employer’s national insurance contributions, business rates and irrecoverable VAT are taken 
into account in arriving at profit before tax. 
Irrecoverable VAT on capitalised costs is accounted for as part of the cost of the underlying asset. 
Corporation tax and bank corporation tax 
surcharge are accounted for through the tax 
charge as explained in note 5 to the Annual Report 
and Financial Statements 2020 . The corporation 
tax and bank corporation tax surcharge we paid 
in 2020 of £21m differed from the  current tax credit 
for the year of £11m primarily due to: (a) the timing 
of quarterly instalment payments whereby 50% 
of the corporation tax and  bank corporation tax 
surcharge liability for 2019  was paid in 2020, along 
with 100% of the bank corporation tax surcharge 
liability for 2020; and (b)  a current tax credit in 
respect of prior years due  to the benefit of claiming 
tax deductions for bid defence costs and a release 
of part of the provision for uncertain tax liabilities.
Our indirect tax contribution comprises:
Employee’s income tax and national insurance contributions  
 –This represents the income tax and employee’s 
national insurance contributions and the 
equivalent in ROI that we deduct from amounts 
paid to employees through PAYE. In 2020, 
it amounted to £47m (2019: £50m).
Income tax deducted from customer 
redress  payments
 –Prior to the abolition of the requirement to withhold tax from interest on retail deposits 
in March 2016, basic rate income tax was 
withheld from such interest and paid to the 
UK Government. In 2018 onwards, basic rate tax 
has been withheld from interest on Repayment Option Plan (ROP) redress payments made to 
Vanquis Bank customers, and to interest on 
redress payments made to customers elsewhere in the Group. In 2020, this primarily represents income tax withheld from redress payments 
made to customers in the CCD.What makes us a responsible  taxpayer continued
Social impact Ethics and compliance 75
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance Our business
Information about
In this section
77  How we are regulated
78  Data tableIn this chapter you can read more about how our businesses 
are regulated and trade association memberships. You can 
also access our historical CR data.our business
Ethics and compliance Our business 76
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Social impact Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance
Over the last 12 months, we have continued to 
strengthen our relationships with our regulators 
which has had added significance given the 
pandemic and resultant increased regulatory focus on our customers. In addition, while the 
Group is not a  regulated entity in its own right, 
as we seek closer integration of the businesses, 
it is paramount that our regulatory interactions 
are effectively coordinated and managed.
Provident Financial, as a whole, is the subject 
of consolidated supervision by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (PRA). This is because the Group is the parent company of Vanquis Bank. The PRA sets 
requirements for the consolidated Group in respect 
of capital adequacy, liquidity and large exposures. 
In the UK, the Group’s operating companies are 
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), which monitors all consumer credit lenders to ensure they comply with the Consumer Credit Act 1974 (as 
amended). Complaints are dealt with by the Financial 
Ombudsman Service. In the ROI, the Provident home credit business is regulated by the Central Bank 
of Ireland. Under the UK regulatory regime, both 
Moneybarn and the CCD are  fully authorised by 
the FCA. Vanquis Bank is authorised by the PRA 
and dual-regulated by the FCA  and the PRA.
As a result of historical regulatory infractions, in 
May  2018, the Group and divisions were placed on 
the FCA regulatory watchlist. The majority of these 
actions have now been completed with the FCA formally confirming on 11 December 2020 that 
Vanquis Bank has now been removed, and we are 
expecting the same outcome with Moneybarn in 2021. For the Group and CCD, future removal will 
be incumbent on the plans and outcomes of the 
review of the Division’s strategy. This will also be contingent on the outcome of the enforcement 
investigation that was opened by the FCA on 
15 March 2021 that will focus on the consideration 
of affordability and sustainability of lending to How we are  
regulated
Consumer Credit Association 
(CCA)  – the CCA is the trade 
association for the home credit industry in the UK and ROI, promoting the highest possible standards of business 
and customer service.
Finance and Leasing 
Association (FLA)  – the FLA is 
the leading trade body for the asset, consumer and motor finance sectors in the UK.
Consumer Finance 
Association (CFA) – the CFA is the principal trade association 
representing the largest share 
of the short-term lending sector in the UK.
UK Finance  – UK Finance 
is a trade association for 
the UK banking and financial 
services sector.
PFG trade association membership
To help ensure we stay up to date with regulatory 
matters, PFG’s businesses are members of the 
following trade associations:customers, as well as the  application of a FOS 
decision into the complaint handling process, in the 
period between February 2020 and February 2021. 
The start of the investigation period relates to the 
FOS decision which was taken in  February of last 
year. The appointment of investigators does not 
mean that the FCA has determined that rule 
breaches or any other contraventions have 
occurred. The FCA also continues to assess whether the Division is complying, and is likely to comply, with the standards it is expected to meet and the 
Group’s proposed approach to future lending as 
and when further details of such proposal are made available. The CCD will work closely with 
the FCA in the coming months, including in relation 
to the investigation, which is unlikely to conclude until 2022.
Key regulatory developments, including those that 
relate specifically to supporting customers through 
the pandemic are (further information can be 
found on page  62 of our Annual Report and 
Financial Statements 2020 ):
 –During the pandemic, the FCA issued specific guidance and rules covering payment deferrals 
with the aim of protecting those customers who 
were experiencing financial difficulty. Each of the divisions responded promptly and effectively to the guidance with this incorporated into existing 
forbearance strategies. 
 –Also as a result of the pandemic guidance 
(in March 2020), the FCA mandated that firms 
push back certain aspects of the persistent debt 
rules until the end of October 2020. In addition, 
and more recently in September 2020, Vanquis 
Bank reviewed its approach to engaging with customers who have been in persistent debt for 36 months (PD36) with FCA engagement. The FCA 
has now confirmed that they are supportive of the 
approach being adopted within Vanquis Bank. –On 6 August 2020, the FCA issued their report findings covering relending by firms in the 
high  cost lenders portfolio. This has potential 
widespread implications for PFG which are being considered as part of revisions to our business 
models including lending policies. This will further 
reinforce our customer creditworthiness assessments to ensure all lending remains affordable, suitable and sustainable. 
 –On 2 February 2021, the FCA published the ‘Woolard review’ which assessed change and 
innovation in the unsecured credit card market. 
There are 26 recommendations made by the 
FCA within the report which are also being 
considered at an industry level and within 
PFG. Amongst these, our initial assessment 
has identified eight of these recommendations 
as being particularly relevant. 
 –On 23 February 2021, the FCA published its finalised guidance (FG21/1) for firms on the fair 
treatment of vulnerable customers. This builds 
on two previous consultations issued by the 
FCA.  The Group has detailed plans in place to 
assess its overall impact and ensure our plans 
adequately address any required policy changes.
Ethics and compliance Our business 77
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Social impact Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance
Metric 2020 2019 2018 2017
Customer satisfaction
Vanquis Bank customer satisfaction rate 91% 90% 86% 87%
Provident home credit customer 
satisfaction  rate89% 89% 87% 85%
Moneybarn Feefo score 4.5/5 4.6/5 4.7/5 4.7/5
Customer complaints
Total number of complaints 89,687 75,898  79,902 70,713
Total number of complaints referred 
to the Financial Ombudsman (FOS)13,736 4,253  4,302 1,792
% of complaints referred to FOS upheld 
in customer’s favourSee 
page  2635% 30% 20%
Total customer-focused training hours 55,229 19,140  134,055 49,754
Colleague numbers Group total 4,232 4,854 5,708 4,864
CCD 2,276 2,880 3,735 3,118
Vanquis Bank 1,471 1,577 1,612 1,469
Moneybarn 389 318 284 211
PF corporate office 96 79 77 66Metric 2020 2019 2018 2017
Female representation
Female colleagues 54% 55% 55% 55%
Female directors 19% 21% 23% 15%
Female colleagues in senior 
management  positions38% 30% 26% 29%
Female colleagues in middle 
management38% 41% 35% New measure 
for 2018
Female colleagues in first level 
management 47% 47% 44% New measure 
for 2018
Female colleagues at colleague level 57% 58% 57% New measure 
for 2018
Equality, diversity and inclusion
Colleagues from BAME communities 11% 12% 9% 15%
Colleagues who have declared a 
disability5% 5% 0.40% 0.37%
Colleagues with caring responsibilities 39% 43% New measure for 2019
Colleagues with caring responsibilities beyond childcare11% 13%New measure for 2019
Colleagues that identify as a gender 
other than male or female0.3% 0.5%New measure for 2019
Colleagues from LGBTQ+ community 7% 8% New measure for 2019Data table
Ethics and compliance Our business 78
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Social impact Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance
Metric 2020 2019 2018 2017
Learning and development    
L&D hours 56,501 105,978  161,560 137,983
Average number of L&D hours per 
colleague13 28 28 28
Absence and turnover     
Average number of absence days 
per colleague12 12 10 7
Average number of absence days CCD 12 13 10 4 *
Average number of absence days 
PF corporate office2 3 2New measure 
for 2018
Average number of absence days 
Vanquis  Bank15 13 11 11
Average number of absence days 
Moneybarn7 9 9 8
Colleagues who left 26% 40% 34% 37%
% of colleagues who left that left 
voluntarily49% 77% 71% New measure 
for 2018
Health and safety
Reportable accidents 7 12 8 3
Reportable accidents scaled 
up to 100,000  colleagues 165 268 140 61
Non-reportable accidents 277 740 693 208
Non-reportable accidents scaled 
up to 100,000 colleagues 6,545 16,934  12,141  4,211 Metric 2020 2019 2018 2017
Whistleblowing
Calls made to whistleblowing hotlines 13 21 37 6
Social impact
Colleague volunteering hours 509 2,224 2,415 220
Grants distributed through 
Community  Foundations44 96 17 31
Colleague matched funding £8,169 £29,817 £30,389  £43,348 
Community investment breakdown
Cash £1,035,984 £1,249,818  £1,431,990  £2,354,863 
Management costs £143,129 £149,605  £210,759  £227,581 
Value of colleague time £11,219 £48,715  £37,829  £9,552 
Total community investment £1,190,332 £1,448,138  £1,680,578  £2,591,996 
Environment
Total greenhouse gas emissions  
(tonnes CO2e)4,506 9,468 12,409  10,697 
Scope 1 emissions (tonnes CO2e) 408 700  1,803  1,846 
Gas use (tonnes CO2e) 230 266  154  235 
Diesel and petrol (tonnes CO2e) 178 434  1,649  1,611 
Scope 2 emissions (tonnes CO2e) 1,113 1,502  1,637  2,176 
Electricity use (tonnes CO2e) 1,113 1,502  1,637  2,176 Data table continued
Ethics and compliance Our business 79
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Social impact Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance
Metric 2020 2019 2018 2017
Environment continued
Scope 3 emissions (tonnes CO2e) 2,986 7,266  8,969  7,693 
Scope 1 and 2 associated ‘well-to-tank’ 
emissions (tonnes CO2e)327 500  412 1,018 
Air travel (tonnes CO2e) 16 91  217  162 
Rail travel (tonnes CO2e) 4 77  86  88 
Grey fleet (tonnes CO2e) 2,073 5,218  6,524  3,699 
Waste collection and management 
(tonnes  CO2e)102 13 15  16 
Water (tonnes CO2e) 24 Not 
measured 15 Not 
measured
Scope 3 associated ‘well-to-tank’ emissions (tonnes CO
2e)440 1,367  1,700  1,127 
Intensity ratio** 0.88 1.16 1.78 2.18 
Air travel (miles) 45,669 288,776 623,488  500,321 
Rail travel (miles) 297,290 1,167,100 1,208,771  1,173,865 
Grey fleet (miles) 5,945,671 18,305,919 22,441,766  14,525,238 
Company car mileage 509,570 1,465,211*** 137,570  116,159 
Company car fuel consumption 
for PF corporate office (litres)2,307 6,922****  660,397  638,541 Metric 2020 2019 2018 2017
Absolute waste arising (tonnes) 389 397 457  729 
Recycled (tonnes) 113 206 103 89
Sent for energy recovery (tonnes) 59 138 284 New measure 
for 2018
Landfill (tonnes) 216 53 70New measure 
for 2018
Paper usage for admin and 
marketing  (tonnes)95.2 Not 
measured994 1,593
Suppliers paid according to the Prompt Payment Code
PF corporate office 91% 90% 94% 96%
Vanquis Bank 100% 89% 90% 95%
CCD 93% 94% 94% 93%
Moneybarn 99% 99% 100% 99%
Investor indices
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices 61 61 62 75
FTSE4Good score 4.7/5 4.5/5 4.5/5 96
Carbon Disclosure Project D Disclosure  C Awareness  C Awareness  C Awareness 
* T his figure includes data for PF corporate office staff.
**  W e changed the measurement in 2019 from CO2e/£1,000 of receivables to CO2e/per customer.
***  2 019 figures include both CCD and Moneybarn. In recent years this was just Moneybarn.
**** 2 019 figure is just for PF corporate office. 2018 data and before was made up of both PF and CCD.Data table continued
Ethics and compliance Our business 80
Provident Financial plc
Corporate Responsibility Report 2020Social impact Climate change Colleagues Lending responsibly Responsibility strategy At a glance
Provident Financial plc
No. 1 Godwin Street  
Bradford  
BD1 2SU  
United Kingdom
+44 (0)1274 351 351
www.providentfinancial.com
Company number 668987