Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 1
Sustainability &  
Citizenship Report
FEBRUARY 2022

Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 2
I’m proud to share Palomar’s second annual Sustainability and Citizenship 
Report. This past year has been one of continued growth and evolution 
for our company; we entered new markets and geographies, crafted new 
partnerships, introduced innovative products, and added talented new 
members to the Palomar team. I am pleased to say that our commitment 
to sustainability and citizenship and our efforts to incorporate ESG 
considerations into our operations have kept pace with the company’s 
growth and moreover are proving instrumental in our evolution. 
In this report, we will do three things. First, we will report on our progress on meeting the objectives 
we established in last year’s report. Additionally, we will introduce you to selected initiatives and 
efforts to address climate change, social welfare, and diversity. Lastly, we will establish a new set 
of goals that the company pledges to meet in 2022. 
In this note, I’d like to touch upon a few areas of particular importance to Palomar and our 
stakeholders.
OUR COMMITMENT TO ESG
We will report on our 
progress on meeting the 
objectives we established 
in last year’s report.We will introduce some of 
Palomar’s initiatives and 
efforts to address climate 
change, social welfare, and 
diversity.We will establish a new set 
of goals that the company 
pledges to meet in 2022.
Letter From The CEO
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 3
GOVERNANCE
To demonstrate Palomar’s commitment to ESG matters, we adopted 
several voluntary policies regarding the environment, labor relations 
and other matters. Moreover, we made a concerted effort to make these 
policies accessible through the launch of our ESG portal. Through 
the adoption of these policies, we join other signatory organizations, 
including many of the world’s largest companies, looking to lead by 
example. We believe that it is every organization’s responsibility to 
lead on matters of justice, fairness, and environmental stewardship, 
regardless of their size.  
I’d like to highlight one specific policy, the company’s investment 
policy statement, that best exemplifies our ESG focus. This year we 
signed the Principles for Responsible Investment, a series of commitments originally drafted by 
the United Nations. The principles require that signatories pledge to consider ESG concerns in all 
investment decisions – a commitment that is consistent with both our investment objectives and our 
company values.  Palomar is going one step beyond this, however, by committing that no less than 
1% of the company’s overall portfolio be comprised of ‘green’ investments. This again is an industry 
best practice and one we are pleased to incorporate into our operations. 
COMMUNITY RESILIENCY
Palomar is privileged to help our insureds rebuild their lives, busi-
nesses and communities after disaster strikes, and this partnership 
is at the heart of our values and mission. But many businesses and 
private properties remain uninsured or under-insured and therefore 
lack the capital to rebuild or replace their property. And, in too many 
instances, climate-related disasters destroy public utilities or other 
essential services, threatening public health and imposing terrible 
costs on citizens. 
We believe it is crucial that companies like Palomar work with gov-
ernment entities and non-governmental organizations (“NGO”) to 
ensure that communities hit by climate change can bounce back as quickly and safely as possible. 
For that reason, Palomar has become a National Partner of Team Rubicon, a military veteran-led 
NGO that provides relief and aid to communities affected by disaster. Team Rubicon works around 
the clock ensuring that food, supplies, electricity, communications, and other essential services 
reach communities that have been damaged or isolated by disaster. As a native of San Diego – a city 
with a long and proud naval heritage – I am particularly pleased to be partnering with an organiza-
tion that utilizes the talents of our military veterans.

Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 4
DIVERSITY
At Palomar, we believe that diversity is good business. I have seen 
first-hand how different perspectives contribute to success in the 
market, from product design to sales strategy to engage with diverse 
community stakeholders in the wake of a disaster. Accordingly, Palomar 
has continued to lead on the twin issues of diversity and equality. 
The Palomar team has grown significantly since last year’s report, 
and I’m pleased to note that we’ve done so while increasing the 
diversity of our workforce with respect to gender and ethnicity. 
Palomar considers diversity throughout the interview and hiring 
processes, and I am confident our diversity numbers will continue 
to improve as we expand and grow. Additionally, I am proud to say 
that with the addition of Daina Middleton, a great leader in digital marketing and technology with a 
distinguished career in Silicon Valley, to our Board of Directors, five of seven directors are women 
or members of an ethnic minority group.  
CLIMATE CHANGE 
The relationship between climate change and the severity of natural 
disasters is undeniable. As a leader in insurance for climate-change 
impacted risks such as flood and Hawaiian hurricane, we look to 
address climate change throughout our underwriting, loss control and 
business development processes. As an employer, we recognize a 
responsibility to do our part to build a more sustainable future. 
In 2022 Palomar will perform a third-party validated assessment of 
our carbon footprint. While I anticipate our footprint will be relatively 
low, this data will provide us with a greater understanding of our 
environmental impact and identify areas where we can improve our 
results and in turn save energy. Moreover, a carbon footprint provides 
a benchmark from which Palomar can craft and adopt a plan to become carbon neutral, as many 
very large corporations have done in recent years. While it is premature to discuss the footprint or a 
plan for neutrality, I want you to know that Palomar will prioritize this initiative and I look forward to 
reporting back to you in one year’s time. 
 
In closing, I’d like to thank you for your interest in Palomar and our commitment to these 
important objectives. I look forward to another year of successfully serving our customers 
and helping to build a more sustainable, just future. 
Mac Armstrong

Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 5
Review of Goals
In our inaugural Sustainability and Citizenship Report. Palomar set several goals that we are pleased to 
report we have met in 2021. 
GOAL 1:  
Reduce our environmental impact through energy  
efficiency, water conservation and waste management. 
In 2021, Palomar joined the CEO Water Mandate, the Mandate is a global compact of companies 
who have committed to measure their water usage, disclose those data to the public, and establish 
and execute a plan to conserve water. We look forward to communicating a plan for water efficiency 
once our internal investigations are completed. 
We’re pleased to report that the company’s efforts to eliminate single-use plastic continue to bear 
fruit. Palomar’s investment in plastic-free water stations has saved 5.2 tons of carbon dioxide to 
date. Also, Palomar’s commitment to a hybrid workforce has reduced the number of employees 
commuting to work by car. We look forward to measuring this savings as part of the measurement 
of our carbon footprint
GOAL 2: 
Increase the diversity of our workforce.
Palomar has continued to grow during the pandemic, increasing our workforce by 23% during 
2021 as the company expanded into new lines of business such as fronting. We take diversity 
seriously, and thus we consider team diversity when interviewing and hiring for a new position. 
Our results in 2021 improved: 39% of team members identify as a member of an ethnic minority 
group (up from 37% in 2020). 
NEW HIRES IN 2021 TOTAL WORKFORCE 2021
63%37%Non-white / 
One or 
more races
White
59%41%Female
Male53%  Millennials
20%  Generation X
25%  Generation Z
2% Baby Boomers
62%38%Non-white / 
One or 
more races
White
61%39%Female
Male46%  Millennials
34%  Generation X
16%  Generation Z
4% Baby Boomers
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 6
GOAL 3: 
Increase the diversity of our Board of Directors.
As mentioned in our CEO’s note, Palomar’s seven-member Board now includes three women in 
addition to two members of underrepresented minority groups. This level of diversity is consistent 
with industry best practices and legal requirements under California law.   
GOAL 4: 
Demonstrate our commitment to equality and social reform 
through volunteering and charitable contributions. 
Palomar continues to increase its investment in strategic NGOs such as Team Rubicon. We will 
seek to partner with organizations like this whose mission is highly congruent with Palomar’s 
mission and strategic plan. In addition. Palomar’s Diversity, Inclusion, Community/Engagement 
and Equality committee (DICE) committee engaged with several important local and national 
philanthropies and campaigns. 
GOAL 5: 
Maintain our allocation of depository assets  
at Broadway Federal Bank of $10 million.
Palomar’s partnership with Broadway Federal Bank, one of the nation’s leading minority-owned 
banks, is an example of the partnerships we seek to foster with the communities we serve. We are 
pleased to assist Broadway in its efforts to create generational wealth for historically underserved 
populations.40’s 50’s
60’s 70’s71%
Woman or 
members of 
unrepresented 
communities29%
Members of 
unrepresented 
communities43%
Women86%
Independent57.7
Average age
0.5-1 1-1.5
1.5-2 2+1.8
Average tenure
(years)TURNOVER IN 2021 LEADERSHIP ROLES IN 2021
75%25%Non-white / 
One or 
more races
White
79%21% Female
Male
13%
Voluntary 
Termination Rate 
(including retirement)20%
Overall 
Termination 
Rate75%25%Non-white / 
One or 
more races
White
79%21% Female
Male
13%
Voluntary 
Termination Rate 
(including retirement)20%
Overall 
Termination 
Rate
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 7
Investing in Our Communities –  
Palomar and Team Rubicon
Palomar has become a sponsor of Team Rubicon, an innovative NGO that 
trains and deploys professional staff and volunteers to assist communities in 
the immediate aftermath of human and environmental crises, such as natural 
disasters. Through our partnership with Team Rubicon, Palomar is launching 
‘Palomar Protects’  – an innovative program whereby we devote a percentage 
of premiums for our catastrophe policies to Team Rubicon’s recovery operations. 
Customers who rely on Palomar to protect their property and possessions will 
now know that insurance premium helps fund first responders who work in 
American communities – including, perhaps, their own. 
Our roots are in catastrophe insurance. The company’s first product protected 
consumers from earthquake damage and we have since expanded into flood 
and other climate-related risks. Our experience with natural disasters has helped 
shape our business philosophy and our approach to corporate citizenship. We 
see first-hand the devastation wrought by catastrophes, and we are proud to 
help our customers rebuild and resume their lives. 
Insurers like Palomar are only one link in the chain of resilience which helps 
communities repair and recover after a crisis. We recognize the need to 
coordinate our activities with other links of the chain such as government, 
society, and NGOs such as Team Rubicon.  
SOCIETY – MITIGATION
Palomar believes that every company has a responsibility to contribute 
to a more sustainable future. Accordingly, we will engage a third-party 
review of the company’s climate footprint in 2022 and create a plan 
for carbon neutrality by a fixed date. Together we can help ensure that 
climate-related disasters like flood, fire and wind events are less frequent 
and far less damaging to American communities.
We also believe that climate and disaster considerations should inform 
and guide land use and zoning decisions by government agencies.
HOMEOWNERS - PREPARATION
Palomar encourages all Americans to take steps to protect their properties from natural disasters. 
We are proud to offer incentives to our customers for improvements and modifications to their 
property so that earthquakes, flood and wind events are less costly in both human and financial 
terms. Governments provide additional incentives and funds important programs that homeowners 
can draw on to mitigate risks to their properties.Mitigation
Preparation
Immediate
Recovery
Repair and
Recovery
Sustainable
Development /
Recovery
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 8
NGOs  – IMMEDIATE RECOVERY
In the immediate aftermath of an event, insurers engage with customers to begin the process of 
recovery. Governments may ask for a federal disaster declaration, triggering the public sector 
to allocate and disburse recovery funds to an affected community. But communities need relief 
immediately. NGOs and aid groups fill this breach and help clear debris, restore vital services and 
help displaced persons find food and shelter. 
INSURERS – REPAIR AND RECOVERY
Insurers are a vital link in the resilience chain, providing home and business owners with the 
resources they need to rebuild after a catastrophic event. Crucially, the risks assumed by the private 
sector are costs that are NOT transferred to public funding sources. Uninsured and underinsured 
losses, by contrast, are ultimately borne by taxpayers or go unfulfilled. 
GOVERNMENT – SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT/RECOVERY
Before an event occurs, it is crucial that municipal officials understand the risks of climate-aggravated 
disaster and make responsible development choices, avoiding flood plains and areas at high risk of 
wildfire, for example. After an event, FEMA, the Congress, and state governments can make funds 
available to affected communities and individuals, but this process takes time – the one quantity that 
affected communities can ill afford. Still, the work of FEMA and state governments is critical to the 
restoration of public services and major reconstruction projects.
ABOUT TEAM RUBICON
Team Rubicon was founded and is led by US military veterans who apply their skills and training to a new 
type of service – helping communities heal. Its approach to disaster response is sophisticated and reflects 
lifetimes of experience in military planning and execution. Team Rubicon works directly with companies like 
Palomar to train employee volunteers in a ‘boot camp’ environment to ensure efficient deployments in the 
aftermath of disaster. Rubicon teams of ‘grayshirts’ clear debris, remove water and mud, and perform basic 
home repair and rebuilding duties. 
As a National Partner to Team Rubicon, Palomar commits to support this vital work and reinvest in the 
communities in which we do business. Let’s work together to ensure that every link in the chain of resilience 
is as strong as possible in every American community.
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 9
Spotlight on Governance
Palomar recognizes that a real commitment to sustainability and 
citizenship requires more than good intentions. It requires a governance 
structure that includes ‘ESG’ matters in the company’s daily operations. 
Late in 2020, our Board of Directors established a standing committee 
devoted to ESG matters. Our committee meets regularly to review 
company efforts and provide guidance to team members. The 
establishment of an ESG committee is consistent with industry best 
practices and will help refine our programs and initiatives in the months 
to come. Our ESG Committee is led by Martha Notaras, a member of 
Palomar’s board since November 2020.
We have also undertaken our first formal surveys of our investor base to 
better understand the role ESG matters play in their investment decisions. 
The results of this inquiry will deepen Palomar’s understanding of the role ESG matters play in investment 
decisions and ensure that our programs and initiatives are responsive to the interests of our shareholders. 
Lastly, Palomar has adopted policies and statements in 2021 that place the company among leaders in the 
property and casualty insurance industry. These materials can be found in the report’s appendix. We will 
continue to model our company’s governance program after industry leaders. Every company, regardless of 
their size and scope, has a responsibility to address ESG matters as part of its daily operations.
MARTHA NOTARAS
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, 
ESG COMMITTEE CHAIRPERSON
SKILLSMAC  
ARMSTRONGRICHARD H. 
TAKETADARYL  
BRADLEYROBERT E. 
DOWDELLCATRIONA M. 
FALLONMARTHA  
NOTARASDAINA  
MIDDLETON
Accounting and 
Finance
Corporate 
Governance
Human Capital 
Management
Insurance and 
Financial Services
Investment 
and Capital 
Management
Leadership
Marketing 
and Brand 
Management
Risk Management 
and Reinsurance
Technology 
DIVERSITY
Male
Female
Members of 
Underrepresented 
Communities
White
The lack of a check mark for a particular item does not mean that the director does not possess that skill or experience. We look to each director to be knowledgeable in these areas; however, 
the mark indicates that the item is a particularly prominent qualification or characteristic that the director brings to the Board.
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 10
2022 Goals
Palomar is pleased to commit to the following new goals in calendar year 2021: 
Palomar commits to conduct its first third-party 
assessment of the company’s carbon footprint.  This 
inquiry will establish a baseline from which Palomar 
can create and implement a plan for carbon neutrality, 
consistent with the needs of the business. We will launch an initiative to measure and improve 
the diversity of Palomar’s suppliers. This again is 
an industry best practice, and we look forward to 
communicating the results of our inquiry and a plan to 
source from an increasingly diverse set of partners. 
We will disclose new social KPIs including data regarding 
Palomar’s growing workforce. We will also continue to 
survey our shareholders and use those findings to adjust 
the company’s programs and initiatives. Palomar will maintain our community relationships, 
including an increase in our investment in Broadway 
Federal Bank, a leading minority-owned depository 
institution based in Los Angeles.
Through our relationship with Team Rubicon, Palomar 
will deepen our investment in recovery efforts after 
natural disasters. In addition to our support of Team 
Rubicon’s vital work, we will establish volunteer oppor -
tunities for Palomar team members so that individuals 
might engage directly with communities struck by a cat-
astrophic event. This goal is consistent with Palomar’s 
mission to provide our customers with the resources 
they need to rebuild and rebound from disaster.Learn more about  
Palomar’s commitment  
to ESG
Appendix

Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 12
TOPIC CODE ACCOUNTING METRIC PALOMAR RESPONSE
Transparent 
Information & 
Fair Advice for 
CustomersFN-IN-
270a.1Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with marketing and communication of 
insurance product related information to 
new and returning customersWhile Palomar does not disclose this specific information, we 
disclose certain applicable material pending legal proceedings, 
other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, 
as required by applicable Securities and Exchange Commission 
("SEC") disclosure requirements in our Annual Reports on Form 
10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (collectively, “SEC 
Filings”).
FN-IN-
270a.2Complaints-to-claims ratio While Palomar does not calculate a complaints-to-claims ratio, 
the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC") 
publishes a Closed Complaint ratio.
FN-IN-
270a.3Customer retention rate Palomar experienced premium retention rates of 87% in 2020 
and 88% in 2019 overall across all lines of business. Our 
products demonstrate strong renewal rate trends, which we 
believe are an indication of the distinctive value we provide 
to insureds and which provide visibility into future earned 
premium. Additionally, see “Premium Retention Rates” under 
the Business section in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-
K. We also disclose premium retention in our quarterly SEC 
Filings.
The following table show our renewal retention by product for 
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019:
Year ended December 31,
Average monthly premium  
retention by product:2020 2019
Residential Earthquake 93% 94%
Commercial Earthquake 83% 85%
Commercial All Risk 87% 89%
Specialty Homeowners 79% 74%
Hawaii Hurricane 97% 97%
Residential Flood 89% 89%
FN-IN-
270a.4Description of approach to informing 
customers about productsWhile Palomar develops product communications in 
accordance with regulations set forth by state departments 
of insurance, we aim to go beyond regulatory requirements. 
Our insurance products are sold and marketed through 
partner independent agents, wholesale brokers and 
program administrators. As such, Palomar has limited direct 
communication with the prospective policyholder customers 
prior to issuing a policy. The agencies and brokers we work 
with directly inform customers about the policy coverage 
available. Therefore, we work closely with those agencies 
and brokers to ensure they are able to transparently provide 
appropriate education. These agencies and brokers spend 
extensive time communicating with customers and gathering 
information about customers’ needs. Once we receive a 
customer’s information, and if the customer meets our 
underwriting criteria, our underwriters provide a quote and 
payment plan options. If we need additional information after 
the policy decision has been made, we communicate with 
the agents and brokers to obtain additional information from 
policyholders. We invest in excellent customer service to 
provide clear and frequent communication with our agents, 
brokers and customers.Sustainability Accounting  
Standards Board (SASB) Index
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 13
TOPIC CODE ACCOUNTING METRIC PALOMAR RESPONSE
Incorporation 
of Environmental, Investment ManagementFN-IN-410a.1Total invested assets, by industry and asset classFor information with respect to our investment activities, including disclosures on asset class and asset ratings, see section “IV. Results of Operations—Investments” under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
$422.3 Million Total Invested Assets, as of December 31, 2020
FN-IN-
410a.2Description of approach to incorporation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors in investment management processes and strategiesSee Responsible Investment Statement.
Policies Designed to Incentivize Responsible BehaviorFN-IN-410b.1Net premiums written related to energy efficiency and low carbon technologyPalomar is unable to measure or disclose this metric at this time.
FN-IN-410b.2Discussion of products and/or product features that incentivize health, safety, and/or environmentally responsible actions and/or behaviorsSee the "Climate Strategy" and "Disaster Preparedness &  Response" sections of our ESG portal.
Environmental Risk ExposureFN-IN-450a.1Probable Maximum Loss (PML) of insured products from weather-related natural catastrophesPalomar does not disclose this information at this time.
FN-IN-450a.2Total amount of monetary losses attributable to insurance payouts from (1) modeled natural catastrophes and (2) non-modeled natural catastrophes, by type of event and geographic segment (net and gross of reinsurance)
Palomar does not categorize catastrophic events as modeled 
versus non-modeled as we do not believe this categorization 
is meaningful to our business. For reporting purposes, 
Palomar defines catastrophe losses as certain losses 
resulting from events involving multiple claims and 
policyholders, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, 
convective storms, terrorist acts or other aggregating events. 
We report net catastrophe losses in our SEC Filings. The SEC 
Filings also include a discussion of reinsurance and the 
recoverables recorded.
FN-IN-
450a.3Description of approach to incorporation of environmental risks into (1) the underwriting process for individual contracts and (2) the management of firm-level risks and capital adequacyPalomar considers the climate-related considerations relevant to our policyholders’ location during our underwriting process and we analyze the potential impact to capital as a result of possible natural catastrophe events. See TCFD Index for additional information.
Systemic Risk ManagementFN-IN-550a.1Exposure to derivative instruments by category: (1) total potential exposure to noncentrally cleared derivatives, (2) total fair value of acceptable collateral posted with the Central Clearinghouse, and (3) total potential exposure to centrally cleared derivativesAs of December 31, 2020, Palomar had no derivatives outstanding. 
FN-IN-550a.2Total fair value of securities lending collateral assetsAs of December 31, 2020, Palomar had no securities lending reinvested collateral assets per Schedule DL filed with the NAIC.
FN-IN-550a.3Description of approach to managing capital and liquidity-related risks associated with systemic non-insurance activitiesSee section “II. Financial Condition” under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.58.1%  Industrial & Miscellaneous
20.3%  Cap Asset-Backed Securities
9.8%  Special Revenue
4.0%  U.S. Governments
1.6%  Cap Territories & Possessions
0.5%  Cap Subdivisions5.7%  Cap Securities
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 14
Task Force on Climate-Related  
Financial Disclosure (TCFD) Index
Palomar recognizes that climate change is perhaps the most complex risk facing society today. As a specialty 
insurance company writing earthquake, wind, hail, hurricane and flood coverage, climate change directly 
impacts Palomar’s business and insureds. In our corporate reporting on climate change, we apply and adopt 
the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”). The TCFD’s four-
pillar framework provides needed guidance on how climate-committed companies such as Palomar can 
disclose and address risks and opportunities in the changing climate.
GOVERNANCE
Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities.
Palomar’s Board of Directors directly and through our committees oversee risk management policies and 
practices, including climate-related risks. In 2020, the Board of Directors established an Environmental, 
Social and Corporate Governance (“ESG”) Committee that consists of Martha Notaras (Chairperson), 
Mac Armstrong, Daryl Bradley and Daina Middleton. The ESG Committee oversees and provides 
guidance on the company’s strategies related to a number of factors, including environment, health and 
safety, corporate social responsibility, governance, sustainability and public policy matters relevant to 
our business. 
Specific duties include:
• Assisting the management team in setting general strategy relating to ESG matters;
• Developing, implementing and monitoring initiatives and policies based on that strategy; and
• Overseeing communications with employees, investors and shareholders with respect to ESG 
matters.
In 2021, the Audit Committee established an Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) Sub-Committee 
that consists of Daryl Bradley (Chairperson) and Robert Dowdell (member), and our Chief Underwriting 
Officer and Chief Risk Officer, who act as management  participants. The ERM Sub-Committee is 
responsible for the following duties:
• Assisting in setting general strategy with respect to enterprise risk management, and to consider 
and recommend policies and practices that conform with the strategy;
• Assisting in overseeing internal and external material communications regarding our position or 
approach to enterprise risk management; and 
• Assessing and monitoring the risk management framework employed to manage enterprise risks.  
b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
Palomar’s Chief Underwriting Officer and Chief Risk Officer oversee risk management policies and 
practices, including climate-related risk. These executives consult climate data and other relevant 
information to guide the company’s product development and business strategy. 
Separately, our Chief Strategy Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Talent & Diversity Officer guide ESG 
strategy and oversee the implementation of ESG initiatives.
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 15
STRATEGY
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s 
businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.
a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, 
medium, and long term.
Palomar recognizes that climate change has and will continue to affect the frequency, severity and 
geographical distribution of extreme weather events. Organizations such as the World Meteorological 
Organization (the “WMO”) and the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration (the 
“NOAA”) have documented this dynamic in research that Palomar closely studies in developing its 
business strategies. Current climate models, such as the International Panel on Climate Change (“IPCC”) 
model, which we use to help assess our risks, indicate physical climate-change risk will begin to rise 
more materially after the next two decades if left unmitigated.
As a specialty insurer whose products cover loss from hurricane and flood damage, Palomar is concerned 
about a continuation of this trend over the long term.  We believe over the short term, natural climate 
variability will have a greater impact on natural catastrophe losses than the long term trends identified 
by the WMO and NOAA.  To accommodate the evolving nature of climate risk, we consider both near-
term (three to five year) and long- term (five to ten year) time horizons, with the long-term view used 
as a basis to develop mitigation strategies. Overall, we consider the near-term climate-change-related 
risks to be manageable and foreseeable, whereas long-term risks are elevated and highly uncertain.  A 
worsening disaster footprint could influence company decisions regarding the mix of products we sell 
to consumers and could also impact the features of individual products.
b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning.
Palomar is exposed to physical risk of climate change through the underwriting of personal and 
commercial property risks. While assessing and managing the impact of extreme weather events is 
part of our core business competency, changes in frequency and severity of events caused by climate 
change add to the challenges in accurately measuring expected impacts. There is also a risk that physical 
events reduce the profitability of investments across asset classes (e.g., equities, or corporate bonds), 
though analysis suggests that very significant impairments would be required for Palomar’s portfolio 
to be materially impacted.  Palomar considers the risk to our own operations from climate risk as less 
material, as we are generally not located in highly exposed areas and business continuity plans are in 
place to react to relevant extreme weather events.
As an innovative insurer, Palomar is positioned to provide climate change-informed products and services 
which enable existing and prospective customers to better understand and manage their exposure to 
climate risks.  We also invest in community resilience through both the provision of property insurance 
and through investments in non-governmental organizations (“NGOs”) such as Team Rubicon who 
assist communities rebuild in the immediate aftermath of catastrophic events. As a leading provider of 
insurance solutions for earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and other perils exacerbated by climate change, 
we see an opportunity to lead our industry and partner with private and public stakeholders to build a 
more sustainable, secure future. 
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 16
c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-
related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario.
Each major economy is likely to respond to transition risks in specific ways, and within different time 
periods. Shifts toward a low-carbon economy carried out in specific sectors are likely to affect not only 
those individual sectors, but other parts of the economy as well. There are at least three aspects to 
consider within this transition process: effect on technologies, economies, and society. The insurable 
risks related to these transitions could develop in many ways.
Achieving a transition to a low-carbon economy requires fundamental changes to all parts of the 
economy. While limiting climate change to 2°C or below will lower physical climate risk, the technological 
and policy changes required to achieve this create their own sets of risks.
Independent of the precise pathway, the transition could be disruptive, as significant asset price moves 
are required to shift resources to low-carbon technology on a global scale. Changes in public perception 
and the regulatory landscape could reshape legal and reputational risks.
Transition risks are more uncertain than physical risks. We use a climate scorecard to measure transition-
risk-related indicators, with the assessment indicating that a physical risk path currently is significantly 
more likely than a transition path. However, transition risks and physical risks are not mutually exclusive 
and can potentially co-exist, depending on the timing, speed and effectiveness of the path followed.
RISK MANAGEMENT
Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.
a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
Palomar’s economic model is closely tied to our coverages for natural disasters and catastrophes. We 
believe the existing scientific consensus that man-made changes to climate conditions are leading 
to increases in sea levels and global temperatures, and that the severity and frequency of weather-
related natural disasters may increase relative to historical experience. We believe that this increase in 
severe weather, coupled with currently projected demographic trends in catastrophe-exposed regions, 
contributes to factors that will increase the average economic value of expected losses, increase the 
number of people exposed per year to natural disasters and in general exacerbate disaster risk, including 
risks to infrastructure, global supply chains and agricultural production. In addition to the impacts that 
environmental incidents have on our business, changes to law and regulation related to climate change 
could also directly affect our business, including state insurance regulations that could impact our ability 
to manage property exposures in areas vulnerable to significant climate driven losses, and possible 
new requirements that insurers integrate the financial risk of climate change into business operations 
and governance. Additionally, The ERM Sub-Committee, which is guided by the Own Risk and Solvency 
Assessment (“ORSA”) model developed by the NAIC, is ultimately responsible for assessing and 
monitoring our risk management strategy and framework.    
From an underwriting standpoint, we carefully consider the development and deployment of insurance 
products in coastal areas that may be impacted by rising sea levels, and we incorporate scenarios into 
our catastrophe modeling that involve elevated sea surface temperatures and other relevant data. As 
part of our risk management practice, we use third-party vendor catastrophe modeling tools to help 
estimate our exposure to weather risk by line of business, as well as on a per-occurrence and aggregate 
basis. Our modeling process generates exceedance probability curves and we evaluate our modeled net 
retained weather risk against specific probable maximum loss (“PML”) return periods.
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 17
b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks.
Climate change could have an impact on the frequency and severity of weather-related events in the 
areas where Palomar provides hurricane and flood coverage. In consideration of these risks, we have 
instituted certain underwriting guidelines and criteria to mitigate our risk and we have employed a robust 
reinsurance program to address and mitigate our risk of a material climate change impacting business. 
We partner with catastrophe modeling companies AIR Worldwide (“AIR”) and Risk Management 
Services (“RMS”), whom both leverage the latest IPCC model, to evaluate climate-related risks to our 
core underwriting portfolio. We also leverage data from the National Weather Service and the National 
Hurricane Center to ensure we are evaluating the most relevant data in our respective markets. 
While Palomar is honored to offer insurance products that provide resilience after disaster strikes by 
helping our policyholders rebuild their homes and businesses, we are also mindful of the need to 
reduce the severity of events through more responsible climate management. Accordingly, with respect 
to our office activity, mobile combustion and business travel, we continue to work on reducing our 
environmental impact. We offer our team a hybrid work environment that not only addresses our team 
members changing needs, but also has the added benefit of reducing our carbon footprint. Additionally, 
for a portion of our residential inspections, we use a leading photo and video verification platform, 
which reduces our carbon footprint by eliminating the need to send an inspector to each unique location. 
Palomar will conduct a third-party validated study of our climate footprint in 2022 and report back to our 
stakeholders with that data and a plan to achieve carbon neutrality by a date certain.
c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are 
integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.
Palomar regularly and continually reviews, monitors and assesses catastrophe model literature, papers 
and publications for potential effect on our business. Tests using computer simulations are conducted 
to assess the effect of climate changes on Palomar’s business and policyholders. The weather-related 
computer models allow us to assess our concentration of risks, claims frequency and product pricing to 
ensure consumer confidence in our ability to respond to catastrophes as they develop. Our reinsurance 
brokers also assist in assessing how climate change may affect our business.
METRICS AND TARGETS
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities 
where such information is material.
a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in 
line with its strategy and risk management process.
Palomar is in the process of identifying key performance indicators (“KPIs”) to track and ensure 
improvement in the mitigation of operational and investment related risks. As is stated above, Palomar 
has initiated a work from home initiative due to the COVID-19 virus stay at home orders and plans to 
continue to have a work from home option to reduce commute time and vehicle emissions. We have also 
implemented a largely paperless environment. Where allowed we issue policies via email through PDF 
files and avoid the printing and re-printing of policies, amendments, endorsements, billing statements, 
etc. Internally, communication is via email and records are kept in paperless form. When we do need 
to print, we utilize dual side printing. We use energy saving light bulbs, and our lighting and electrical 
Sustainability & Citizenship ReportPLMR.com 18
systems use motion sensor technology to automatically turn of electricity when not needed. We have 
also installed web conferencing technology to reduce the need to travel from office to office.
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the 
related risks.
Palomar will conduct a third-party validated study of our climate footprint in 2022 and report back to our 
stakeholders with those data and a plan to achieve carbon neutrality by a date certain.
c)  Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities 
and performance against targets.
Palomar regularly consults predictive studies and analyzes disaster patterns after disaster events, 
allowing us to make the appropriate changes to our underwriting portfolio and business strategy.
PLMR.com