CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY
2021 Corporate 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 2
Table of Contents 
 
Introduction  
Letter from Our CEO .............................................................................................................. 3
Energy: A Necessity in Today’s Evolving World ................................................................... 5
Data Tear Sheet..................................................................................................................... 7
About Centennial................................................................................................................ 10
About This Report ................................................................................................................ 10
Centennial’s ESG Mission Statement ................................................................................. 1 1
Board and Management Oversight .................................................................................. 12
Climate Change ................................................................................................................. 14
Environment  
How We Operate ................................................................................................................ 1 5
Air Quality Management .................................................................................................... 17
Water Management ........................................................................................................... 21
Land Stewardship and Biodiversity .................................................................................... 2 5
Seismicity .............................................................................................................................. 28
Spill Management and Prevention .................................................................................... 29
Health & Safety  
Overview .............................................................................................................................. 31
Environmental, Health and Safety Performance .............................................................. 31
Emergency Preparedness and Response ......................................................................... 32
Environmental, Health and Safety Training ....................................................................... 34
Response to COVID-19 ....................................................................................................... 3 5
Social 
Human Capital .................................................................................................................... 36
Training and Development................................................................................................. 37
Diversity and Inclusion ......................................................................................................... 38
Benefits ................................................................................................................................. 39
Charitable Giving ................................................................................................................ 40
Governance & Ethics  
Overall Governance ........................................................................................................... 42
Board of Directors ................................................................................................................ 42
Executive Compensation ................................................................................................... 44
Security, Human Rights and Community Relations .......................................................... 4 5
Business Ethics ...................................................................................................................... 4 5
Cybersecurity ....................................................................................................................... 47
Government Relations ........................................................................................................ 48
Appendix  
Board Matrix ......................................................................................................................... 49
Content Index to Reporting Standards ............................................................................. 5 0
Forward Looking Statements and Disclosures ................................................................... 5 5
 
Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 3
Letter from Our CEO
Dear Stakeholder:
On behalf of our employees and Board of Directors, I am pleased to
present Centennial’s 2021 Corporate Sustainability Report. As an oil and
natural gas company, Centennial is a proud supplier of vital and efficient
energy sources, and we are especially proud of the responsible way in
which we achieve that objective. Our employees are highly skilled
professionals who are committed to excellence and continuous
improvement toward the goal of responsibly delivering long-term value to
our stakeholders. That commitment extends throughout our operations and
includes a dedication to superior performance with respect to
environmental,social and governance(“ESG”) matters.
The disruptions and tragedies resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and
the OPEC+ price war remind us that the future is uncertain, and our plans
and operations must be built on a resilient foundation. Centennial’s
perseverance through these events is a testament to the strong principles
upon which we were founded and the strength of our organization. Like
many of our peers, our operations ground to a halt during the late spring
and early summer of 2020. We used that time to take stock, evolve and
improve. We reduced costs, increased cash flow, enhanced capital
efficiency and emerged from the worst crisis in recent memory stronger
than ever. An important element of that evolution was the implementation
and continued refinement of an ESG program designed to improve,
measure and demonstrate our performance in the areas of corporate
governance, environmental compliance, the safety and well-being of our
employees, community impacts and ultimately the sustainability of
Centennial. This report is the result of that effort, and its contents further
demonstrate Centennial’s values, strengths, resiliency and ability to deliver
long-term valueto our stakeholders.
While this is our first year to report on our ESG performance, the efforts to
build our ESG program provided an opportunity to reflect on this
performance beginning with the public listing of Centennial in October of
2016. That review revealed a continual dedication to the improvement of
our systems, processes, practices and policies that contribute to
Centennial’s growth and success. The examination also made evident the
importance of our original principles and values which have provided the
firm foundation upon which the growth and sustainability of our company
was made possible – top-tier talent, ethics and integrity, high quality assets
and our commitment to operationalexcellence,safety and execution.

Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 4
These valuesunderpinour ESG commitments, some examplesof which include:
•Corporate Governance: In the spring of 2020, we separated the roles of our CEO and
Chairman of the Board and appointed an independent chairman. In October of 2020, we
expanded the Board’s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee duties to
include oversight and guidance on ESG matters and renamed the committee the
Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. Through this committee,
the Board reviews and monitors our policies, controls and systems relating to ESG matters
and monitors broaderESG trends.
•Health and Safety: During 2020, we developed a comprehensive Health, Safety and
Environmental Management System that we will fully implement in 2021, and that is
designedto improve our health, safety and environmental performance.
•Environmental Integrity: We joined The Environmental Partnership as part of our
commitment to environmental best practices and improvement. Additionally, we made
significant progress toward implementing new processes to better track and reduce our
greenhouse gas emissions and increased our year-over-year gas capture, achieving a flare
rate of 0.5% of total gas volumes producedduringthe fourth quarterof 2020.
•Our Greatest Asset, Our People: We continued our comprehensive training programs and
implemented a vigorous COVID-19 response plan which successfully protected the health
and well-being of our workforce. Also, we formed a Diversity & Inclusion Committee and
initiatedrelatedtraining for our employees.
•Our Communities: For many of our employees, the communities where we operate are
the communities where they live. For the rest of us, they are our second home. We are
proud to have organized and engaged in numerous community outreach activities in
Midland, Pecos, Hobbs and Denver and look forward to continuing to expand our positive
impact on these communities in the yearsto come.
Thank you for taking the time to review our inaugural Corporate Sustainability Report. We are
very proud of our company, our people and our success in providing critical energy resources
to society in an efficient, responsible and sustainable way. The following pages illustrate our
performance and commitment toward that objective.
Sincerely,
Sean R. Smith
Chief ExecutiveOfficer

Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 5
Energy: A Necessity in Today’s Evolving World
Centennial is proud to be a part of the oil and natural gas industry
that produces affordable and reliable energy to fuel society. The
oil and gas industry contributes billions of dollars to local and state
economies, it provides high paying jobs for the communities in
which operations occur and it will continue to be a major
contributor to the global energy mix for decades to come.
Centennial is proud to be a member of the communities in which
we operate and to contribute, both socially and economically, to
the greateroil and natural gas industryin Texasand NewMexico.
In 2019, the Texas oil and natural gas industry paid more than $16
billion in state and local taxes and royalties to the state. The
industry’s 2019 economic contribution to New Mexico through
state and local taxes and royalties, including payments derived
from industry activities on federal lands, totaled $2.8 billion and
represented 31% of New Mexico’s 2019 state budget. In Texas and
New Mexico combined, the oil and gas industry contributed the
equivalent of approximately $50 million each day that directly
funds schools, universities, roads, first responders and other
important governmental initiatives. The total industry contribution
between 2007 and 2019 is over $149 billion in Texas and another
$10 billion in New Mexico. Moreover, in 2019 and 2020,
Centennial’s individual contribution to the state governments of
Texas and New Mexico through the payment of taxes and royalties
was almost $200 million.
In addition to the substantial economic impact that our industry
provides, oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids touch almost
everything that constitute the necessities and conveniences of
modern life. Regardless of where someone might live, the oil and
gas industry plays an enormous role in everything an individual
does and consumes. It provides not just fuel for cars, trucks and
airplanes, but it is one of the primary components in the
manufacturing of plastics for cell phones, TV’s, cameras,
computers, medicine, lifesaving devices and much more. Other
everyday products made from petroleum include many forms of
clothing, tires, kayaks and other boats, fertilizers, heart valves and
other medical products, golf balls and golf bags and personal
care products such as hair coloring, lipstick, denture adhesive,
shampoo, shaving cream and toothpaste, among many others. It
is difficult to imagine modern life without many of these items.
Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 6
Besides the substantial role that oil and gas
play in our modern and developing world, it
will continue to do so well into the future.
While efforts to address the risks associated
with climate change include the increased
use of alternative energy sources to meet
the world’s expanding energy needs, under
most third-party scenarios that meet the
global average temperature reduction
goals of the 2015 Paris Agreement of the
United Nations Framework Convention on
Climate Change, oil and natural gas will
continue to play a significant role for
decades in meeting the increasing energy
demand of a growing and more prosperous
global population. Between now and 2040,
the global population is expected to
increase from 7.5 billion to over 9 billion
people. Also, during that time global Gross
Domestic Product is expected to double.
The energy needs to support this
advancement will be substantial andrequire growing contributions from all
energy sources, including oil and gas.
Access to affordable energy is an important
underpinning of continued economic
growth and security worldwide. Centennial
is committed to providing reliable and
affordable oil and gas to support the
growing prosperity and population of the
world while implementing systems and
procedures to continually improve and
reduce the environmental impact of our
operations, improve our social impact in the
communities where we operate and
continually increase the long-term
sustainabilityof our enterprise.
OPERATIONS Metric 2018 2019 2020
Total Net Production1MBoe/d 61.1              76.1              67.2              
Producing Wells (Gross Operated)2# 285               381               413               
Completions (Gross Operated) # 80                 84                 31                 
Avg. Lateral Length (Gross Operated) Ft. 7,400            7,700            7,500            
ENVIRONMENTAL Metric 2018 2019 2020
Air Emissions:3
Direct GHG Emissions mt CO ₂e 389,341        466,936         423,777         
By Constituent
Carbon Dioxide mt CO ₂e 308,392        369,664         334,211         
Methane mt CO ₂e 80,726          97,131           89,381           
% Methane % 21% 21% 21%
Nitrous Oxide mt CO ₂e 223              141               185               
By Source
Flaring mt CO ₂e ND 261,472         248,640         
Combustion mt CO ₂e 71,515          73,679           80,565           
Vented Emissions mt CO ₂e 137,101        12,566           25,951           
Fugitive Emissions mt CO ₂e 7,590           8,810            9,207            
GHG Emissions Intensity mt CO ₂e/MBoe 15.8 14.2 14.2              
Methane Emissions Intensity mt CO ₂e/MBoe 3.3 3.0 3.0                
Flared Gas:
Flared Gas (% of Gas Produced) % 4.7% 7.1% 4.4%
CDEV consistently reduced its percentage of flared gas throughout 2020 and flared 0.5% of gas in Q4'20
CDEV has set a target to reduce its percentage of flared gas to 1% in 2021
Water Usage:
Total Sourced Water Usage MMBbls 39.6              35.3              8.4                
Total Recycled Produced Water Usage MMBbls -                  3.0                4.8                
Total Water Usage (Sourced + Recycled) MMBbls 39.6              38.3              13.2              
Sourced
Fresh Water (Water with < 1,000 ppm TDS) MMBbls 6.8                5.4                0.5                
Non-Fresh Water ( > 1,000 ppm TDS & < 10,000 ppm TDS) MMBbls 32.8              29.9              7.9                
Loss Due to Evaporation4MMBbls 4.0                3.5                0.8                
Water Usage Intensity (Bbls sourced water / Boe produced) Bbls/Boe 1.61              1.08              0.28              
Produced
Total Produced Water5MMBbls 59.8              85.5              68.2              
Disposed Produced Water - Third-Party Systems6% 51% 55% 47%
Injected Produced Water7% 47% 38% 44%
Recycled Produced Water % 0% 4% 7%
Discharged % 0% 0% 0%Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 7
Data Tear Sheet:
Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 8
Data Tear Sheet ,continued :
Spill Prevention and Management: Metric 2018 2019 2020
Oil Spill Events (> 1 Bbl) # 29                 72                 85                 
Oil Spill Volumes (> 1 Bbl) Bbls 172               452               562               
Oil Spill Rate (Spilled / Produced) % 0.001% 0.002% 0.003%
Recovered Oil Bbls 105               303               336               
Produced Water Spill Events (> 1 Bbl) # 63                 117               68                 
Produced Water Spill Volumes (> 1 Bbl) Bbls 11,774           9,928            9,711            
Produced Water Spill Rate (Spilled / Produced) % 0.020% 0.012% 0.014%
Recovered Produced Water Bbls 10,611           7,841            4,261            
Recovered volumes are attributed to rapid spill response and recovery operations
HEALTH & SAFETY Metric 2018 2019 2020
Incident Rates:
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) – incidents per 200,000 work hours
    Employee # -                -                -                
    Contractor # 0.51              0.58              0.60              
    Total Workforce # 0.47              0.53              0.50              
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) – incidents per 200,000 work hours
    Employee # -                -                -                
    Contractor # 0.10              0.10              0.36              
    Total Workforce # 0.09              0.09              0.30              
Near Miss Frequency Rate (NMFR) – incidents per 200,000 work hours # ND ND 0.69              
SOCIAL2Metric 2018 2019 2020
Employees # 178               195               151               
Total Female Employees % 43% 41% 38%
Female Supervisors and Managers % 29% 34% 34%
Total Ethnic Minority Employees % 19% 25% 24%
Ethnic Minority Supervisors and Managers % 2% 9% 11%
Employee Voluntary Turnover % 8% 7% 5%
ECONOMIC IMPACT Metric 2019 2020
Severance Taxes8
Texas $MM $32.1 $15.0
New Mexico $MM $13.9 $13.1
Ad Valorem Taxes8
Texas $MM $16.9 $11.1
New Mexico $MM $0.3 $0.2
Royalties
Texas $MM $23.0 $13.0
New Mexico $MM $20.8 $32.4
Federal $MM $4.5 $2.3
Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 9
Data Tear Sheet ,continued :
Footnotes:
1) Represents total net equivalent production, which includes operated and non-operated volumes; unless noted
otherwise, the remainingcalculationsin thisDataTear Sheet represent gross, operatedfigures
2) Dataas of year-end; all other remainingdata representativeof the full year
3) Represents emissions data reported to the Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) on an annual basis according
to EPA regulation
4) Water lost due to evaporationand storage was not used downhole but is includedin our totalsourced water usage
5) Includes disposed, injected and recycled produced water volumes, in addition to produced water that remains in
Company storage;as a result,the sub-categoriesbelow may not sum to 100%
6) Disposedof through third-partysources; unknown if injectedor sold for recyclingpurposes by third-party
7) Injected via CDEV owned / operated Class II Injection wells; does not account for produced water disposed of
through thirdparty sources
8) Represents net dollar amounts paid in severance & ad valorem taxes
Other Notes:
The metrics in this data tear sheet have been calculated using the best available information at the time of preparation
of this data tear sheet. The data utilized in calculating such metrics is subject to certain reporting rules, regulatory
reviews, definitions, calculation methodologies, adjustments and other factors. As a result, these metrics are subject to
change if updated data or other information becomes available. Accordingly, certain metrics in this data tear sheet in
respect to prior years may be revisedfrom timeto time to reflect updated dataand other information.
mt CO2e = “Metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent”
ND = “Not disclosed”
Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a list of additional abbreviations and definitions of certain terms used
in this report.

Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 10
About Centennial
Centennial Resource Development, Inc. (“Centennial,” “we,”
“us” or “our”) (NASDAQ: CDEV) is an independent oil and
natural gas company focused on the development of
unconventional oil and associated liquids-rich natural gas
reserves in the Delaware Basin, a sub-basin of the Permian
Basin. Since our formation in 2016, Centennial has successfully
grown its asset base through the efficient development of its
properties and the cost-efficient acquisition of oil and gas
leases in highly productive areas. Currently, Centennial’s
properties consist of approximately 81,700 net acres, located
primarily in Reeves and Ward Counties, Texas and in Lea
County, New Mexico.
We believe the Delaware Basin represents one of the most
attractive operating areas in the United States due to its
favorable regulatory environment, rural setting, low operating
costs, stacked pay potential, high oil content, historically high
drilling success rates, extensive infrastructure base and
significant service provider network. Centennial is
headquartered in Denver, Colorado and has additional offices
in Midland, Pecos and Sugar Land, Texas; and Hobbs, New
Mexico. As of December 31, 2020, Centennial had 151 full-time
employees. For additional information about Centennial,
pleasevisit www.cdevinc.com.
About This Report
This 2021 Corporate Sustainability Report (the “Report”) reflects
an evolution from our initial Corporate Responsibility Report
published in 2018, represents Centennial’s inaugural
Environmental, Social and Environmental (“ESG”) report and
covers our performance in areas such as environmental
stewardship; regulatory compliance; health and safety;
corporate governance; ethics; security; workforce diversity,
development and well-being; and community engagement
and involvement. The focus areas of this Report reflect a
combination of internal research, peer benchmarking and
feedback from stakeholders to determine a materiality profile
relevant to our business through which to report our
sustainability performance. That investigation led to our
adoption of the materiality profile developed by Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) for independent oil and
gas exploration and production companies as the structure
Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 11
with which to guide our reporting of sustainability performance. We have also adopted
selected Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) disclosures to guide an expansion of the Report’s
coverage to certain governance and workforce related matters. Both the SASB and GRI
standards and disclosures include topics, quantitative accounting and qualitative activity
metrics and technical protocols. This Report includes information we believe is important and
informative to our stakeholders. We plan to publish a corporate sustainability report annually
and will strive to be consistent with the way data is reported. We acknowledge the potential
to include additional or different information, data and disclosures as ESG trends and
reportingstandardsevolve.
The information, data and disclosures included in this Report cover our operations and other
activities during calendar year 2020, unless noted otherwise. Additionally, the Company
desires to continue to improve its ESG reporting, transparency and performance and will be
interested in receiving feedback on this Report so that we might continue these
improvements. Comments, suggestions and questions about this Report may be submitted
to:
Centennial Resource Development, Inc.
Attn: Investor Relations
1001 17th Street, Suite 1800
Denver, Colorado 80202
or: 
ir@cdevinc.com
(832) 240-3265
– Centennial’s ESG Mission Statement  –
Centennial is committed to producing oil and natural gas in a way that creates
long-term value for our stakeholders, which includes the commitment to do so in
an ethical, inclusive, pragmatic and environmentally and socially responsible
way. The core mission of Centennial’s ESG effort is to identify, implement,
manage, evolve and improve procedures, systems and policies that continually
advance Centennial’s ESG performance and long-term sustainability and to
report that performance to our stakeholders in a clear, transparent and
measurable way.
Board and Management Oversight
We believe strong ESG leadership starts at the top, and that is
why our Board of Directors engages frequently in matters
specifically related to the Company’s ESG initiatives,
performance and reporting. Our Board believes that
corporate responsibility is fundamental to Centennial’s
business strategy and long-term success and, therefore, is
actively involved in ESG matters. In addition to frequently
discussing ESG topics, the Board receives routine updates
from the Company on a variety of sustainability issues,
including, but not limited to, health and safety, environmental
compliance, greenhouse gas (“GHG") emissions, water
management, workplace diversity, talent retention,
cybersecurity, risk management and operating and other
costs. The management of Centennial believes that proper
oversight and governance are key to sustainability and work
in partnership with our Board in order to achieve our
sustainabilitygoals.
The Board’s Nominating, Environmental, Social and
Governance (“NESG”) Committee oversees the Company’s
overall ESG initiatives and reports on these issues to the
remainder of the Board. The NESG Committee’s duties and
responsibilitiesspecificallyrelatedto ESG matters include:
•Reviewing and monitoring Centennial’s policies, controls
and systems relating to ESG and making recommendations
to the Boardon ESG matters
•Monitoring and receiving reports on ESG laws, regulations,
decisions, protocols, trends, risks and other ESG-related
developments
•Receiving reports from Company management regarding
ESG performance and strategies and initiatives with
respectto ESG matters
•Monitoring the effectiveness of the Company’s ESG
policies,controls and systems
•Reviewing with, and making recommendations to, the
Board and management regarding Centennial’s ESG
policies, practices and metrics, as well as public disclosure
of ESG mattersCorporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 12

Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 13
Board of Directors 
Executive 
Management
ESG Committee
(Senior Team)
Financial 
ReportingHS&EInformation & 
TechnologyRegulatoryNominating, 
Environmental, Social and 
Governance Committee
To assist the NESG Committee and the Board with ESG oversight and strategy, the Company
established an ESG Committee in early 2020, which reports directly to members of
Centennial’s senior management team. The ESG Committee provides a quarterly update to
the Board regarding the Company’s ESG performance, strategy, emerging ESG trends and
stakeholder feedback, as well as the Company’s progress towards certain ESG-related goals.
Our ESG Committee is comprised of senior level and front-line employees from many
disciplines with various skillsets and includes representatives from our Financial Reporting,
Government Relations, Health, Safety and Environmental (“HS&E”), Human Resources,
Information Technology, Investor Relations, Land, Legal, Operations and Regulatory
departments. This broad representation provides a dynamic, unique and broad perspective
and allows us to develop multifaceted strategies in order to tackle a wide range of
sustainability matters. We believe that including team members from various levels and
disciplines within the Company is key to accurate and comprehensive ESG reporting and
promotes of sense of ownership throughout the organization.
The ESG Committee’s responsibilitiesincludethe following functions:
•Supportingthe Board with generalESG strategy,includingprovidingregularupdates
•Assisting senior management to establishESG goals and targets
•Collectingdata and confirming the accuracyof collecteddata
•Ensuring that industry-recognized technologies and best practices are utilized, especially
relatedto our efforts to reduceGHG emissions
•Reinforcingthe importance of ESG issuesthroughout all levelsof the organization
•Publishingmaterial ESG data in a clear and easilyunderstood manner for stakeholders
Corporate Sustainability | Introduction | Page 14
Climate Change
Climate change is an important priority to Centennial and its stakeholders. We support the
global initiatives to reduce emissions to manage the effects of climate change, and we are
prepared and committed to adapt to the associated impacts on the oil and gas industry.
We recognize the need to reduce GHG emissions and to limit routine flaring. While legal and
regulatory efforts are quickly emerging to address these issues and may include new
challenges to our business, our commitment to best practices and operational excellence
ensures that our systems remain on the leading edge of the changing regulatory
environment, and we believe that we are well prepared to adapt to the anticipated
changes. Our overall strategy is to manage our environmental footprint in a proactive
manner and take steps to limit our methane and other GHG emissions. We are committed to
working with our industry partners, regulators and the communities in which we operate to
address and minimize our impacts on the environment while ensuring a supply of sustainable,
abundantand affordable energy.
[Too much blank space, or OK?]

EnvironmentCorporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 15
How We Operate
Environmental Overview
Centennial operates in West Texas and Southeast New Mexico. This area enjoys
multiple land uses and is home to a diverse ecosystem including mountain, desert
and semi-desert habitats, precious water resources, native grasslands and shrublands
and many indigenous wildlife species, including some that are threatened or
endangered. The area is also home to small communities where many of our
employees, contractors and other team members reside. At the heart of this region
lies the Delaware Basin, a sub-basin of the broader Permian Basin, one of the most
prolific oil and gas fields in the country. As a Delaware Basin operator, Centennial
recognizes its responsibility to protect the unique natural and human resources of this
region as we seek to develop our oil and natural gas reserves. Centennial is
committed to protecting the environment and the health and safety of employees,
contractors and others impacted by our operations. To achieve these goals, we have
developed a Health, Safety and Environmental Management System (“HSEMS”), a
program that provides training and includes policies, practices and procedures
designed to protect the environment, as well as to keep our employees, contractors
and communities safe.
Our commitment to operational excellence includes Centennial’s focus on
environmental excellence and stewardship. Effectively managing our environmental
responsibilities reduces risks and minimizes the potential of adverse environmental
impacts and contributes to our sustainability and growth. We are committed to
maintain compliance with all local, state and federal laws, rules and regulations that
govern our operations and activities. We also endeavor to be leaders in our industry
and continually aim to go above and beyond these threshold requirements which
serve to extend our commitment to the evolving best practices for the upstream oil
and gas industry. Among our foundational values are ethics, integrity and
operational excellence, and we firmly believe that the right thing to do is to protect
the air,water,land and flora and fauna in the areaswhere we operateand live.
A Managed Approach to Protectingthe Environment
In order to achieve our goals of operational and environmental excellence,
Centennial utilizes a strategically organized approach to comply with environmental
and other regulatory responsibilities. Our teams work together to reduce risk, minimize
our environmental footprint and prevent or minimize environmental incidents. Over
the course of 2020, we developed and began implementing our HSEMS program to
further our commitment to health, safety, compliance and risk management, and we
Corporate Sustainability | Environment| Page 16
plan to fully implement the HSEMS systems in 2021. HSEMS includes key safety and
environmental programs such as Air Quality Compliance, Hazard Assessment and
Communication Program, Emergency Response Plan and Spill Prevention and Waste
Management Programs, among many others and is further detailed in the Health & Safety
section of this Report.
Planning to Ensure Success
During the early stages of field development and prior to initiating our operations, Centennial
engages in a rigorous planning process to reduce risk and ensure that we meet our
environmental responsibilities. This planning process is designed to discover and assess risks
and potential hazards and enables us to identify, evaluate, select and implement solutions to
mitigate our impact. Operations are commenced only after the planning process is
complete. Where feasible, we utilize a multi-pad development process which further
minimizes our environmental footprint, consolidates our facilities into more localized and
manageablelocations and isolates our development from environmentallysensitiveareas.
We design our operations with a focus on the following principlesand goals:
•We design our wellbores, wellheads and facilities 
using a prevention through design methodology 
to avoid unplanned environmental releasesQuality Design
•We aim to reduce or eliminate routine flaring 
events where feasible and set targets regarding 
flaring reductionsElimination of Routine 
Flaring
•We utilize the best available control technology 
to manage and limit excess and fugitive emissionsUtilization of the Best 
Equipment
•We continue to increase the amount of recycled 
produced water used in our drilling and 
completions operationsIncreased Water 
Recycling
•We utilize pipelines, whenever possible, to 
transport our oil, natural gas and associated 
waterUtilization of Pipelines
Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 17
Air Quality Management
Centennial recognizes the potential
environmental risks and impacts associated
with emissions from oil and gas operations. In
addition to the environmental air quality laws
and regulations applicable to our operations as
discussed above and in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K, we also continually strive to identify
opportunities to innovate and find new
solutions to reduce our air quality impact.
Examples of our initiatives include our
participation in The Environmental Partnership
and the Texas Methane and Flaring Coalition.
Some specific examples of additional efforts
include:
•Monitoring and increasing inspections of our
facilitiesand potential flaring activities
•Managing the volume of emissions of volatile
organic compounds (“VOC”) and other
GHGs and hazardousair pollutants
•Instituting best available control technologies
to limit the release and impact of air
pollutants associatedwith our operations
•Installing and monitoring tank pressure
gauges
•Transporting produced water and oil from
our drilling sites by pipeline rather than truck,
which reduces emissions, including VOCs,
from open tank vents and carbon monoxide
(“CO”) from trucktraffic
•Installing load-out controls on our production
locations to minimize VOC emissions resulting
from oil tank unloading
•Connecting many of our facilities to our
electrical grid to eliminate the need for fuel-
fired generators, which reduces VOC, CO
and nitrous oxide (“NOx”) emissions– CASE STUDY –
Electric Substation Build-Out
In early 2019, Centennial undertook an
initiative to reduce its dependence
upon natural gas and diesel fueled
generators by connecting its well-sites in
Reeves County, Texas to the electric
grid. During the second half of 2019,
Centennial began constructing a
proprietary electric substation to
accomplish this objective. Upon
completion of the substation in late
2020, the Company was able to reduce
the number of generators in the field
from approximately 135 to 10. We
expanded the effort by also converting
numerous VRUs from combustion
engines to electrical power. These
efforts not only increased field
productivity and reduced operating
costs but also removed approximately
165 combustion engines related to
generators and VRUs from our
operations. As a result of this initiative,
Centennial expects to realize a year-
over-year reduction in GHG emissions,
including VOCs, CO and NOx. Our
operations team continues to look for
additional ways to utilize our electrical
system in order to further reduce both
emissions and costs.
Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 18
•Routinelyconducting audio, visual and olfactory (“AVO”) inspections of our facilities
•Implementing a Leak Detection and Repair (“LDAR”) program along with a “Find it and Fix
it” approach
•Installingvapor recoveryunits (“VRUs”) at high-volumeproduction sites to limit emissions
•Implementing dual-fuel technology in our drilling and completion operations to reduce
emissions and associatedcosts
•Replacinghigh-bleedpneumaticdeviceswith no- or low-bleedcontrollers
•Convertingour control devicesto use compressedair
Centennial recognizes the need to effectively monitor and track air emissions from our
operations and views such monitoring and tracking as an essential first step in identifying and
implementing cost-effective measures to reduce such existing emissions and set future
emissions reduction goals. We have implemented a program to track and monitor our GHG
emissions and as a result have been able to realize a reduction in our emissions intensity over
time relative to the growth in our production volumes. We submit our Scope 1 (direct) GHG
emissions data annually to the Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) pursuant to the New
SourcePerformance Standards(NSPS) regulatoryrequirements.
Our HSEMS program directs all of Centennial’s HS&E, field personnel and contractors to
receive frequent and regular training in air quality laws and regulations, industry standards
and best practices and air quality practices and procedures specific to Centennial and its
operations. Our Air Quality Compliance and Assurance program identifies specific
compliance, testing, documentation and reporting requirements, as well as control methods
and devices, applicable to our different operating areas. Additionally, it guides our efforts to
identify, mitigate, eliminate and reportair qualityincidents.
– CASE STUDY –
Utilizing Dual-Fuel Drilling Rigs & Completions Frac Crews
In late 2020, Centennial’s operations team began exploring the possibility of utilizing dual-fuel
capabilities for its drilling and completion operations. As of March 2021, all of Centennial’s
contracted drilling rigs and completion equipment have dual-fuel capabilities and are able to
supplement diesel with compressed natural gas (“CNG”). This allows a drilling rig or completion
equipment to be powered with either 100% diesel fuel or a mixture of CNG and diesel. The option
to utilize locally sourced natural gas produces fewer emissions and is more cost efficient than diesel.
We estimate that a typical completions operation equipped with dual-fuel capabilities consumes
65% less diesel during the stimulation of a typical well. This not only lowers costs but also further
reduces GHG emissions. In the future, Centennial plans to exclusively utilize drilling rigs and
completions crews with dual-fuel capabilities.
Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 19
Focus on Flared Gas
One of the highest ESG priorities of Centennial’s
Board of Directors, executive management
and operational team is reducing the volume
of flared natural gas from our operations. We
recognize that natural gas flaring results in GHG
emissions and is economically wasteful. While
flaring may be unavoidable during emergency
or upset conditions, we strive to avoid routine
flaring to the greatest extent possible. Routine
flaring may occur for numerous reasons,
including the unavailability of gas gathering
and processing infrastructure when wells
achieve initial production, undersized gas
pipelines to downstream facilities, downstream
market interruptions and lack of natural gas
capture during completion operations. We
attempt to recognize and predict these
common causes of routine flaring, and we are
committed to mitigating their occurrence with
adequate infrastructure planning and gas
takeawayoptionality.
The development plans for our well pads are
structured to ensure the availability of gas
gathering and takeaway infrastructure at the
beginning of production, and we partner with
our midstream providers to ensure such
infrastructure is in place. This reduces the need
for flaring and preserves the ability to deliver
the gas to market for sale. Our marketing team
has secured firm sales and transportation
agreements for a majority of our expected
natural gas volumes, as well as multiple
interruptible sales and transportation
agreements covering the balance of our
expected production. The result is that our
natural gas can be transported to end-markets
for consumers through multiple takeaway
options, unconstrained by a lack of pipeline
capacity.7.1%9.5%
4.8%
2.3%
0.5%
2019 Q1'20 Q2'20 Q3'20 Q4'20% of Natural Gas Flared
– CASE STUDY –
New Mexico Infrastructure Build-
Out
Centennial recently partnered with one
of its midstream providers to develop a
creative solution to reduce natural gas
flaring on its New Mexico properties.
During the third quarter of 2020,
Centennial invested approximately $1
million to construct five miles of larger
diameter pipeline which increased gas
takeaway capacity on a portion of its
New Mexico acreage. This
infrastructure project, coupled with
additional compression provided by the
midstream provider, resulted in a
significant increase to the company’s
gas capture rate and a corresponding
reduction in flared volumes.
Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 20
In mid-2020, Centennial set an internal short-term flaring target of
two percent or less of our total gross gas volumes produced.
Through the initiatives described above, a heightened corporate
focus and infrastructure expansion on our properties, Centennial
has meaningfully reduced its year-over-year volumes of flared gas.
Moreover, during the fourth quarter of 2020, our natural gas flaring
rate was 0.5% of total gross gas volumes produced, an
accomplishment of which we are exceedingly proud. For 2021,
the Company has set a flaring target of 1% and will continually
work to minimize flaring outside of routine maintenance to near
zero.
LDAR Program
Tracking and reporting emissions from our facilities is a critical step
toward improving our emissions reduction performance.
Centennial employs a Leak Detection and Repair (“LDAR”)
program to identify and monitor fugitive emissions from our
operations. As part of this program, we utilize Optical Gas Imaging
(“OGI”) cameras to identify methane leaks from our facilities. The
facilities which are subject to these inspections include wellheads,
heaters and treaters, separators, tanks, flowlines and related
components including valves, connectors, pressure relief devices
and flanges. If any leaks are detected, our operations team
immediately generates a report and promptly repairs the leak
onsite using a “Find it and Fix it” approach. We identify and record
the leaks by source and component type, and the incident is
immediatelyreportedto our HS&E and operations teams.
To supplement the OGI surveys, our field personnel conduct daily
inspections of our facilities, and our field operators perform
monthly audio, visual and olfactory (“AVO”) regulatory surveys, as
well as inspections on all applicable closed vent systems and
facilities in accordance with EPA air quality regulations. These
mandatory efforts are supplemented with voluntary surveys of
unregulated locations and facilities, including older, non-
applicable facilities to identify potential emission issues throughout
all of our operations. This includes repair or replacement of
identified leaking components and, where feasible, upgrading
components, such as control mechanisms, valves and hatches,
with newer and more effective technologies. Finally, we track and
record the results of our inspections in our Incident Management
System in accordance with our Air Quality Compliance and
AssuranceProgram.
Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 21
Water Management
Centennial recognizes that, while water is a
necessity for our drilling and completion
operations, freshwater is a limited resource that
is vital to the communities in which we operate.
Our objective is to be mindful and responsible
stewards of these local water resources. We
operate in areas with medium to extremely
high-water risk, as defined by the World
Resources Institute’s Water Risk Atlas, and we
strive to limit the amount of freshwater used in
our operations. This commitment is reflected in
our water management strategies which
include using water as efficiently as possible,
utilizing appropriate drilling techniques and
equipment, limiting our freshwater use,
increasing our use of recycled water and
disposing of produced water in an
environmentallyresponsiblemanner.
Water Sourcing
Our drilling and completion activities require a
significant amount of water. Given our
objective to be good environmental stewards,
we actively seek to source and maximize
alternatives to freshwater in our operations,
such as brackish water and recycled produced
water. As shown in the chart, we have
consistently decreased the use of freshwater in
our operations by utilizing alternatives. This
helps ensure the preservation of freshwater for
local municipalities and other end users. In
2020, 94% of our operational water use was
non-freshwater, limiting our freshwater use to
only 6% of the total water volumes.83% 85%94%17% 15%6%
2018 2019 2020Sourced Water (%)
Non-Fresh Fresh
Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 22
Water Recycling
In 2018, Centennial formed a project team to
develop comprehensive water sourcing,
disposal and recycling solutions with the goal of
reducing freshwater usage in our operations. In
2019, we began implementing the team’s
water recycling solutions in New Mexico,
subsequently expanding the effort into our
Texas operations in early2020.
During the recycling process, we utilize mobile
treatment facilities to treat flowback and
produced water to a quality that can be re-
used in downhole operations. After treatment,
recycled water is stored in above ground
storage tanks, which are double-lined and
routinely inspected and monitored to ensure
environmental safety and leak avoidance. We
recycled 4.8 million barrels of flowback and
produced water in 2020, representing an
approximate 60% increase compared to 2019.
Centennial’s water recycling program has
reduced our volumes of freshwater
consumption and produced water disposal, as
well as associated costs. We plan to continue
to increase the use of recycled water in our
operations wheneverpossible.-3.0 4.8 
2018 2019 2020Recycled Water Volumes 
(MM Bbls)
Samples of Water Taken at Various Times 
During the Recycling Process

Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 23
Water Infrastructure
Water infrastructure is an integral part of
Centennial’s water management strategy.
Since inception, we have continued to invest in
the expansion of our water disposal system,
which consists of approximately 300 miles of
Centennial owned and operated water
infrastructure pipeline and associated disposal
wells. While we have significantly increased the
amount of recycled water utilized in our drilling
and completion operations, a portion of our
produced water volumes continues to be
injected into saltwater disposal (“SWD”) wells.
As a result of increased water recycling and
reduced activity, in 2020, excluding volumes
delivered to third-party water gatherers,
Centennial decreased injected produced
water volumes into Company-owned and
operatedSWD wells by 8% comparedto 2019.
Continued optimization and expansion of our
water disposal infrastructure, combined with
the piped solutions utilized by our third-party
water disposal service providers, have
significantly reduced our dependency on trucks
that transport flowback water to disposal sites.
Today, over 99% of our disposal water volumes
are transported via pipeline. Combined, these
efforts have reduced trucking-related emissions,
improved road safety, minimized the potential
for spills and reduced the physical impact on
local roads while also reducing our operating
costs.39%
11%
1%
2018 2019 2020Trucked Produced Water 
(% of Total)

Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 24
Hydraulic Fracturingand Fluid Disclosure
The majority of Centennial’s water use occurs
when we hydraulically fracture and complete our
oil and natural gas wells. Hydraulic fracturing, or
fracking, is a proven drilling process used for
extracting oil and natural gas from deep
underground, typically, in the case of
Centennial’s wells, more than 10,000 feet below
the earth’s surface. The process has been safely
used since 1947, and more than 1.7 million wells in
the United States have been completed using the
procedure. Fracking involves injecting pressurized
fluids consisting of water, sand and other materials
into underground shale rock reservoirs. This
creates tiny fractures or pathways in the rock that
safely release crude oil and natural gas molecules
allowing them to flow from the reservoir into the
well casingand up to surfacegatheringpipelines.
The fluid mixture utilized in fracking is typically
more than 99% water and sand. Less than 1% is
composed of chemical additives that are highly
diluted and commonly found in various household
products, such as laundry detergents, cleaners
and beauty products. Regulating agencies, such
as the EPA, and other reputable organizations,
including the Ground Water Protection Council
and the Interstate Oil and Gas Compact
Commission, have established through rigorous
studies that fracking is a safe practice and does
not threaten human health or underground
sourcesof fresh or potable water.
Centennial’s operational practices include the
transparent disclosure of the chemical additives
that we utilize in our fracking operations. We
publicly report our use of those materials through
FracFocus, the national hydraulic fracturing
chemical registry. FracFocus.org is hosted by the
Ground Water Protection Council and Interstate
Oil and Gas Compact Commission. The
FracFocus.org website provides data for all
chemicals used in every hydraulically fractured
Centennial well.Water
88%Sand
11%Chemicals
<1%Typical Well Completion Fluid 
Composition
100%% of Well Completions Which CDEV 
Submits Chemical Ingredient Data to 
the FracFocus.org Database
Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 25
Protecting Integrity of Groundwater
Centennial takes great care to protect the groundwater resources where we operate. While
hydraulic fracturing occurs thousands of feet below freshwater aquifers, the integrity of the
wellbore that traverses the subsurface is critical to ensure that groundwater is protected. We
plan our wells utilizing best-in-class casing and cementing programs designed to achieve that
objective. We also comply with all regulatory standards on depth requirements throughout
the well construction process. During drilling, we continually evaluate the wellbore to ensure
a safe barrier between our drilling operation and the underground formations that we
penetrate. This protects not only the groundwater aquifers but also all of the other geologic
formations intersectedby the wellbore.
During the completion phase, we rely on established policies and procedures designed to
protect the wellbore from over-pressurization. We conduct pressure tests to ensure casing and
cement integrity and set pressure limitations to ensure that we do not exceed maximum
allowable annular pressures, and we continually monitor the wellbore’s pressure throughout
the entire drilling,completion and production process.
Land Stewardship and Biodiversity
Our Commitment
Centennial recognizes the unique value of the natural environment in which we operate.
Maintaining the environment’s integrity for current and future generations is a priority for
Centennial, and we are committed to the conservation of the biodiversity and natural
resources in our areas of operation. Not only do many Centennial employees and their
families live and work in communities near these areas, but the responsible stewardship of
these natural resources is simply another expression of our foundational commitment to
operational excellence,bestpracticesand sustainability.
Planning
Effective land stewardship begins with robust operational planning. That process prioritizes
collaboration with the affected stakeholders, including surface landowners, our neighbors
and off-set operators, as well as federal, state and local regulators. We also conduct pre-
drilling evaluations of potential drilling locations to identify any issues created by topography,
local flora and fauna, existing surface facilities and other infrastructure or other items that
may pose operational obstacles. Through careful design and comprehensive planning, we
identify and avoid or minimize surface disturbance and the impacts of our activities to the
surrounding environment, including any environmentally sensitive areas, sensitive species and
their habitat and sensitive water resources. This process also helps avoid operational delays
associatedwith surfaceissues.
Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 26
Implementation
To reduce the extent and scope of our
surface disturbance and provide other
operational efficiencies, we have
successfully expanded use of multi-well pad
development, longer horizontal wells,
centralized tank batteries and consolidated
utility corridors. Increasing the horizontal
length of our wells means that we access
and produce more of our oil and natural gas
reserves with fewer wells which reduces the
amount of land surface necessary to do so.
Increasing the number of wells that we drill
on each well pad further reduces that
impact. Centennial’s goal is to locate and
drill a minimum of three wells on each well
pad. This objective reduces our total land
use per well by 62% by avoiding more than
eight acres of surface use for every three
wells we drill.
Our impact on the land and environment is
further reduced by combining the facilities
and infrastructure that are necessary to
service and produce our wells. By maximizing
the use of centralized tank batteries and
designing our operations to utilize
consolidated utility corridors, we limit the
number of roadways, pipelines, overhead
electric lines and production facilities that
are necessary for our operations, thus
reducing our operational impact and
preserving the integrity of the land and the
environment.1.71.92.32.4
2017 2018 2019 2020Average Wells Per Pad Site
5,7007,4007,7007,5008,800
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021EAverage Lateral Length (Ft.)
Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 27
Good Neighbors
Centennial is committed to being a good neighbor during the life of our operations. Whether
that requires repairing a landowner’s fence, maintaining or replacing cattle guards, keeping
our operating locations clean and free of debris or working with the surface owner to properly
reclaim and restore the land to its original condition when our operations end, our intention is
to respect the land and its owners. Our experienced surface management personnel strive to
maintain good relationships with surface landowners, manage Centennial’s impact on the
local environment and enhance the ecology of the surface on which we operate. Our
surface land team is responsible for developing and implementing procedures to protect
ecologically sensitive areas, including those with significant biodiversity or hydrological
significance, to remove unused oilfield facilities and to clean, restore, reseed and reclaim
disturbed areas. We take pride in our relationships with surface owners, our reputation as
good stewards of the land and the preservation of the environmental quality of the areas
where we operate.
Always Improving
At Centennial we are always seeking ways to improve our operational practices as they
relate to land stewardship and biodiversity. As part of this effort, we are exploring
opportunities to participate in certain voluntary programs administered by the U.S. Fish and
Wildlife Service designed to mitigate impacts to potential at-risk species and their habitats in
our operating areas. We are also evaluating partnerships with other agencies, landowners
and non-governmental organizations engaged in habitat preservation and remediation
efforts. We also continually seek to identify and participate in volunteer and sponsorship
opportunities in an effort to create positive and direct impacts on the land, environment and
communities in which we operate.
Seismicity
Seismic activity is a natural, geological phenomenon. In recent years, attention has focused
on seismic events that occur in oil and natural gas producing areas. It is believed that some
of these events may be the result of localized oil and gas operations, and specifically the
underground injection and disposal of water that is produced in association with oil and
natural gas. When the underground injection of water causes seismic events, the
phenomena is referred to as induced seismicity. To best understand our potential operational
impacts and to mitigate the risks of induced seismicity, Centennial’s planning processes for
drilling, completion, production and water disposal and injection operations incorporate the
use of various technical data, including 3D seismic surveys and other geologic data compiled
by government agencies including United States Geological Survey and TexNet. We believe
the areas in which we operate pose low induced seismicity risks. However, as a prudent
operator, we incorporate subsurface seismicity risk assessment as a standard part of our
operational planning, and we ensure that all regulatory requirements necessary to permit and
operate our disposal wells are met or exceeded. As part of a continuing effort to develop our
scientific knowledge and skills, we participate in seismic workgroups composed of our
Delaware Basin industry peers and organized by trade associations, and we have voluntarily
agreed to adhere to shared practices developed by those workgroups for injection and
disposalactivities.Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 28

Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 29
Spill Management and Prevention
Spill management and prevention is a high
priority for Centennial. Our HSEMS program sets
forth the responsibilities, policies and
procedures to follow for avoiding, or
responding to and mitigating any active spill
events. We also adhere to applicable local,
state and federal regulations when addressing,
reporting and remediating spill events resulting
from our operations.
We ensure that all employees and direct
contractors are adequately trained and aware
of their individual responsibilities in connection
with spill prevention, reporting and remediation
activities. Our team focuses on prevention
through design and regular maintenance, and
we make every effort to inspect our facilities
daily and look for signs of fatigue, corrosion or
otherwise impacted equipment. When a spill
event occurs, regardless of the magnitude, we
prepare and deliver internal reports according
to Centennial policy, in addition to external
reports to state agencies as required by
applicable law and regulation. This is followed
by a Centennial incident investigation to
determine the root cause of the incident and
identify any failure so that we may prevent
similar occurrencesin the future.
All newly constructed production facilities are
equipped with a walled and lined spill
prevention structure to prevent liquids from
reaching the earth. Our tank facilities and flare
scrubbers are equipped with high level sensing
alarms, which notify our field operators when a
vessel approaches overflow status. Should this
occur, our operators respond quickly to
mitigate the issue and return the facility to
normal operating conditions. Where feasible,
we retrofit our older facilities with updated
technologies to ensure maximum protection
and continually look for new technologies that
will advanceour spill prevention efforts.67149226172452562
2018 2019 2020Oil Spill Volumes (Bbls)
Unrecovered Recovered
0.001%0.002%0.003%
2018 2019 2020Oil Spill Rate
Corporate Sustainability | Environment | Page 30
We report and track every spill volume in our
Incident Management System which is designed
to help identify the sources of spills. The system
has contributed to significantly reduced spilled
water volumes since 2018, even as the amount
of produced water increased during that time.
None of our spills during 2018 through 2020
impacted any bodies of water. Effectively
managing spilled oil and water is a company
priority, and our compensation is directly tied to
maintaining spill rates below specificthresholds.
Centennial’s response to spills has reduced our
overall environmental impact. Although we
would prefer to avoid all spills, we have been
largely successful in our Spill Prevention, Control
and Countermeasure plans and the associated
rapid deployment of personnel and equipment
to effectively capture standing fluids before they
absorbinto the soil.
Our Waste Management Program ensures that
we responsibly handle and dispose of wastes
arising from our operations, such as drill cuttings,
produced water, equipment impacted by
Naturally Occurring Radioactive Material and
contaminated soils resulting from spills and
remediation activities. Though sometimes
permitted, Centennial attempts to avoid
transporting materials to offsite landfills when
feasible. We comply with applicable
environmental law and regulation pertaining to
the prevention, handling and disposal of any
hazardous and other wastes associated with our
operations. Our field employees and contractors
are trained in Hazard Assessment and
Communication and the use of Safety Data
Sheets (“SDS”). Additionally, they have real time
access to the proper SDS information and utilize
the SDS to identify spilled chemicals in order to
determine the appropriate cleanup and
disposal method in accordance with current
regulationsand the requisiteSDS information.1,1632,0875,45011,774
9,9289,711
2018 2019 2020Water Spill Volumes (Bbls)
Unrecovered Recovered
0.020%
0.012%0.014%
2018 2019 2020Water Spill Rate
Health & Safety Corporate Sustainability | Health & Safety | Page 31
Overview
The primary goal of our health, safety and environmental (“HS&E”) team is to partner
with our operational teams in a collaborative effort to educate, coach, guide,
innovate and encourage growth and development regarding HS&E matters. We
believe that we can never stop driving the message of safety, responsibility and
accountability. The effectiveness of Centennial’s health and safety initiatives is a
product of a joint effort requiring training, contribution, ownership and commitment
from all of our employees and contractors. Centennial promotes and is committed to
a safe and healthy working environment with a focus on protecting our employees,
contractors, the public and the environment. We identify operational risks, develop
measured risk mitigation plans, use innovation and technology to our advantage and
operate in a manner to minimize health and safety risks. Our HS&E professionals
provide expertise, training and support to our operations. The team also supports and
adopts best management practices, utilizes the best available technology and
continually strives for excellence, professionalism and constant improvement in
everything we do. While operational excellence, safety and execution are
foundational Centennial values,we also do this becausewe care.
Our senior leadership team considers HS&E a core value at Centennial. Safety and
environmental performance and practices, including identifying trends and
comparisons within the industry, are reviewed by Centennial’s senior management
team regularly throughout the year and with the Board of Directors at least annually.
Key HS&E performance indicators are also considered by our Board’s Compensation
Committee when making compensation decisions.
Environmental, Health and Safety Performance
Since our founding in 2016, Centennial has excelled in HS&E performance,
maintaining zero employee recordable incidents due to illnesses or injuries at the
workplace. This success is due largely to the commitment of our employees and their
focus on safety and health. We believe that we are among the best in the industry
regarding our Total Recordable Incident Rate (“TRIR”), Lost Time Incident Rate (“LTIR”)
and Near Miss Frequency Rate. In addition to these metrics, we focus on more real-
time data, such as Near Misses, High Potential Incidents (“HPI”), Stop Work Actions and
Observations. These leading indicators often signal the effectiveness of a Health and
Safety Management System. While we investigate all health and safety incidents, in
cases of recordable injuries, Near Misses and HPI events, we conduct a Root Cause
Analysis focused on determining the outlying risks, missed opportunities and ultimately
the primary cause of the incident. This analysis is conducted jointly by our HS&E and
operations teams and is primarily intended to prevent future incidents. During this process,
corrective actions are identified and assigned for completion by appropriate personnel.
Lessons learned are shared with other groups within our organization as well as our
contractorsduringquarterlycontractor safety meetings.
We track our incident statistics weekly and report these to senior management. We also
generate annual reports in accordance with Occupational Safety and Health Administration
(“OSHA”) requirements and measure our statistics and performance against our industry
peers.Our team sets realisticimprovementtargets focusedon zeroinjuriesor incidents.Corporate Sustainability | Health & Safety | Page 32
Emergency Preparedness 
and Response
Health, Safety & Environmental 
Management Systems
Centennial has developed a
comprehensive Health, Safety and
Environmental Management System
(“HSEMS”) in accordance with industry
best practices, including those
established by the American Petroleum
Institute (API) and the International
Standards Organization (ISO). The
individual programs within this system
are designed and implemented to
identify risks, assess probabilities, apply
mitigation strategies and prevent
incidents. The core focus is keeping our
employees and contractorssafe.Key Safety and Environmental 
Programs include:
•Environmental Management
•Risk Management
•Respiratory Protection
•Hazard Communication
•Emergency Response Management
•Infectious Disease Management
•Hearing Conservation
•Incident Management
•Job Safety Analysis Program
•Personal Protective Equipment 
Management
•Stop Work Authority
•Contractor ManagementIncident Rates: 2018 2019 2020
TRIR (Centennial Employees) 0.00 0.00 0.00
TRIR (Centennial Employees & Contractors) 0.47 0.53 0.50
LTIR (Centennial Employees) 0.00 0.00 0.00
LTIR (Centennial Employees & Contractors) 0.09 0.09 0.30
In addition to the programs detailed on the previous page, Centennial has adopted our Life
Saving Rules Programs, which are consistent with those promulgated by the International
Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP). These are an essential part of our safety
initiatives,also designedto protect our employees and contractors,and include:
•BypassingCritical Safety Controls Management
•EnergyIsolation Management
•Hot Work Management
•Confined SpaceManagement
•Mechanical Lifting Management
•Ground DisturbanceManagement
•Walking / Working Surfaces& Working from Height Management
•Hydrogen Sulfide Safety Management
As part of our field training requirements, we educate our employees and contractors
regarding safe work practices, hazard identification and mitigation strategies, all of which are
aimed at incident prevention and response. Centennial utilizes specific tools to assist our field
operations personnel while performing daily tasks. In a dynamic work environment, tasks
change frequently, and these tools focus on risk analysis, hazard identification, mitigation and
utilizing the proper strategy to either eliminate the hazard or reduce the overall risk to a
manageablelevel. Below are some of the key tools we utilize at Centennial:
BE AWARE. The BE AWARE tool highlights various potential hazards associated with our oil and
gas operations and is designed to help our employees and contractors (i) identify hazards, (ii)
assess the risk tolerance and (iii) identify the proper control mechanism to utilize to make the
job safe.This tool can be usedfor safety and environmental decision-making.
Safe-Start. Safe-Start focuses on the mental acuity of our employees and contractors and is a
program designed to identify different mental states and mistakes that personnel make which
can lead to incidents. This tool assists employees and contractors in recognizing various
hazardsand providinga level of awarenessthat leads to incident and injuryprevention.Corporate Sustainability | Health & Safety | Page 33

Corporate Sustainability | Health & Safety | Page 34
Emergency Response
Centennial utilizes a systematic approach in accordance with our Emergency Response Plans
to react appropriately to potential emergency situations. For potential operational upsets,
well control incidents, spills and injuries, we have an emergency response plan tailored to
address and respond to the situation. Through our planning framework and guidelines, our
emergency response teams (“ERT”) and incident management teams (“IMT”) are properly
trained and prepared to respond safely and efficiently to manage potential emergencies
which could impact our operations, the surrounding public and/or the environment.
Centennial has identified specific resources which can quickly respond to mitigate any
incident resulting in an unplanned release or event that could endanger public safety or the
environment. Our ERT, IMT and selected contractors receive annual emergency response
training to ensure that we remain on the leading edge of response preparedness and can
manage a wide varietyof emergencysituations.
Environmental, Health and Safety Training
Centennial employees and certain contractors are required to take numerous safety and
environmental training programs on an annual basis in order to ensure a safe operating
environment. These programs assist our employees and contractors in recognizing unsafe
working conditions and hazards, taking appropriate steps to mitigate hazards in the field and
responding appropriately in emergency situations. Centennial utilizes a multi-pronged
approach to our HS&E training. Our office and field level employees complete a training
matrix comprised of numerous computer-based training (CBT) modules. We also conduct
monthly safety meetings on relevant HS&E topics. In 2020, our field employees and selected
contractors each received 40+ hours of training on a range of subjects including hazard
communication, emergency response, hazardous materials, energy isolation, hot work,
confined space, hydrogen sulfide awareness and respiratory protection. Our core training
matrix consists of 29 annual OSHA training courses, along with monthly safety trainings on
specificfield-relatedsubjects.
Corporate Sustainability | Health & Safety | Page 35
Response to COVID-19
The COVID-19 virus has had a significant impact on the oil and gas industry. Centennial
quickly recognized the potential impacts of the virus and swiftly reacted to the pandemic in
order to keep our employees and their families safe. Utilizing our Emergency Response and
Preparedness Plan, we developed a response specifically aimed at preventing the spread as
well protecting our employees and contractors. We adopted and followed federal, state and
local guidelines and incorporated these into our operating philosophy. Our response actions
includedthe following:
•Established firm policies and procedures aimed at stopping and/or preventing the spread
of the virus,while protectingour employeesand contractors
•Procured KN-95 masks for our employees and direct contractors under an Emergency Use
Authorization (EUA)
•Conducted Qualitative FIT tests to ensure proper mask fitting on all employees and direct
contractorsin accordancewith our RespiratoryProtection Program
•Required wearing the KN-95 masks while conducting work in common office spaces and
duringin-personmeetings
•Established alternating work schedules and allowed remote work for office employees and
directcontractors
•Required the completion of daily health screenings for all employees and contractors who
utilize Centennial office spaces
•Communicated the associated health hazards of the virus via specific trainings for all
employees
•Communicated clear and concise expectations to our contract service providers and
establishedreportingresponsibilities
•Implemented self-quarantining for any employees or contractors with signs or symptoms of
COVID-19(regardlessof whether suchperson has been confirmedto be infected)
•Imposed social distancing requirements on work sites and at our offices in accordance with
the guidelines released by the Center for Disease Control (“CDC”) as well as local and
state authorities
•Worked quickly to identify and remove suspected positive cases from our work
environment, conducted non-invasive contract tracing and out of an abundance of
caution, required employees or contractors who were potentially exposed, whether
directly or indirectly, to quarantine while working from home in accordance with CDC
guidelines
•Communicated effectively with employees when a case was confirmed, whether work
relatedor not, and advisedon precautionsto take in the future
To date, we have not had any cases associated with the virus that were deemed work
related, and we have not experienced any operational disruptions (including disruptions from
our suppliersand serviceproviders)as a resultof the COVID-19outbreak.
SocialCorporate Sustainability | Social | Page 36
Human Capital
The employees of Centennial are our most
valuable asset. They are the basis of our
success and keep our operations running, even
amidst a global pandemic. As of December
31, 2020, the Company employed
approximately 151 team members based in
three states, Colorado (57%), Texas (40%) and
New Mexico (3%). We are dedicated to our
employees and focus on attracting,
developing and retaining top-tier talent, while
promoting a diverse and inclusive workforce.
We strive to offer a work environment which
promotes creativity, so we can continue to be
innovators within our industry. We rely on our
employees’ passion and technical acumen to
drive results in a team-based, collaborative and
enjoyable work environment.
In order to cultivate an exceptional company
culture, Centennial continually monitors
employee satisfaction and solicits employee
feedback. We conduct annual surveys to
gauge employee satisfaction and facilitate an
open discussion to understand the
effectiveness of our employee programs. These
surveys are designed to provide employees an
avenue to submit anonymous and candid
feedback to our officers, managers and other
leaders on their management skills, corporate
culture, communication and transparency,
allowing Centennial to construct plans for
further improvement and refinement. We care
deeply about our employees’ feedback and
review these survey results with our
management team, as well as with members of
our Board. We believe that our positive
company culture is supported by our low
voluntary turnover rate, which has declined
over the past three years.8%
7%
5%
2018 2019 2020Employee Voluntary 
Turnover10%
48%23%14%4%1%Average Employee Age
20-29 30-39 40-49
50-59 60-69 70+
Training and Development
In order to retain and attract the best talent, Centennial recognizes it must invest substantially
in every employee. We offer a wide array of programs and opportunities to help our
employees grow. Our managers coach employees and engage in frequent discussions to
promote personal development. We provide annual employee reviews and follow-up
frequently to ensure employees have all the tools necessary to succeed professionally, both
inside and outside of Centennial. In addition, we provide coaching and personalized
developmentplans to further enhance our employees’leadershipskills.
We encourage our employees to participate in a variety of educational and personal
development courses, many offered by Centennial and some by third-party professionals. A
sample of recentdevelopment coursesoffered by Centennial include:
•2020 Change Management Series: Providing resources and educational materials to
supportemployees in navigatingadversechangesto their professionaland personallives
•Creating a Culture of Feedback: Fostering an environment where feedback is practiced
and celebratedat all levelsof the organization
•Delegation 101: Providing leaders with the tools to effectively manage work on their teams
and developindividual contributors
•DISC Communication Training: A model to develop effective communicators within the
organization
•EffectiveInterviewing: To effectivelyrecruitthe industry’stop talent for our organization
•Employment Law 101: Ensuring our leaders are prepared for the complexities of today’s
work environment
•Franklin Covey Solutions: includes 5 Steps to Extraordinary Productivity, Leading at the
Speedof Trust,Multipliers,Project Management and The 7 Habitsof Highly EffectivePeople
•Microsoft Suite Training: Providing practical trainingfor everydayapplications
•Power Presentations: To support technical teams in refining and showcasing their
knowledge and contributions
Centennial maintains an Educational Assistance Program that is designed to encourage and
support an employee’s decision to continue his or her education. Under this program,
employees may be reimbursed up to $10,000 and $15,000 per year for qualifying
undergraduateand graduateprograms,respectively.Corporate Sustainability | Social | Page 37
Corporate Sustainability | Social | Page 38
Diversity and Inclusion
We believe employees with different
backgrounds, experiences, interests and skillsets
drive superior results. As a result, we are
committed to diversity and inclusion throughout
our organization, including within our hiring,
promotinganddevelopmentof employees.
As of December 31, 2020, approximately 38% of
our employees identified as female and
approximately 24% of our employees identified as
non-white. Among our supervisors and managers,
approximately 34% identified as females, and
approximately 11% identified as ethnic minorities.
Centennial is committed to continuing our efforts
to recruit and develop a diverse workforce to
ensure we remainan employerof choice.
In support of this commitment, in 2020 Centennial
established a Diversity and Inclusion (“D&I”)
Committee and D&I training program, which is
required for all employees. Our D&I training
focuses on identifying biases inherent in every
individual, recognizing these biases and
modifying those that may be limiting or damaging
to others. In addition, we encourage our
employees to spend time cultivating connections
with one another by acknowledging our
similarities while welcoming our different
perspectives. Thus far, we are extremely pleased
with the feedback that we have received
regarding our D&I initiatives and will continue to
build upon them in the future.
At the Board level, the Nominating,
Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee charter explicitly states the Board’s
commitment to considering candidates for the
Board regardless of gender, race, ethnicity and
national origin, as well as its policy of requesting
any search firm it retains to present a diverse pool
of candidates, including qualified women and
minoritycandidates.76%20%2%1%1%Racial Diversity
White Hispanic or Latino
Black or African American Asian
Two or More Races
2%9%11%19%25% 24%
2018 2019 2020Ethnic Minority Employees 
& Managers
Minority Supervisors & Managers
Minority Employees
29%34% 34%43%41%38%
2018 2019 2020Female Employees & 
Managers
Female Supervisors & Managers
Female Employees
Corporate Sustainability | Social | Page 39
Benefits
Centennial provides a comprehensive
benefits package designed to meet the
needs of our employees and their families.
We believe a competitive compensation and
benefits package helps our employees
remain healthy, provide mental well-being
and achieve their financial and retirement
goals.
Centennial offers its employees multiple
medical plan options to choose from, while
also providing dental, vision, flexible spending
accounts, health savings accounts, short and
long-term disability benefits, and life and
accident insurance. Centennial also offers
specialty benefits including fully paid
maternity leave for twelve weeks, two weeks
of fully paid paternity leave and
reimbursement of up to $10,000 for qualified
adoption-related expenses. We also ensure
benefits remain affordable for all employees;
therefore, Centennial pays the vast majority of
premiums associated with our health plans.
Our commitment to these areas is evidenced
by our most recent employee survey, in which
93% of employees indicated that they were
pleased with the benefits offered.
Centennial consistently monitors market
compensation and benefits in order to recruit
and retain the best talent. We benchmark
our employees’ salaries against peer survey
data and conduct a detailed pay analysis
each year to ensure our compensation is
competitive with industry peers and to ensure
gender equity. In addition, all employees are
eligible for an annual bonus that is
determined by both individual and company
performance. Centennial also provides a
generous 401(k) matching program and an
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which
allow our employees to save and invest for
the future in a materialway.An enjoyable and flexible work environment
has been a hallmark of Centennial since its
inception. Several years ago, Centennial
formally adopted a modified 9/80 schedule
for its corporate employees, further ensuring
employees are able to balance their work
and personal commitments.
The COVID-19 pandemic has led to unique
challenges, and we are determined to ensure
the health, safety and mental well-being of all
our employees. As a result of the pandemic,
we implemented a remote work policy in
early 2020 for office-based employees in
order to keep our employees and their
families safe. We anticipate that future
remote work arrangements modeled in a
variety of fashions tailored to individual
employees’ needs will continue. We also
encouraged the use of our confidential
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) services
in addition to mental health benefits offered
by our medical provider. While our traditional
employee events were put on hold during
2020, Centennial’s Culture Committee hosted
a variety of virtual events to help our
employees feel connected during these
difficulttimes.
We believe these various plans, programs and
events all positively contribute to our
employees’ well-being, and we continue to
look for ways to best support each and every
one of our employees.

Charitable Giving
Centennial is dedicated to making a positive impact on the
communities in which we live and work. Employees donate their
time to a wide range of charities and community organizations
and activities, such as food, school supply and toy drives as well
as other local events. In addition, in 2018 Centennial officially
launched a charitable giving program which provides donations
to non-profitorganizationswhichserve our communities.
Building on its corporate volunteering efforts, in April 2019
Centennial hosted its inaugural Day of Service, providing the
opportunity for all employees to give back to their communities.
Employees of our Denver, Midland and Pecos offices spent time
performingthe followingactivities:
•Donated food and stocked pantry items for Metro Caring
and the SantaRosa Food Bank
•Assembled activity kits for nearly 2,500 students at RAFT
Colorado
•Supported Denver Parks & Recreation by planting ten trees
at HallackPark
•Served warmmealsat the MidlandSoup Kitchen
In 2020, we modified our in-person volunteer events due to the
global health pandemic and recommended social distancing
guidelines. As a result, we adjusted our Day of Service and held
a month-long virtual Health and Service event in which our
employee teams participated in numerous events to raise money
for Metro Caring, LyftUp, Midland Fair Haven and the Santa Rosa
Food Bank.Corporate Sustainability | Social | Page 40

Corporate Sustainability | Social | Page 41
Additionally, in 2020 the Company
made year-end contributions to
Clothes to Kids Denver, The
Permian Strategic Partnership, The
Pecos Senior Center and The Boys
and Girls Club of Hobbs, as well as
other contributions to a variety of
charitable organizations in the
areas in whichwe operate.
Other examples of recent
charitable contributions and
volunteer efforts by the Company
and our employees include:
•Built and donated 25 bicycles to Project reCYCLE, which provides bicycles to eager students
in the Dream Bike Schoolsprogram
•Participated in the Reeves County American Cancer Society Relay for Life, a cancer walk
which helps fund and conduct research by sharing expert information, supporting patients
and spreading the word aboutcancerprevention
•Contributed to the Chris Davidson Opportunity Park, which is adjacent to the Bush Tennis
Center in Midland, Texas and provides children of all ages a place to gather, socialize and
play
•Sponsored the Ward County Stock Show, which is supported by Texas A&M AgriLife and
provides programs, tools and resources that teach people how to improve agriculture and
foodproduction,advance healthpractices and enrichyouth
•Contributed to the Bill & Gail Engvall’s Pumpjack Paradise event benefiting the Midland
Children’s Rehabilitation Center, which provides neurological and orthopedic therapy
regardless of a family’sabilityto pay
•Sponsored the West of Pecos Rodeo Scholarship, benefiting Pecos High School students and
families
•Contributed to the Wine, Women and Shoes event benefiting the Midland Rape Crisis and
Children’s Advocacy Center, whose mission is to ease and heal the emotional trauma of
victims and families, guide the victim through medical and legal systems, provide support for
makinginformed decisions and advocatefor victims’needs
•Sponsored the Annual Luncheon for the Women’s Foundation Colorado, which maximizes
opportunitiesfor all womento haveaccess to education,job trainingand career placement
•Contributed to the East Texas Oil Museum to assist in their educational outreach efforts and
programssupportingregional grade schools

Governance & EthicsCorporate Sustainability | Governance & Ethics | Page 42
Overall Governance
Centennial has designed and implemented strong governance practices which are
intended to broaden and deepen board and management’s accountability,
transparency and communication to the Company’s stakeholders, including its
shareholders, to strengthen our risk oversight and management practices, and to
developthe Company’s long-term strategies.
Board of Directors
Centennial’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) is comprised of nine directors. Five of
our nine directors are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and the rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and one of our directors is
female. Our Chief Executive Officer serves on the Board as a non-independent
director. As of December 31, 2020, the average age of our Board members was 57,
and the average tenure of the Company’s directors was approximately three years.
Our directors are divided into three equal classes, and each of our directors is
electedeverythree years undera majority vote standard.
Following the retirement of our former Chairman and CEO in March 2020, the Board
separated the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Currently, Steven
Shapiro holds our Chairman of the Board position and also serves as an Independent
Director. The independent directors regularly meet in executive session, led by the
independentChairman of the Board.
4
5Director Independence
Non-Independent Independent1
8Gender Diversity of Directors
Female Male
Centennial’s Board currently has three
Committees (Audit, Compensation and
Nominating, Environmental, Social and
Governance), each of which is comprised
entirely of independent directors.
Centennial’s Audit Committee is responsible
for monitoring and overseeing our financial
reporting, auditing and accounting policies
and practices, and for monitoring legal and
regulatory compliance risk matters and
internal control risks. The principal functions of
the Committee are listed in the Committee’s
charter which is posted on the Investor
Relations portion of our website at
www.cdevinc.com.
The principal functions of our Compensation
Committee are also identified in the
Committee’s charter posted on our website,
and include overseeing and administering our
executive compensation policies, plans and
practices, assessing the impact of such
policies, plans and practices on Company risk
and risk management, and reviewing and
approving the compensation of the
Company’s non-executive officers and other
employees. The Compensation Committee
solicits input and advice from an independent
compensation consultant in carrying out its
responsibilities.
Our Nominating, Environmental, Social and
Governance Committee assists the Board in
identifying individuals qualified to become
members of the Board and is responsible for
monitoring the independence of Board
members, overseeing and approving plans for
Chief Executive Officer succession,
recommending to the Board corporate
governance principles and practices and
overseeing annual performance evaluations
of the Board and its Committees. Other
functions of the Committee may be found in
its charterposted on our website.As part of Centennial’s evolving commitment
to ESG excellence, in November 2020 the
Board amended the charter of the
Nominating, Environmental, Social and
Governance (“NESG”) Committee, previously
the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee, to include oversight of the
Company’s strategies, policies, controls and
systems relating to ESG matters in order to
comply with ESG-related laws and to assist the
Company in achieving its ESG goals and
objectives, as well as monitoring broader ESG
trends and developments, and to make
recommendations to the Board and
Company management on ESG matters. The
Committee assists the Board in evaluating
ESG-related risks to the execution of the
Company’s long-term strategic plans, as well
as in designing and implementing processes
to identify, manage and mitigate such risks. In
the spring of 2020, the Company formed a
multi-disciplinary management team, which
reports to the NESG Committee and senior
management, to assess and manage risks
related to ESG matters. The ESG team is
charged with generating ideas for
improvement in the Company’s ESG
performance, developing and
recommending strategies and tactics for
management of ESG risks, and measuring the
Company’s performance on various ESG
metrics.
Additionally, we recently amended the NESG
Committee’s charter to promote a more
diverse Board of Directors. The charter
requires the NESG Committee to consider
candidates for the Board irrespective of race,
gender, ethnicity and national origin and to
instruct any retained search firm to present a
diverse pool of director candidates, including
female and minority candidates for
consideration.Corporate Sustainability | Governance & Ethics | Page 43
Corporate Sustainability | Governance & Ethics | Page 44
Director Qualifications, Skills and Attributes
The members of the Board have a diversity of experience and a wide variety of backgrounds,
skills, qualifications and viewpoints that strengthen their ability to carry out their oversight role
on behalf of our stockholders. The below table highlights key qualifications, skills and attributes
that we believe are important to our business, including the number of our directors that
possess each. (A comprehensive matrix of our Board of Directors’ experience and
demographics can be found in the Appendix of this report.) Each of our directors has high
standards of personal and professional ethics, a proven track record of success and a deep
knowledge of the oil and gas industrygenerallyand the Company specifically.
Executive Compensation
Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, motivate, reward and retain
high caliber management with the skills and competencies that Centennial believes are
essential to its success and to align executive compensation with our short- and long-term
business objectives, business strategy and financial performance. As part of that program,
Centennial’s executive officers are eligible to receive annual bonuses based on the
achievement of operational, financial and strategic goals established by the Compensation
Committee. The Committee believes that setting specific performance goals helps establish
important performance benchmarks and educates executive management and other
employees in the Company’s top priorities. For bonuses awarded in 2021 for 2020
performance, the Compensation Committee included certain limited ESG-related
performance goals, including the formation of a management ESG team, electrification of
certain field facilities, mitigation of hydrogen sulfide issues, meeting certain safety standards
relating to injuries and lost time (Total Reportable Incident Rate) and meeting certain oil and
water spill standards. For bonuses to be awarded in 2022 for 2021 performance, the
Company and its Compensation Committee anticipate expanding the breadth, specificity
and rigor of ESG-related performance goals, including additional goals relating to flaring and
GHG emissions,human capital matters and community and social matters.0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9Strategic Planning / Risk ManagementPublic Company BoardMarketing / MidstreamInvestor RelationsGeology / Reservoir EngineeringFinance / Capital MarketsExecutive LeadershipESG OversightBusiness Development / M&AAccounting / Financial Oversight
Number of DirectorsDirector Qualifications, Skills and Attributes
Security, Human Rights and Community Relations
Centennial is committed to maintaining strong relationships with local communities and to
treating all people with dignity and respect, in all areas of our operations. Our local teams in
Midland and Pecos, Texas, and Hobbs, New Mexico, and our corporate team in Denver,
Colorado, work diligently to assess and address any local community impacts relating to our
operations, and engage with affected stakeholders in such communities, including local
government and regulatory authorities, to ensure we meaningfully respond to any issues and
concerns.
We are fortunate that all of our field operations and oil and gas reserves are on fee, state and
federal lands and none of our operations are on or affect tribal lands, indigenous peoples,
vulnerable communities or conflict areas. Accordingly, we have the good fortune of facing
few, if any, community-related risks and are able to avoid the possibility of meaningful
compensation or settlement payments, write-downs in the values of our oil and gas reserves
or regulatoryrisksassociatedwith operatingin such areasand communities.
Business Ethics
Centennial is committed to the highest business ethics in conducting our business and
complying with all applicable local, state and federal laws, rules and regulations. Our
corporate governance documents reflect our commitment to maintaining the trust and
confidence of shareholders, employees, customers, vendors and other stakeholders and
people with whom we do business, and to treating all such persons fairly and with respect.
The governance documents listed below, together with our Committee charters, provide the
frameworkfor such businessethics.
Please visit our website at www.cdevinc.comto viewthe following documents:
•Code of BusinessConduct and Ethics
•Policy for Accounting-RelatedComplaints
•Policy for RelatedPerson Transactions
•Corporate Governance Guidelines
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics communicates our expectations and standards
with respect to business conduct, as well as our ethical and legal responsibilities and
standards for directors, officers, employees and business partners. The Code is intended to
assist directors, officers and employees in recognizing, avoiding and resolving ethical issues
and covers a number of topics, including the standards of honest, ethical and fair conduct,
conflicts of interest, gifts and entertainment, use of Company assets, disclosure requirements,
compliance, reporting and accountability, insider information and trading, issues relating to
health, safety and the environment, confidentiality,anti-corruptionlaws and others.Corporate Sustainability | Governance & Ethics | Page 45
Corporate Sustainability | Governance & Ethics | Page 46
Accounting and Compliance 
Whistleblower Hotline
Our Board of Directors has adopted a Policy
for Accounting-Related Complaints to
encourage employees, independent
contractors, vendors, customers and
business partners to make us aware of any
practices, procedures or circumstances that
raise concerns about the integrity of our
accounting practices, internal accounting
controls or other accounting matters. Any
employee, independent contractor, vendor
or business partner may submit a concern
regarding accounting matters, suspected
violations of laws or our governance of other
compliance matters to our management
team through our Accounting and
Compliance Whistleblower Hotline, which
we review and investigate in coordination
with the Audit Committee of our Board of
Directors. We are committed to remaining in
compliance with all applicable laws, rules,
regulations, standards and policies,
including securities laws and regulations,
accounting standards, accounting controls
and audit practices.
Our Accounting and Compliance
Whistleblower Hotline can be accessed on
our website or by dialing (844) 418-4481. This
website and telephone number are hosted
by an independent third party to maintain
confidentiality and anonymity when
requested.
Operational Concerns Hotline
We also provide a general Operational
Concerns Hotline to enable our employees,
independent contractors, vendors,
customers and business partners to make us
aware of any concerns relating to our
operations, working environment, course of
dealing with contractors and other business
partners, employee relations, security andother operational matters. We are
committed to ensuring a safe, secure and
ethical workplace and complying with all
applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards
and policies relating to our operations. Our
Operational Concerns Hotline is a
convenient and confidential way to report
these concerns.
Our Operational Concerns Hotline can be
accessed on our website or by dialing (844)
778-5868. This website and telephone
number are hosted by an independent third
party to maintain confidentiality and
anonymity when requested.
Policy for Related Person Transactions
Our Related Person Transaction Policy
addresses the reporting, review and
approval or ratification by the Audit
Committee of transactions meeting certain
criteria or thresholds and involving directors
and nominees for director, executive
officers, shareholders owning more than 5%
of the Company’s shares, immediate family
members of the foregoing and other entities
owned or controlled by any of the
foregoing.
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are
intended to assist the Board in the exercise
of its responsibilities and to serve the interests
of the Company and its shareholders, and
address matters such as Board
independence, independent director
meetings, director qualification standards,
director orientation and education, director
responsibilities and compensation, Board
access to senior management and outside
advisors, director evaluation, director
resignation, Board meeting processes and
procedures, and succession planning
among others.
Corporate Sustainability | Governance & Ethics | Page 47
Cybersecurity
Centennial recognizes the need to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of
information that supports Centennial’s business activities which can impact our ability to
achieve our corporate goals and implement the Company’s strategies. We also recognize
that cybersecurity and information security practices will contribute to the sustainability of
Centennial as information and communication technologies will increasingly support the
Company’s sustainability activities. As a result, Centennial encourages a culture of security
awareness at all levels of our organization and has implemented a series of cybersecurity and
information security measures in order to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability
of such businessinformation.
Some examples of Centennial’s efforts to build a cybersecurity and information security
awareorganization include:
•Issuing regular reports on cybersecurity and information security efforts and risks to the
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors
•Emphasizing end user training. Our users, both employees and contractors, are required
to sign the Centennial Information Security Policy before system access is granted and
receive mandatory, annual security training. Users also participate in monthly, online
securitytraining and in phishing simulations.
•Utilization of a virtual private network when remote workers connect to the Company’s
network
•Developmentof a SecurityIncidentResponsePolicy to respond to cyberattacks
•Adhering to best practices, including password policy enforcement, multi-factor
authenticationand currentpatches and anti-virussoftware on desktopsand servers
•Conducting security assessments, including annual penetration tests, to identify high-risk
areasand take steps to manage,mitigate and prioritizeany such risks
•Regular vulnerabilityscanningby third party vendor
•Offsite storage of backupinformation
•Following guidance of the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Office of Compliance
Inspectionsand Examinations staff on bestcybersecuritypractices
In addition, Centennial is designing and plans to implement during 2021 a full Disaster
Recovery solution in order to minimize business impact in the event of an unplanned incident,
such as a natural disaster,power outage,cyberattackor other disruptiveevent.
Corporate Sustainability | Governance & Ethics | Page 48
Government Relations
Centennial operates in a highly regulated industry. Much
of our activity is guided by the laws, rules and policies
created, administered and enforced at many levels of
government including those at the local, state and
federal levels. Because these actions can meaningfully
affect our activities, Centennial’s Government Relations
Team continually monitors legislative and regulatory
bodies and seeks to understand and inform the
development of reasonable public policy affecting our
operations and industry, as well as to improve our ESG
performance. To do so, Centennial is a member of
several industry trade associations that represent the oil
and gas industry that encourage public policy, legislative and regulatory approaches that
promote responsible and reasonable operating environments for our company and our peers.
While Centennial does not sponsor or administer any Political Action Committees, we have
contributedto certain politicalcandidates in New Mexico.
Centennial is a member of the Texas Oil & Gas Association, New Mexico Oil & Gas Association,
Permian Basin Petroleum Association, Western Energy Alliance and the Independent Petroleum
Association of America. Each of these trade associations, coalitions or other organizations have
established committees to monitor policy, law, rulemaking and enforcement efforts, as well as
groups that focus on operational best practices, such as The Environmental Partnership and the
Texas Methane and Flaring Coalition. Centennial employees participate in these committees,
coalitions and other organizations, including those focused on reducing flaring and other
emissions, water reuse and safety issues, to provide expertise and experience, maintain up-to-
date knowledge of activities that may impact our company, and take appropriate action when
necessary. Additionally, we seek to build and cultivate strong relationships at various government
levels. This allows us to educate and inform policy makers and guide toward reasonable and
meaningful approachesto the lawsand regulationsgoverningour operationsand industry.
– CASE STUDY –
Partneringwith the Industry to ReduceEmissions
In November 2020, Centennial joined The Environmental Partnership, a voluntary industry coalition focused
on developing innovations in environmental best practices, particularly related to emission reductions,
developing new technologies, increasing reporting transparency and fostering collaboration. More than
seventy-five oil and gas companies participate in the Partnership which focuses on several sources of
industry-related air emissions, including leak detection and repair, pneumatic controls, and manual liquids
handling.
In conjunction with The Environmental Partnership, Centennial has been able to exchange technical
knowledge with industry peers and engage with stakeholders on environmental best practices and
emissions reduction strategies. Participation in the Partnership has meant joining an oil and gas industry
commitment to certain emissions reduction initiatives including repairing leaking equipment, monitoring
and altering onsite liquids handling processes, closing wellhead vents and installing no- or low-bleed
pneumatic controls.

Corporate Sustainability | Appendix | Page 49
Board Matrix
The table belowprovidesdetail on the Board of Directors’experienceand other information:
 Maire A. 
Baldwin  Karl E. 
Bandtel  Matthew 
G. Hyde  Pierre F. 
Lapeyre, Jr.  David M. 
Leuschen  Steven J. 
Shapiro  Sean R. 
Smith  Jeffrey H. 
Tepper  Robert 
M. Tichio 
Knowledge, Skills and Experience
Accounting / Financial 
Oversight      
Business Development / 
M&A      
ESG Oversight  
Executive Leadership    
Finance / Capital 
Markets     
Geology / Reservoir 
Engineering 
Investor Relations  
Marketing / Midstream    
Public Company Board     
Strategic Planning / Risk 
Management      
Other
Gender (male / female) F M M M M M M M M
Age in Years 55 54 65 58 69 69 48 55 43
Director Since 2016 2016 2018 2016 2016 2019 2020 2016 2016
Corporate Sustainability | Appendix | Page 50
Content Index to Reporting Standards
This Report was informed by key frameworks and reporting guidance to ensure disclosures are
objective and transparent. As described on page 10, Centennial conducted a materiality
assessment to determine the topics most significant to our business and stakeholders, which
included a comprehensive review of key ESG reporting frameworks, standards, and guidance
that are relevant to our industry and to public companies more broadly. Our choice of the
SASB materiality profile for independent oil and gas exploration and production companies
and select GRI Standards have guided our disclosure of the information in this Report and the
tables below reflect those topics and metrics deemed by to be relevant to our business, as
well as metrics for which we currently collect data and are therefore able to publicly disclose.
The disclosures provided in the following indices may be reported in part or in full against
each framework or standard, and do not indicate a level or adherence or comprehensive
reporting or disclosure of all the topics included in either framework. Centennial is committed
to the continued evolution of our sustainability reporting and practices and endeavors to
inform our stakeholdersof materialESG topics in a clear, transparentand measurableway.
Documents incorporatedby reference:
"SR" refersto this Corporate SustainabilityReport.
“Form 10-K” refersto our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December31, 2020.
“2021 Proxy Statement” refers to our Definitive Proxy Statement, which was filed with the SEC
on March 18, 2021.
Some disclosures may direct the reader to Centennial’s website for more detail or additional
materialsthat will satisfy the disclosureand can be found at www.cdevinc.com.

SASB Topic and 
Reporting ElementCode Accounting Metric / Activity Metric Location of Disclosure Page 
EM-EP-000.A Production VolumesSR - Data Tear Sheet: Net Production BOE
Form 10-K: Net Production7
12
EM-EP-000.B Number of offshore sites Not Applicable
EM-EP-000.C Number of terrestrial sitesSR - Data Tear Sheet
Form 10-K7
12
EM-EP-110a.1Gross global Scope 1 emissions; percentage 
methaneSR - Data Tear Sheet 7
EM-EP-110a.2Global Scope 1 emissions from: (1) flared 
hydrocarbons, (2) other combustion, (3) process 
emissions, (4) other vented emissionsSR - Data Tear Sheet 7
EM-EP-110a.3Discussion of long-term and short-term 
strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions,
emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of
performance against those targetsSR - Environment - Air Quality Management
Specific targets not disclosed15-20
-
Air Quality EM-EP-120a.1Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOx 
(Excluding N20), (2) SOx, (3) volatile organic 
compounds (VOC's), and (4) particulate matter (PM)SR - Data Tear Sheet (NOx)
SR - Environment - Air Quality Management (NOx)
Other emissions not disclosed7
17
-
EM-EP-140a.11) Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) total fresh water 
consumed, percentage of each in regions with High 
or Extremely High Baseline Water StressSR - Data Tear Sheet
SR - Environment - Water Management7
21
EM-EP-140a.2Volume of produced water and flowback 
generated; percentage (1) discharged, (2) injected, 
(3) recycled; hydrocarbon content in discharged 
waterSR - Data Tear Sheet
Hydrocarbon content in discharged water not 
disclosed7
-
EM-EP-140a.3Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for 
which there is public disclosure of all fracturing fluid 
chemicals used SR - Environment - Hydraulic Fracturing and Fluid 
Disclosure24
EM-EP-140a.4Percentage of hydraulic fracturing sites where 
ground or surface water quality deteriorated 
compared to a baselineNot Disclosed -
EM-EP-160a.1Description of environmental  management and 
policies and practices on active sitesSR - Environment 15-30
EM-EP-160a.2Number and aggregate of Hydrocarbon Spills, 
volume in Arctic, and volumes recovered SR - Data Tear Sheet
SR - Environment - Spill Management and 
Prevention
Metrics for volumes in the Artic are 
inapplicable to CDEV8
29
-
EM-EP-160a.3Percentage of (1) proved, and (2) probable 
reserves in or near sites with protected 
conservation status or endangered species habitatNot Disclosed -
EM-EP-210a.1Percentage of (1) proved, and (2) probable 
reserves in or near areas of conflictSR - Governance & Ethics - Security, Human 
Rights and Community Relations ( not applicable)45
EM-EP-210a.2Percentage of (1) proved, and (2) probable 
reserves in or near indigenous landSR - Governance & Ethics - Security, Human 
Rights and Community Relations ( not applicable)45
EM-EP-210a.3Discussion of practices with respect to human rights, 
indigenous rights and operation in areas of conflictSR - Governance & Ethics - Security, Human 
Rights and Community Relations 45Activity Metrics
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions
Water Management 
Biodiversity Impacts
Security and Human 
RightsSASB – Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Sustainability Accounting 
Standard (version 2018-10)Corporate Sustainability | Appendix | Page 51
SASB Topic and 
Reporting ElementCode Accounting Metric / Activity Metric Location of Disclosure Page 
EM-EP-210b.1Discussion of process to manage risks and 
opportunities associated with community rights and 
interestsSR - Environment - Land Stewardship and 
Biodiversity
SR - Governance & Ethics - Security, Human 
Rights and Community Relations 
SR - Government Relations25
45
48
EM-EP-210b.2 Number and duration of non-technical delays Not Disclosed -
EM-EP-320a.1(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality 
rate, (3) near miss frequency rate (NMFR), and (4) 
average hours of health, safety, and emergency 
response training for (a) full-time employees, (b) 
contract employees, and (c) short-service 
employeesSR - Data Tear Sheet
SR - Health and Safety - Overview; Health Safety 
and Environmental Performance; Emergency 
Preparedness; Environmental Health and Safety 
Training8
32-34
EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems used to integrate 
a culture of safety and emergency preparedness 
throughout the value chain and throughout the 
exploration and production lifecycleSR - Health and Safety 31 - 34
EM-EP-420a.1Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve levels to future 
price projection scenarios that account for a price 
on carbon emissionsNot Disclosed -
EM-EP-420a.2Estimated carbon dioxide emissions embedded in 
proved hydrocarbon reserves Not Disclosed -
EM-EP-420a.3Amount invested in renewable energy, revenue 
generated by renewable energy sales Not Applicable -
EM-EP-420a.4Discussion of how price and demand for 
hydrocarbons and/or climate regulation influence 
the capital expenditure strategy for exploration, 
acquisition, and development of assetsSR - Introduction - Climate Change
Form 10-K14
25, 36
EM-EP-510a.1 International transparency corruption Not Applicable -
EM-EP-510a.2 Description of corruption and bribery practicesSR - Government & Ethics - Business Ethics
Website - Code of Business Conduct and Ethics45 - 46
Management of the 
Legal & Regulatory 
EnvironmentEM-EP-530a.1Discussion of corporate positions related to 
government regulations and/or policy proposals 
that address environmental and social factors 
affecting the industrySR - Government & Ethics - Government
Relations48
EM-EP-540a.1Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary 
Containment (LOPC)  of greater consequence Tier 1Not Disclosed -
EM-EP-540a.2Description of management systems used to identify 
and mitigate catastrophic and tail-end risksNot Disclosed -Workforce Health 
and Safety
Business Ethics and 
Transparency
Critical Incident Risk 
Management Community Relations
Reserves Valuation 
and Capital 
ExpendituresSASB – Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Sustainability Accounting 
Standard (version 2018-10), continuedCorporate Sustainability | Appendix | Page 52
GRI Topic & Reporting Element Reporting Element Disclosure or Location of Disclosure Page
102-1: Name of organization Centennial Resource Development, Inc. -
102-2: Activities, brands, products, and 
servicesOil and gas exploration and production -
102-3: Location of headquarters Denver, Colorado, USA -
102-4: Location of operationsUnited States
SR - About Centennial -
10
102-5: Ownership and legal form Publicly traded company -
102-6: Markets served Form 10-K, Item 1 14-15
102-7: Scale of the organization Form 10-K, Item 1, Item 6 9-10, 12
102-8: Information on employees and other 
workersSR - Social 36-41
102-10: Significant changes to the organization 
and its supply chainForm 10-K, Item 1 9-15
102-13: Membership of associations SR - Government & Ethics - Government Relations 48
102-14: Statement from senior decision-maker SR - Letter from Our CEO 3
102-15: Key impacts, risks, and opportunitiesSR - Introduction - Board Management and Oversight 
SR - Governance & Ethics
Form 10-K, Item 1A12-13
42-47
25-39
102-16: Values, principles, standards, and 
norms of behaviorSR - Introduction
SR - Environment 
SR - Governance & Ethics - Business Ethics 
Website - Code of Business Conduct and Ethics3-6 
15
45-46
-
102-17: Mechanisms for advice and concerns 
about ethicsSR - Governance & Ethics - Business Ethics 
Website - Code of Business Conduct and Ethics45-46
-
102-18: Governance structureSR - Introduction - Board Management and Oversight 
SR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors12-13
42-43
102-19: Delegating authoritySR - Introduction - Board Management and Oversight 
SR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors12-13
42-43
102-20: Executive-level responsibility for 
economic, environmental, and social topicsSR - Introduction - Board Management and Oversight 
SR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors12-13
42-43
102-21: Consulting stakeholders on economic, 
environmental, and social topics.SR - About This Report
2021  Proxy Statement 10-11
20
102-22: Composition of the highest 
governance body and its committees SR - Introduction - Board Management and Oversight 
SR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors12-13
42-43
102-23: Chair of the highest governance body SR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors 42-43
102-24: Nominating and Selecting the highest 
governance body 2021 Proxy Statement 8-9Organization Profile 
Strategy
Ethics and Integrity
GovernanceGRI Reporting Standards (2016)Corporate Sustainability | Appendix | Page 53
GRI Topic & Reporting Element Reporting Element Disclosure or Location of Disclosure Page
102-25: Conflicts of interest 2021 Proxy Statement 14-15, 17, 44-45
102-26: Role of highest governance body in 
setting purpose, values and strategySR - Introduction - Board Management and Oversight 
SR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors12-13
42-44
102-27: Collective knowledge of highest 
governance bodySR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors
SR - Appendix 44
49
102-28: Evaluating the highest governance 
body's performance 2021 Proxy Statement 20
102-29: Identifying and managing economic, 
environmental, and social impactsSR - Introduction - Board Management and Oversight 
SR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors12-13
42-44
102-31: Review of economic, environmental, 
and social topicsSR - Introduction - About This Report, Board 
Management and Oversight 
SR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors10-13
42-44
102-32: Highest governance body's role in 
sustainability reportingSR - Introduction - Board Management and Oversight 
SR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors
2021 Proxy Statement 12-13
43
18-19
102-35: Renumeration policies 2021 Proxy Statement 20, 24-42
102-36: Process for determining remuneration 2021 Proxy Statement 20, 24-35
102-37: Stakeholders' involvement in 
remuneration2021 Proxy Statement 20, 24-35
102-38: Annual total compensation ratio 2021 Proxy Statement 37-42
Employment and Labor 103: Management approach SR - Social - Human Capital 36
103: Management approach SR - Social - Training and Development 37
404-2: Programs for upgrading employee skills 
and transition assistance programsSR - Social - Training and Development 37
103: Management approach SR - Social - Diversity and Inclusion 36
405-1: Diversity of governance bodies and 
employeesSR - Social - Diversity and Inclusion
SR - Governance & Ethics - Board of Directors36
42
Public Policy 103: Management approach SR - Governance & Ethics - Government Relations 48Training and Education
Diversity, Equal Opportunity & 
Non-DiscriminationGovernanceGRI Reporting Standards (2016), continuedCorporate Sustainability | Appendix | Page 54
Forward Looking Statements and Disclosures
The information in this report includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical fact
included in this report, regarding our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated
revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are
forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words “could,” “believe,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “goal,” “plan,” “target” and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-
looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are
based on management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and are
based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. We
caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and
uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our
control, incident to the development, production, gathering and sale of oil and natural gas.
These risks include, but are not limited to, commodity price volatility, inflation, lack of
availability of drilling and production equipment and services, environmental risks, drilling and
other operating risks, regulatory changes, the uncertainty inherent in estimating reserves and
in projecting future rates of production, cash flow and access to capital, the timing of
development expenditures and the other risks described in our filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any
duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the
statements in this section, to reflectevents or circumstancesafter the date of this report.Corporate Sustainability | Appendix | Page 55