SUSTAINABILITY  
REPORT 2020
Overview
02 Our purpose
03 Group Chief Executive introduction04 Sustainability Committee Chair 2020 Statement05 Our business model06 2020 progressCONTENTSTHIS IS PERSIMMON’S 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020
This report details our sustainability progress and activity for the year ended 
31 December 2020 and sets out our commitments for 2021 and beyond. 
The report should be read together with our 2020 Annual Report and the Group Sustainability policy.  
We welcome your feedback on our Sustainability programme. If you would like to comment on our activity,  
the report itself or any of the issues we highlight, please get in touch: sustainability@persimmonhomes.com
Our plan
07 Global context08 Materiality assessment09 Sustainability strategy10 Alignment11 Reporting and management2020 review
12 Our year in review19 Our sustainability pillars24 Engaging with stakeholders26 Key Performance Indicators27 Climate change risks and opportunities27 Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD)
30 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
Disclosures
32 Independent Limited Assurance Statement34 Feedback, policies and past reports
DELIVERING HOMES 
FOR ALL
Annual Report 2020
The report should be read together  
with our 2020 Annual Report and  
the Group Sustainability policy  
 ww
w.persimmonhomes.com/corporate
01 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Overview 2020 review Our plan
STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTSOUR PURPOSE
We are one of the UK’s leading 
housebuilders with a clear purpose: 
To build good quality homes at a range of price points to meet 
the UK’s housing needs. We aim to create and protect superior  long term value for the benefit of our customers, workforce, suppliers, shareholders and wider stakeholders through the housing cycle.
See page 06 for Sustainability highlights
See our Annual Report for more information  
 w
ww.persimmonhomes.com/corporateSee more about our brands at  
www.persimmonhomes.com/corporate/about-us/our-brands
WE ARE PROVIDING HOMES AND SERVING 
OUR COMMUNITIES ACROSS THE UK
With 31 operating businesses, three housebuilding brands 
and three off-site manufacturing facilities providing homes and serving their local communities across the UK.
Broadband provider
 Off-site manufacturing
13,575
homes sold
(2019: 15,855)31
operating businesses 
across the UK5,156
employees
(2019: 5,097)
£230,534
average selling price
(2019: £215,709)Three
off-site manufacturing facilities c.86,000*
construction jobs supported
(2019: 99,500)
£783.8m
profit before tax
(2019: £1,040.8m)FibreNest 
high speed broadband service£3.33bn
revenue
(2019: £3.65bn)
c.£2m
donations to 900 charities through Persimmon Charitable Foundation
(2019: 99,500)*  Estimated using an economic toolkit which has been  
updated to reflect latest guidance.
02 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Overview Our plan 2020 review Our plan 2020 review
2020 has been a year of unprecedented 
change. Our priority has been to deliver for our customers while protecting their and our colleagues’ safety and wellbeing during the pandemic. I would like to thank employees for their continued hard work, determination and positivity during this challenging period.
We continue to support the communities in 
which we operate during the Coronavirus through our charitable giving. We set up a colleague volunteering programme for those able to give their time to help the NHS and local communities. In 2020, our Community Champions initiative donated c.£2m to local charities and community groups.
The pandemic has shown how crucial it is to 
identify and plan for future challenges. Indeed, that we need to act now to both mitigate the effects and adapt to the likely impacts. Sustainability is very similar. I want to ensure that we continue to embed sustainability in the business, with the right strategy in place to ensure we are ambitious, reflecting the material issues relevant to our business and society today.
This is why we are adopting science based 
carbon reduction targets in line with the Paris Agreement’s 1.5°C warming pledge. We are augmenting these targets with commitments to have zero carbon homes in use by 2030 and for our own operations to be zero carbon from 2040.This report details our progress for the year ended 31 December 2020 and sets out these and many other challenging targets for 2021 and beyond, divided into three key pillars:
 •B
uilding for tomorrow:  We will achieve 
net zero carbon homes in use and in our operations, supported by carbon reduction commitments, aligned to climate science.
 •S
afe and inclusive: We will positively 
transform communities directly connected to Persimmon’s activities.
 •T
ransforming communities: We will create 
a safe and inclusive culture focused on the wellbeing of our customers, communities and workforce.
The full list of our targets can  
be found on pages 19 to 23
I have recently set out sustainability as one of my five key priorities for the business to ensure we’re providing the best quality homes and service. I am determined that we aim to be Britain’s best housebuilder with homes that customers trust and value. Playing a leading role in the zero carbon transition and upholding the highest safety and sustainability standards is at the heart of this approach.
I am encouraged by the continued progress 
we have made against a challenging backdrop. However, we know we have more to do and our colleagues will be the key to our success in achieving the new commitments set out in this Sustainability Report.
Dean Finch
Group Chief ExecutiveGroup Chief Executive introduction
WELCOME TO PERSIMMON’S 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
“I want to ensure that we continue 
to embed sustainability in the business, 
with the right strategy in place to 
ensure we are ambitious, reflecting 
the material issues relevant to our 
business and society today.”
Overview
03 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review
I’m pleased to have been appointed as 
the Chair of Persimmon’s Sustainability 
Committee. In 2020, this Committee helped 
to drive important progress against the 
material issues our stakeholders care about.
My role as Chair was to challenge and 
support Persimmon to ensure we have 
the right strategy and activity in place 
to operate as a sustainable business.
Principle roles and 
responsibilities
The Committee is responsible for the 
Group’s overall sustainability strategy by 
overseeing the preparation of formal policies 
and commitments on all sustainability issues 
ensuring they are embedded across the Group. 
It is also responsible for communicating the 
strategy and its policies to key stakeholders.
Activities throughout the year
The Committee met three times in 2020 with 
the aim of establishing new and stretching 
sustainability commitments for 2021 and 
beyond as well as setting out effective 
governance and accountability for delivery.Key themes from 2020 Sustainability 
Committee meetings included:
 •Setting sustainability strategy and targets
 •Ensuring effective governance 
and accountability
 •Alignment to reporting standards 
and frameworks
 •Increasing communications
 •Setting science based carbon 
reduction targets.
I’m very pleased with the progress made during 
a challenging year, particularly the setting of 
science based targets, and believe the revised 
strategy set out in this report reflects the issues 
relevant to Persimmon and its stakeholders.
Operational responsibility
It’s important that our sustainability 
commitments are embedded into our 
operations and, in order to ensure this, 
the Committee has established key 
steering groups which will be chaired 
by senior operational directors in order 
to drive progress.
Progress from these steering groups are 
reported into the Sustainability Committee 
with frequent briefings or presentations 
when required on key issues.
Further details on sustainability governance  
at Persimmon can be found on page 11Increasing transparency
We continue to increase our reporting 
transparency on climate related risks 
and opportunities, aligned to the Task 
Force on Climate Related Financial 
Disclosures requirements.
For the first time, Persimmon will also 
be reporting against the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
housebuilding standard. 
Further details on Persimmon’s disclosure  
can be found on pages 27 to 31
Changes for 2021
Given the importance of this agenda at 
Board level, and the need to ensure continued 
integration of sustainability into business 
processes, we have agreed that going forward 
the Sustainability Committee will become an 
Executive Working Group, chaired by Dean 
Finch, Group Chief Executive, with regular 
updates to the full Board.
The Working Group will meet on a bi-monthly 
basis and will report into the Executive 
Committee. These meetings will monitor 
progress, address any challenges and 
ensure our strategy remains relevant.
Joanna Place
Non-Executive Director and Former Chair 
of the Sustainability Committee“It’s important that our 
sustainability commitments are 
embedded into operations.”PROGRESS THROUGH CLEAR 
GOVERNANCE AND COMMITMENT Sustainability Committee Chair 2020 statement Overview
04 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review
Identify areas of housing need
We have skilled Group and regional operational management and land 
planning and design teams who have a good knowledge of their local areas and understand where communities need more homes. Our teams work closely with local Government, land owners and their communities to identify and plan developments that best suit local needs. They identify areas that have good transport links, are close to local amenities and determine which mix of house types will best meet the needs of the local communities. 
Linkage to  
strategy
Disciplined land investment at the right time in the housing cycle
The Group has high quality land holdings providing it with continuity of supply of 
outlets, a geographically diverse network of upcoming and current developments and the flexibility to invest only when it is the right time in the cycle and when the investment meets the Group’s strict criteria. The Group prioritises strategic land investment – e.g. securing options over areas of land, having found that this secures a stronger return on investment.
Linkage to  
strategy
Design communities
The Group’s planning and design teams aim to design developments with 
open space and the right balance of house types to meet local communities’ needs. The Group has well designed core house types which provide a range of affordably priced homes meeting the lifestyle needs of our customers from first time buyers to larger family homes. Our newly built homes are on average 40% more energy efficient than existing housing stock meaning that our customers will generate lower carbon emissions and live more affordably in their new home.
Linkage to  
strategy
Material supplies, vertical integration and construction
Our Group Procurement department secures group deals for key material 
components. Each of our regional businesses have an experienced local buying team who utilise the Group deals and have the ability to secure deals with local suppliers where beneficial. The Group owns Space4 (a timber frame, wall panel and roof cassette manufacturing facility) and has built its own brickworks and tileworks facilities. This in-house manufacturing capability provides security of supply of key materials. The Persimmon Way, the Group wide consolidated approach to new home construction, is embedded within the business and making a real difference to improving build quality across the Group.
Linkage to  
strategy
Customer service
The Group has dedicated sales advisors and customer care teams to look after 
our customers throughout their home buying journey with us. We have invested significantly in increased training and improved communication for our customers and have seen marked progress in our eight-week customer survey score. 
Linkage to  
strategyTHE RESOURCES WE NEED WHAT WE DO
Design  
communities  
where people  
wish to live 
and workObtain  
planning  
permission
Provide 
excellent  
customer  
serviceExecute  
disciplined land 
investment at the 
right time in the 
market cycle
Procurement and 
site development THE SUSTAINABLE VALUE WE CREATE
Our business model delivers sustainable value for all our stakeholders.
New homes  
delivered
13,575
2,212 delivered to 
housing associationsInvesting in 
communities
c.£2.4bn
over the last  
six years‘Homes for all’  
c.17%
our private average selling 
price is c.17% lower than  
the UK national average*HBF  
score
89.7%
HBF survey – percentage 
of customers who would recommend Persimmon to a friend
Employment  
5,156
people directly employed  
on average in 2020Jobs  
supported**
c.86,000
construction and 
supply chain jobsFinancial  
strength
£3.5bn
balance sheet net assets at 31 December 2020Surplus capital  
returned to shareholders
£351m
in the year to 31 December 2020
*  National average selling price for newly built homes sourced from the UK House Price Index as calculated by the Offi ce for National Statistics from data provided by HM Land registry.
**
 Estimated using an economic toolkit.For more information read our Annual Report 2020  
online at www.persimmonhomes.com/corporate
High quality  
land holdingsA diverse and 
talented workforceA secure  
supply chain
Good relationships with our local communitiesGood relationships  
with local governmentFinancial  
strengthOur business model 
HOW WE CREATE SUSTAINABLE VALUE
The Group’s established strategy, implemented over many years, 
of minimising financial risks and deploying capital at the right time, recognises the cyclical nature of the housing industry and ensures the business is well placed to face periods of uncertainty.Overview
05 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review
* Estimated using an economic toolkit.
**
  W
e participate in a National New Homes Survey run by the HBF. The Survey year covers the period from 1 October to 30 September.  
The rating system is based on the number of customers who would recommend their builder to a friend.
***
 Homes provided to our housing association partners and Discounted Open Mark
et Value homes.41%
homes sold using Brickworks 
manufactured concrete bricks 
89.7%**
HBF customer satisfaction score
(2019: 83.7)
75%
homes built using Modern Methods of Construction with 31% of timber frames through Space4 manufacturing site
(2019: 82%)
2.16
tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions per home sold
(2019: 2.14) 
100,000+
trees planted on our developments 
£376m
investment in local  
communities
(2019: £522m) 
c.12,600  
employee training days 
(2019: 14,300)
£740,000
donated to over-70s  
community groups  
during COVID2,758*
new school places created
(2019: 2,514)
2,433***
affordable homes 
(2019: 3,589)
90%
timber purchased via Group deals was FSC/PEFC certified
86
average SAP rating  
of our homes
(2019: 84)
78%
sites with Sustainable Urban Drainage
(2019: 78%)80%
employee engagement score
96%
operational waste recycled 
(2019: 97%)Group wide consolidated  
approach to new home construction
635 acres*
public open spaces and  
gardens provided for families
(2019: 725)memberspartners
HIGHLIGHTS2020 progressOverview
06 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review
Coronavirus pandemic
The pandemic has had a detrimental impact 
on the global economy and society as a whole. It has exacerbated inequalities with higher mortality rates amongst those from disadvantaged backgrounds, rising unemployment, increase in poverty and mental health issues. The affects from coronavirus is likely to be seen for years to come. 
How we’re addressing these challenges
 •T
hroughout the pandemic, all colleagues 
have received full basic pay without 
Government support.
 •W
e are signatories to the Social Mobility 
Pledge and will continue to work to provide job opportunities and affordable housing throughout the UK.
 •M
ental wellbeing guidance and support 
provided to colleagues.
 •C
ommunity/charitable activity  
supporting the most vulnerable groups  
to the pandemic.Climate change
Climate change is already effecting the way 
we live today, we see this through severe weather patterns, rising sea levels and temperatures with 2020 being the warmest year on record. Climate change could impact our business in a number of ways including severe disruptions to the construction process, reduction in the life of a property, loss of property value and land availability. It is important that we take action within our operations and supply chains to reduce our own impact.
How we’re addressing these challenges
 •W
orked with the Carbon Trust to develop 
science based carbon reduction targets 
through our supply chain, operations and homes.
 •L
ow carbon demonstration project 
in development in York to understand how we can build low carbon homes cost effectively at scale.
 •C
ontinued investment in modern 
methods of construction through  our off-site manufacturing. 
 •C
ontinued to increase our transparency on 
climate related risks through Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosure.Inequality 
Globally, despite continued momentum and 
progression, full gender equality remains unreached. In 2019, 28% of managerial positions in the world were occupied by women, a small increase from 25% in 2000.
Recent events in both the USA and 
the UK have raised greater awareness of the continued inequalities amongst ethnic minorities.
We believe in the importance of engaging 
with and supporting all colleagues, removing any barriers to ensure we are a diverse and inclusive business, providing real opportunities for all. 
How we’re addressing these challenges 
 •W
e are signatories to the Social Mobility 
Pledge and will continue to work to 
provide real job opportunities and affordable housing through our housing association partners throughout the UK. 
Key commitments on gender diversity include that by the end of 2025 we aim for:
 •4
0% of our employees to be female. 
 •3
5% of our Executive Committee and 
direct reports to be female. 
 •4
5% of our employees in management 
roles to be female. 
 •I
n 2021, we have recruited a dedicated 
Director of Talent and Diversity to help achieve these targets.Global context
THE CHALLENGES WE ALL FACE
It is important that we recognise and 
respond to the global challenges that society faces. As a major housebuilder,  
we can play a key role in making positive change to address these issues within the communities we operate and within our supply chain. 
07 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 20202020 review Overview Our plan
FOCUSING ON WHAT MATTERS MOST
Material issues and how they affect us
1  C limate change action and resilience  
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions, energy 
use and ensuring resilience to the effects of climate change in the supply chain, business operations, customer homes and communities.
2   S trategy  
Ensuring the right business strategy is in place to ensure long term value for key stakeholders.
3  B uild quality and safety  
Building high quality homes that will last through generations.
4  Customer satisfaction  
E
nsuring customers are happy with the service 
and process of buying a Persimmon home.
5  H ealth and safety  
Protecting and promoting the safety of employees.
6  Governance  
I
mplementing policies and practices to ensure 
all stakeholder expectations are met, manage risks and opportunities at the highest level in the business.
7   H elping customers to live sustainably  
Making it easier for customers to make daily sustainable choices through the design of our homes.
8  S ocial value and enhancing communities  
Demonstrating how we create value in the communities where we build.
9    Talent attraction, diversity, development 
a
nd engagement  
Ensuring we attract and retain the best talent through policies and practices.
10    C yber security and protection 
Protecting Persimmon’s employees and customers’ data from cyber attacks and improper use.Our materiality matrix
Stakeholder concern
Financial impact to Persimmon (next 5 years)Build quality
and safety
Governance
Cyber security and protection
InnovationTaxationSustainabletransport
Homes for all
Air pollution
BiodiversityExecutive
remuneration
Employee wellbeing
Waste reduction and recyclingSocial value/enhancingcommunitiesHelping customers to live sustainablyResilient and
sustainable
supply chains
Employee
skills and
training
Talent, attraction, development, diversity and engagementCustomer
satisfaction
Strategy
Health and
safetyClimate change action & resilience
Operational
water consumptionHelping employees to live sustainably
ResponsibleadvertisingCommunity
engagement
and land
buyingHuman rights and
modern slavery
Charity and community
programmes
Labour
relationships with
our subcontractorsSocial inclusion
Buying greenﬁeld
and brownﬁeld land
Engaging young peopleExecutive
diversity
12
34
5
6
7
8 9
10We undertook a sustainability 
materiality assessment to help identify the key environmental, social and governance risks and opportunities for Persimmon, taking into account potential impact on the business and the current issues that matter most to our key stakeholder groups.Materiality assessment
08 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 20202020 review Overview Our plan
Cyber Security  
and protection Talent attraction,  
diversity,  
development & 
engagement
PURPOSEBuilding for tom
orrow
Transforming communitiesSafe and inclusive  
Build quality  
and safety
Social value 
and enhancing 
communitiesClimate change 
action and 
resilience
Strategy
Customer 
satisfactionHelping customers 
to live sustainablyGovernanceHealth & safety
Transforming  
communities
We will positively transform 
communities directly connected to Persimmon’s activities. Building  
for tomorrow
We will achieve net zero carbon homes in use and in our operations, supported by carbon reduction commitments, aligned to climate science.
Safe and  
inclusive
We will create a safe and inclusive culture focused on the wellbeing of our customers, communities and workforce.1
2
6
7 4835910
See pages 19 to 23 of our Annual Report for more  
information on our sustainability approachSustainability strategy
THREE KEY PILLARS 
We have identified three key pillars to drive our focus and performance. These pillars 
reflect our material issues and are aligned to the Group’s strategic objectives ensuring that sustainability is a core part of the Group’s ongoing operations.
09 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 20202020 review Overview Our plan
At Persimmon, we want to address global 
challenges in a meaningful way that is relevant and aligned to our business strategy.
The table below shows how Persimmon’s 
three key sustainability pillars, core focus areas and material issues aligns to 10 of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs).The UN SDGs universally apply to all and aim to end all forms of poverty, fight inequalities, and tackle climate change on a global scale by 2030. These Goals cannot be realised without participation from all sectors including business.
Building for tomorrow  Transforming communities Safe and inclusive
Our six core focus areas
Material issue alignment
1  C limate change action and resilience
2  Strategy
6  Governance
7  H elping customers to live sustainably4  Customer satisfaction
8  S ocial value and enhancing communities3  B uild quality and safety
5  H ealth and safety
9  T alent attraction, diversity, development and engagement
10  C yber security and protection
UN SDG alignmentOur core focus areas:
Supporting  
our customersCreating and supporting sustainable and inclusive communities
Investing in  our colleagues Continue to invest  in high quality land
Working safely,  responsibly and  efficientlyMaintaining financial  strength through the  housing cycle
Please read our Annual Report for more information on our  
core focus areas www.persimmonhomes.com/corporateUNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALSAlignment 
10 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 20202020 review Overview Our plan
The Sustainability Committee is responsible to the Board for the oversight of 
Sustainability policies and objectives. Eight steering groups feed into the Sustainability Committee, these steering groups are responsible for measuring progress against key targets and activity on relevant material issues as well as addressing related risks or challenges and ensuring sustainable processes are embedded into operations. Reporting and management  
OUR GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
Safe and inclusive
Material issues:  
9
Talent attraction, 
diversity, 
development and 
engagementMaterial issues:  
5
Health and safetyMaterial issues:  
3
Build quality  
and safetyHealth and  
Safety Steering 
GroupPeople  
Steering  
GroupPersimmon  
Way Steering 
GroupZero Carbon 
Homes Steering 
Group
Material issues:  
1
Climate change 
action and resilienceMaterial issues:  
1
Climate change 
action and resilienceMaterial issues:  
1
Climate change 
action and resilience
7
Helping customers 
to live sustainablySupply Chain 
Emission Steering 
GroupOperational 
Emission Steering 
Group
Material issues:  
8
Social value and  
enhancing communities
4
Customer satisfactionMaterial issues:  
8
Social value and  
enhancing communitiesCustomer and  
Communities Steering  
GroupSocial  
Value Steering  
GroupBuilding for tomorrow Transforming communitiesBoard of Directors
Sustainability Committee  
Frequency of meetings:  bi-monthlyInformation Technology/  
Cyber Security Steering Group
11 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 20202020 review Overview Our plan
Building for tomorrow
GB59
27-01-2021Germany Beck
SUSTAINABILITY IN ACTION
ENERGY EFFICIENT  
HOMES
The average Standard Assessment 
Procedure (SAP) rating of our new 
homes during 2020 was 86, which 
is more energy efficient than the 
existing housing stock which has  
an average SAP rating of c.60.
Our homes also contain a range  
of energy efficient features to promote 
sustainable living for our customers. 
These include LED lighting, double 
glazed A rated windows, many A 
rated or A+ rated appliances and 
combination boilers. 
In 2020, all ovens, integrated laundry, 
integrated refrigerators, integrated 
dishwashers and wine coolers 
purchased via our group deals 
had a minimum Energy Efficiency 
rating of A.86
average 
SAP rating100%
homes use 
LED lightingSETTING OUR PATHWAY  
TO NET ZERO
We have set two ambitious targets: to be net zero carbon in our 
operations by 2040 and to deliver net zero carbon homes in 
use by 2030. This will be achieved through a scale of emissions 
reductions consistent with pathways that limit warming to 1.5°C. 
These commitments are supported by science based carbon 
reduction targets to reduce operational Scope 1 and 2 absolute 
emissions by 46.2% and Scope 3 emissions by 22% per m2 by 2030. 
Further information on our carbon reduction targets  
can be found on page 19 of our Annual ReportZERO CARBON 
DEMONSTRATION 
PROJECT
We appointed consultants at The School of Built 
Environment, University of Salford, to monitor 
the true in-use carbon savings of our low carbon 
demonstration project in Germany Beck in York. 
The aim of this project is to understand how we 
can build low carbon solutions cost effectively 
at scale looking at impacts to the homeowner as 
well as potential additional processes and costs 
to the build process. 
The demonstration home has been designed 
using materials and systems that provide the best 
carbon saving for every £1 of construction costs. 
The home will be occupied by live-in tenants 
to monitor liveability of the home. We’re also 
including electric vehicle charging points in the 
home to understand further impacts on efficiency 
and energy demand.
The project is currently in build phase with 
estimated completion in late Summer 2021.Highlights:
Carbon Disclosure Project  
climate change score
B- 
(2019: C)Our carbon footprint
Purchased goods  
and services
Upstream transportation 
and distribution
Use of sold products
Operations1% 
48% 2% 49% 
£279m
£2,461m£390mReaching net zero carbon emissions for a company is achieved by reducing value chain  
greenhouse gas emissions, in line with 1.5°C pathways, and by balancing the impact of  
any remaining greenhouse gas emissions with an appropriate amount of carbon removals.Our year in review
12 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview 2020 review
Building for tomorrow continued
Our year in review continued
REDUCING OUR 
OPERATIONAL  
IMPACT
We continue to focus on reducing operational 
emissions across the Group. During the year, the greenhouse gas emissions per home sold was 2.16 tonnes (2019: 2.14).
60% of our operational greenhouse gas emissions 
are from red diesel used on our developments. A number of the Group’s owned JCB machines are fitted with a diagnostic reporting tool, which monitors the efficiency of each machine. These reports are reviewed on a routine basis as part of the Group’s regular monitoring of on-site costs and there has been some improvement in fuel consumption as a result.
Operational emissions 
Greenhouse  
gas emissions Unit 2020 2019
Scope 1 t CO 2e 25,886 30,797
Scope 2
Location basedMarket basedt CO
2e 3,480
1,6563,209
2,747
Energy consumption kWh 110,034,884  116,392,708
Carbon intensity  
(per home sold)Location based  
Market basedt CO
2e 
t CO 2e2.16
2.022.14
2.12
Total Location basedMarket basedt CO
2e
t CO 2e29,367
27,54334,006
33,543
See our carbon reporting methodology statement for further 
information at www.persimmonhomes.com/corporateSITE MANAGER TRAINING
We have included energy efficiency courses as part of our wider  
Site Manager Essentials training which included strategies to reduce fuel consumption at site for example by keeping machine idling time to a minimum, working at less than full throttle, avoiding excess  revving, using appropriate travel speeds when moving around  the development and reducing generator power to a minimum.  
The training also covers heating and lighting management on site.ENVIRONMENTAL 
CHAMPIONS
Regional site environmental champions are 
now in place to manage environmental related issues and processes whilst championing key sustainability initiatives. Each Environmental Champion has received IEMA Environmental Management in Construction training, which covers subjects such as environmental risk assessment, environmental regulation, and waste and resource efficiency.
RENEWABLE ENERGY
During 2020, 855 of our homes sold were also fitted with photovoltaics (PV) panels. The energy generated by PV panels reduces the amount of electricity drawn from the grid and in turn reduces the homeowner’s energy bills and greenhouse gas emissions.
13 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020
2020 reviewOur plan Overview
Building for tomorrow continued
Our year in review continued
RESPONSIBLE SOURCING  
OF TIMBERSUPPLY CHAIN  
ENGAGEMENT 
We are committed to responsible sourcing and look to use 
supply chain systems, which minimise the environmental impact associated with the production of key commodities such as timber. 
All buyers, surveyors, suppliers and subcontractors to Persimmon 
via group deals are required to purchase Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) or Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC) certified timber and timber derived materials for use in all of our operations. 
If FSC or PEFC certified timber and timber derived materials 
cannot be purchased, evidence must be provided that alternative materials are sourced from reputable and sustainable sources. 
As a minimum, all buyers, surveyors, suppliers and subcontractors 
must ensure compliance to any applicable laws and regulation in relation to the sourcing of timber and timber derived materials. 
In 2020, 90% of timber and timber based products via Group 
deals were from FSC or PEFC certified sources.
See our Space4 commitment on page 19The Group works with over 5,158 suppliers supporting c.49,000 jobs in its supply chain. Our regional offices engage with a large number of local subcontractors in the construction of our homes, supporting over 37,000 jobs on its sites*.
We became partners to the Supply Chain Sustainability School 
as part of our drive to engage our supply chain on sustainable sourcing. The School provides a learning and engagement platform to upskill people working within the built environment sector. Free online learning materials, seminars, workshops and other services are available to help assess and improve environmental, social and economic sustainability awareness on issues including waste reduction, resource use and human rights. 
The Group continued to support its suppliers with, for example, 
securing forward orders and prepaying for material deliveries strengthening our supply chain’s cash flows. The Group is also a signatory to the Prompt Payment Code.MODERN METHODS  
OF CONSTRUCTION 
Persimmon’ s off-site  
manufacturing facilities:
•5,300 timber frames and roof systems supplied
•35
m concrete bricks supplied
•2.
5m tiles supplied
We believe we are one of the leading UK housebuilders using 
Modern Methods of Construction (MMC). In 2020, 75% of the homes we built used a form of MMC. This included 36% of the homes we built using timber frames.
Our off-site manufacturing facilities consist of Space4, a timber 
manufacturing facility, Brickworks and Tileworks. We believe that this vertical integration is a key differentiator for the Group and we are committed to continuing to invest in these facilities. 
Our Space4 facility uses off-site manufacturing techniques to 
manufacture timber frames using PEFC certified timber, highly insulated wall panels and roof cassettes based on our standard core house types. In 2020, 31% of homes sold were built using Space4 timber frames.
Typically, 28% less carbon is produced in the manufacture of 
concrete bricks in comparison to clay, with a total lifetime carbon savings of 2.4 tonnes of CO
2 per house built*. In 2020, 41% of homes 
sold used concrete bricks from our Brickworks manufacturing site. 
The Group’s roof tile manufacturing plant commenced deliveries 
to site in early 2020, and has supplied approximately 2.5m tiles to 115 sites across the Group.
*  Estimated using an economic toolkit which has been 
updated to reflect latest Government guidance
.
* 
 Provided by Edenhall and Marshalls – based on calculations made from publicly available EPD and housebuilding data.
14 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview 2020 review
Transforming communities
Our year in review continued
2020 was the second year for 
the Foundation’s ‘Building Futures’ campaign which, in conjunction with Team GB, supports community projects that benefit young people across the UK in the areas of sports, education, arts and health. The campaign held a public vote to select 96 finalists from thousands of nominated charities. 
Finalists received a total of £945,000 
with the top three winners in each category receiving £100,000, £50,000 and £20,000 donations respectively. Beneficiaries included hospital charities, local sports groups,  
eco-activity centres and refugee sports groups. The remaining 87 finalists received a donation of £5,000 each. During 2020, Building Futures donated over £1m to c.135 local good causes.
HOME AFFORDABILITY
Affordable  
homes sold
2,433*
(2019: 3,589)17%**lower
average private selling price lower than the UK national average
(2019: 18%)
New homes sold  to first-time buyers
50%
(2019: 50%)Our 2020 eight-week customer satisfaction score from 
the HBF is 89.7% (2019: 83.7%), a four-star rating (the threshold for which is 80%). We are pleased with this progress and delighted with the increasing number of customers who would recommend us to a friend. 
The Group has a target to achieve and maintain a 
five-star rating year on year. 
The Group is also focused on improving the 
support it provides to its customers over the longer term and aims to continue to increase its score from the HBF customer satisfaction survey issued to new home owners after nine months of occupation.SUPPORTING OUR 
COMMUNITIESBUILDING FUTURES  
CAMPAIGNCUSTOMER SATISFACTION
We continued to support the communities 
most affected by Covid-19 through our charitable giving and activity. 
We set up an employee volunteering 
programme for those able to give their time to help the NHS and local communities. 
Our Community Champions initiative also 
supported those groups most affected by the pandemic, in particular the over-70s, with charitable donations over a six-month period.
In 2020, £740,000 was donated to local 
community groups and charities through the Community Champion initiative, with a total of c.£2m donated through Persimmon Charitable Foundation to c.900 charities and good causes across the UK. 
The Group also signed up to the Covid-19 
Business Pledge supporting colleagues, customers and communities through the crisis.
*  Homes provided to our housing association partners and Discounted Open Mark et Value homes.
**
  National average selling price for newly built homes sourced from the UK House Price Index as calculated by the Offi
ce for National Statistics from data provided by HM Land Registry.
15 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview 2020 review
Safe and inclusive
Our year in review continued
TRAINING OUR 
WORKFORCE
During 2020, Persimmon delivered c.12,600 
training days (excluding apprenticeships and sponsored higher or further education courses) to employees and construction workforce, c.1,700 of which were delivered remotely. 
Approximately 13% of our current workforce 
participate in a formal training programme with c.345 apprentices learning traditional craft skills such as bricklaying and joinery, which is among the largest commitment to apprentice training in the industry. 
In addition, the Group has c.70 sales trainees 
and c.265 colleagues training in disciplines such as accounting, quantity surveying, planning and construction.PROMOTING GENDER DIVERSITY
Our gender data  
(as at 31 December 2020) 2020 2019
Board Male 5 (63%) 5 (63%)
Female 3 (37%) 3 (37%)
Senior Executive Committee 
and direct reportsMale 55 (74%) NR*
Female 19 (26%) NR*
All colleagues
Male3,768
(72%)3,941
(75%)
Female1,453
(28%)1,344 
(25%)
Median gender pay gap 12.7% 12.4%
* NR = Data not reported during period.
The median Gender Pay Gap in 2020 for the Group was 12.7% (2019: 12.4%), which 
compares favourably with the Office of National Statistics figures for 2020 of 15.5% (2019: 17.3%). Consistent with our industry our median Gender Pay Gap is driven by the composition of our workforce with a higher proportion of men in skilled construction roles (such as bricklaying and site management), the market for which is competitive.
Persimmon is part of the Home Builders Federation’s Diversity and Inclusion Group 
with the aim of developing a more diverse and inclusive workforce across the industry. We are also a member of the Apprenticeship Diversity Champions Network (ADCN), part of the National Apprenticeships Service to demonstrate our open and inclusive culture in recruiting and employing young people. 
We recognise that women, as well as people from a broad range of backgrounds, are 
under-represented across the industry as a whole and the Group is determined to do more to attract a more diverse workforce, recognising the benefits that this brings. 
We have set a number of stretching targets to improve gender diversity across the 
Group including, that by the end of 2025 we aim for: 
 •4 0% of our employees to be female
 •3
5% of our Executive Committee and direct reports to be female 
 •4
5% of our employees in management roles to be female
 •I
n 2021, we have recruited a dedicated Director of Talent and Diversity 
to help achieve these targets.c.13%
of our workforce participate 
in formal training680
trainees and  
apprentices
Katherine Hornsby, 19, joined Persimmon in 2020 as a Construction 
Apprentice. As part of her apprenticeship she is currently pursuing a Level 4 HNC in Construction and the Built Environment at Derby College to become a quantity surveyor. Katherine recognised the value of work experience and knew an apprenticeship would enable her to learn and qualify, while gaining a practical understanding of the job. 
“I was very grateful to be given the opportunity to gain 
a broad understanding of all aspects of the commercial department, 
enabling me to make an informed decision on the direction of my 
training and future career. This flexible and real-life experience could 
not be possible if I had been in full time education. I would definitely 
encourage others to become an apprentice.”
Katherine Hornsby
Construction ApprenticeCASE STUDY:
KATHERINE HORNSBY, 
CONSTRUCTION APPRENTICE
16 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview 2020 review
Safe and inclusive continued
The Persimmon Way is a Group wide consolidated 
approach to new home construction which aims to ensure we consistently provide good quality homes to all of our customers. 
It is a comprehensive programme covering  
all aspects of the build process including: 
•Bu
ild quality  – standardising new home design and
construction detail across the business to support the drivefor improved consistency of high quality.
•In
dependent Quality Controllers (IQCs)  – we are doubling
our team of IQCs across the Group to 62 by the end of2021. This team undertakes quality inspections across allof our developments. A detailed 21 key stage inspectionprocess now takes place during the construction of all ofour new homes.
•Tra
ining – a three day ‘Site Managers Essentials’
programme, mandatory online modules and on-site ToolboxTalks targeting build quality were developed in 2020 tosupport the implementation of the Persimmon Way.
•IT
 support  – investment in IT systems which provide
support to the inspection and training processes.
•Ex
ternal auditing  – an independent expert has been
engaged to externally audit the implementation of thePersimmon Way across the Group.EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT
We conducted our first employee engagement survey in 2020 to monitor and improve engagement across the Group. 
The Group’s employee engagement index score was 80% 
with the survey finding that 90% of colleagues felt committed to Persimmon and what the Group is trying to achieve. 
The survey also highlighted some areas for improvement – 
for example, employees would welcome better methods of communication and information distribution, an area that was also raised by Persimmon’s Employee Engagement Panel. 
To address this, the Group has increased its use of online 
training, regular Team Talk updates and investment in an online HR system.
EMPLOYEE AWARDSOur year in review continued
Formerly known as the Group’s Young Achiever of the Year Awards, the Achiever Awards were extended to recognise excellence amongst all colleagues regardless of age. There are five awards categories: Trade Apprentice of the Year, Trainee Sales Advisor of the Year, Business Trainee of the Year, the ‘Unsung Hero’ Award and the Duncan Davidson Award, from which the overall Achiever of the Year is selected. 
In 2021, an employee awards programme for our Site 
Managers will be introduced, recognising achievements in build quality to drive further behavioural change to improve the service we deliver and the quality of our homes. 
17 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview 2020 review
Safe and inclusive continued
COVID RESPONSE:
HEALTH AND SAFETY 
Following detailed risk assessments, the Group’s 
Health, Safety and Environment (HS&E) department developed comprehensive Covid-19 policies and procedures compliant with all relevant guidance including the Construction Leadership Council Safe Operating Procedures, HBF Coronavirus Sales and Marketing Operating Procedures and HM Government Working Safely During Covid-19 guidance. 
The Group developed a ‘Covid-19 Passport to 
Work’ system issued once a Contractor’s operating procedures have been checked and all relevant colleagues have signed up to Covid-19 safe protocols.
HS&E teams perform regular independent site 
inspections ensuring work is consistently performed  
in a Covid secure manner. 
Covid secure procedures are also in place for 
customers visiting our sites and for our customer  
care teams if they have to visit a customer’s home.We provided guidance to our employees to promote mental wellbeing during the pandemic.
Our 108 Mental Health First Aiders were 
also on hand to provide additional emotional support. Those that were able to work from home did so remotely and were provided with the necessary tools and resources. 
We also ensured that the small number of 
colleagues that were unable to work, received full pay without Government support. SUPPORTING OUR COLLEAGUESSOCIAL  
MOBILITY  
PLEDGE 
We are signatories to the Social Mobility Pledge, a coalition of 450 businesses designed to boost opportunity and social mobility in the most deprived areas of the UK. Our track record in advancing social mobility was recognised by the Pledge as demonstrating best practice in the sector.
Working with the Social Mobility Pledge 
team, we will implement a number of recommendations through their Opportunity Action Plan to continue to improve social value in local communities in which we operate.
108
mental health  
first aiders
Covid-
secure
sites and offices£740,000
donations through 
Community Champion initiativeOur year in review continued
For further information on our social mobility pledge 
please see our website
18 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview 2020 review
Building for tomorrow
Our sustainability pillars
We have a key role to play in minimising our environmental 
impact through our operations, our supply chain and the homes and communities we build, ultimately helping our customers to live more sustainably. Reducing our impact makes sense not only from an environmental perspective, but it also ensures greater efficiencies throughout our supply chain and operations.
UN SDG alignmentWe will achieve net zero carbon homes 
in use and in our operations, aligned to climate science.Material issue Target How we will achieve it
1
Climate change  
action and resilienceHomes to be net zero carbon in use by 2030  (2019 baseline). •T
hrough a combination of fabric energy efficiency,
electrification and sourcing of renewable energy.
Net zero carbon in our operations by 2040  (2019 baseline). •Investment in low carbon solutions and technology,
energy efficiency measures and initiatives andsourcing of renewable energy.Reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 46.2% by 2030  (2019 baseline).
Reduce Scope 3 emissions by 22% per m² completed 
floor area by 2030 (2019 baseline).
•C
ontinued efficiency of Persimmon homes and supply
chain engagement to reduce embodied carbon withinproducts and services.
50% of homes sold will use timber frames from Persimmon’s Space4 manufacturing site by 2025.
•C
ontinued investment to increase capacity in Space4
to deliver on modern methods of construction.
In 2021, aim to purchase 100% renewable electricity for Persimmon’s offices and manufacturing facilities. 
In 2021, aim to purchase REGO certificates for 
plots, show homes and temporary building supplies electricity consumption.•P
urchase energy from providers sourcing 100%
renewable energy as part of tender process.
•W
ork with energy providers to purchase REGO
certificates for consumption.
In 2021, Persimmon will aim to offer electric cars and petrol-electric hybrids as primary fuel options to colleagues on the company car scheme where practical with the elimination of petrol and diesel from new company car orders and replacements by 2027 .•U
pdate company car policy and procedures during
2021 alongside decision tree to ensure colleaguesare provided with a suitable car for their needs.
Top suppliers by emissions to be encouraged to utilise the Supply Chain Sustainability School’s carbon reporting tools and training.•E
ngagement with suppliers and the Supply Chain
Sustainability School to monitor success.
Maintain timber and timber derived products from responsible and sustainable sources via Group deals. •E
nsure adherence to timber sourcing policy
through engagement with supply chain.
In 2021, undertake a detailed waste review across operations and implement a waste reduction strategy. •I
mplement recommendations from internal
waste review.
•W
ork with suppliers and waste contractors to
identify opportunities and solutions for wastereduction on our sites.
19 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020
2020 reviewOur plan Overview
Building for tomorrow continued
Our sustainability pillars continued
Material issue Target How we will achieve it
7
Helping our 
customers to live sustainablyFrom 2021, increase sustainability messaging within Persimmon’s customer marketing materials and website.
•M
arketing teams to ensure sustainability messaging
is incorporated into materials, with a focus onpractical tips and information on carbon reduction.
Homes to be net zero carbon in use by 2030  (2019 baseline).
See page 19
Reduce Scope 3 emissions by 22% per m² completed floor area by 2030 (2019 baseline). See page 19
20 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020
2020 reviewOur plan Overview
Transforming communities
Our sustainability pillars continued
It’s important that we make a positive impact when 
building new homes, meeting stakeholder expectations and engaging local residents. We must aim to select the right projects where we can create true social value. We must also provide excellent service to our customers. Doing so builds positive recognition and customer loyalty. We will positively transform communities 
directly connected to Persimmon’s activities.Material issue Target How we will achieve it
4
Customer satisfaction Achieve HBF five star rating on the eight-week 
customer survey scores year-on-year. •I
nvestment in customer services initiatives and 
procedures to ensure continuous improvement in performance. 
8
Social value From 2022, be proactive to ensure compliance with 10% Biodiversity Net Gain (expected during 2023).  •P
roactive management ahead of legislation to 
ensure our sites transition as soon as possible.
From 2021, aim to review all non-developed land to identify opportunities to improve biodiversity.  •This will include identifying a portfolio of sites 
for biodiversity enhancements.
We will create an internal Persimmon Way framework for developments focusing on wellbeing and social value.  •F
ramework for internal purposes to be introduced  
to incorporate best practice guidance.
UN SDG alignment
21 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
Safe and inclusive
Our sustainability pillars continued
Recruiting and retaining the right people means we 
deliver our strategic objectives and provide excellent customer service. 
It is a priority that our processes meet stringent 
standards. This significantly reduces risk and meets customer expectations for quality and value.We will create a safe and inclusive culture 
focused on the wellbeing of our customers, communities and workforce.Material issue Target How we will achieve it
3
Build quality 
and safetyReport on Independent Quality Controller Review metrics and target to improve our % score year-on-year.  •I
mplemented and monitored through Group 
Construction policies and procedures. 
Report on the results of independent quality audit against The Persimmon Way with target to improve % year-on-year.
In 2021, reduce NHBC Reportable Incidents by 20%.
5
Health and safetyReport on Annual Injury Incidence Rate and reduce the 
rate year-on-year. •I
mplementation of key health and safety processes 
delivered and monitored through Group Health, Safety and Environment teams. 
Aim to achieve third party certification/ auditing  to ISO 45001/18001 or similar.
 •T
o be reviewed and implemented through Group 
Health, Safety and Environment department.
Annually report on KPIs following our site inspection regime with a target to improve year-on-year.  •I
mplementation of key health and safety processes.
High risk suppliers by trade to be encouraged to utilise Supply Chain Sustainability School’s Modern Slavery training.  •E
ngagement with supply chain and Supply Chain 
Sustainability School. 
9
Talent attraction, development, diversity and engagementBy the end of 2025, aim for 40% of Persimmon employees to be female.
 •I
nvestment in diversity training and initiatives across 
the Group. 
 •Programmes to ensure effective development of talent. 
 •D
evelopment of enhanced policies and procedures 
to support women in the workplace. By the end of 2025, aim for 35% of Persimmon’s Executive Committee and direct reports to be female.
By the end of 2025, aim for 45% of Persimmon 
employees in management roles to be female.
To become a Living Wage Foundation accredited employer.
 •W
orking with the Living Wage Foundation to ensure 
everyone who works on site or in our offices is paid a 
rate based on real life living costs.UN SDG alignment
22 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
Safe and inclusive continued
Our sustainability pillars continued
Material issue Target How we will achieve it
9
Talent attraction, 
development, diversity and engagementDeliver a tailored training programme to every direct employee via the Persimmon Pathway.
 •P
rogramme developed through Group Training delivered 
through a combination of class-based and online learning. 
Work with the Social Mobility Pledge to implement  a number of recommendations from their independent  social mobility assessment of Persimmon.  •Independent review to be carried out in 2021 
identifying key opportunities for Persimmon to further improve social mobility. 
By 2021, 150 Persimmon employees to be trained mental health first aiders.
 •C
ontinue to increase the number of trained 
colleagues throughout the Group.
Continue to monitor and improve employee engagement through Persimmon’s employee engagement survey.  •L
aunched employee engagement survey in 2020.
 •A
nnual employee engagement surveys to be 
performed, with 2021 already underway.
 •M
onitor key questions such as ‘I’m proud to work for 
Persimmon’, ‘I recommend Persimmon as a place to work’ as well as overall employee engagement index score (2020: 80%).
23 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
At Persimmon, we are committed to maintaining positive relationships with 
our key stakeholders. Doing so helps us to develop as a business responding effectively to their changing needs.Engaging with our stakeholders 
Stakeholder Why? How do we engage What did they tell us? How did the Board respond?
Customers
Relevant material issues:
3  Build quality and safety
4  Customer satisfaction
7  Helping customers 
live sustainably
8  Social value/enhancing  
communitiesEngaging with our customers helps us 
to identify their changing needs, set our strategy accordingly and ensure that we continue to improve the delivery of consistently good quality homes and customer service.
Engaging with our Housing Association 
partners ensures that we provide the appropriate range of affordable homes to meet the needs of local communities. 
Maintaining positive relationships with 
our customers minimises reputational risk to the Group and drives long term demand for our homes. •We c
ommunicate with our customers in a number of ways: 
through our sales teams, who are in regular contact with our customers from the point of reserving their new home to moving in day, through our site staff who attend key release meetings with our customers and through our customer care teams, who support our customers once they have moved into their new home.
 •O
ur sales teams have worked throughout the year, 
including during the period of site shutdown in March and April, supporting our customers on the phone, on e-mail and on-line. 
 •W
e have a comprehensive communication approach 
for each customer including: new home demonstrations, courtesy calls, a seven day inspection and a one month home inspection.
 •P
articipation in a National New Homes survey run by 
the Home Builders Federation to obtain feedback from our customers.
 •W
e engage with our Housing Association partners 
through regular contact and meetings. •We n
eed to have consistency on construction quality 
and assurance.
 •C
ustomers want regular communication with us, particularly 
regarding the timing of their ‘move in’ date.
 •T
he customer care service they receive needs to be efficient 
and effective. Where a home appointment is necessary, these should be at times convenient for the customer.
 •C
ustomer service needs to continue after moving in day 
and any snagging works have been completed. •C
onsistently building good quality homes 
and providing high levels of customer service remains a key focus for the Group.
 •C
ontinued to invest in and progress 
the Persimmon Way, our Group wide consolidated approach to new home construction which is considered to be a key driver to deliver consistent quality across our business.
 •C ontinued to put customers before 
volume
 –I
mproving build quality and assurance 
processes
 – I
mproving customer communication 
throughout our customers’ journey with us
 – I
mproving consumer rights through the 
Homebuyer Retention Scheme
Employees
Relevant material issues:
1  C limate change action 
and resilience
5 H ealth and safety
9  Talent, attraction, 
development, diversity and engagementThe Board aims to attract and retain a diverse and talented workforce, believing this to be fundamental to the long term success of the business.
Rising UK housebuilding activity in recent 
years has increased demand for skilled labour. Retaining and investing in skilled staff is therefore a key priority for the Group.
Engaging with our employees helps 
ensure they understand and align with the Group’s strategy. •E
mployee Engagement Panel established in early 
2019, with representatives presenting to the Board.
 •W
ith the increase in home working, colleagues have 
been encouraged to ‘keep in touch’ through training,  on-line meetings and calls.
 •T
hrough annual employee engagement surveys.
 •T
hrough feedback from the Gender Diversity Panel.
 •T hrough our Health, Safety and Environment Department 
and increased on line training procedures. •T
he Employee Engagement Panel held an additional 
unscheduled meeting to discuss the Group’s response to the Coronavirus pandemic. The Panel reported that colleagues were generally pleased with the way the Group had responded and communicated its response to them.
 •C
olleagues would like to further understand the Group’s 
commitment to reducing its carbon footprint.
 •O ur first employee engagement survey (conducted in 
February 2020) was extremely positive, with an 80% employee engagement score. 
 •T
he survey also highlighted some areas for improvement, 
for example, better methods of communication. •C
ontinued investment in the Group 
Training Department.
 •L
aunched an employee engagement 
survey in 2020 with annual surveys to be performed.
 •A
ppointed a Director of Talent and 
Diversity to assist in enhancing the Diversity of the Group and set new Diversity targets.
 •A
greed the initiative to set and 
commitment to science based carbon reduction targets.
Communities
Relevant material issues:
8  Social value/enhancing  
communitiesEngaging with our local communities, throughout all phases of the development more accurately identifies their needs and addresses issues they may have. 
During this collaboration, we aim to 
address and minimise the impact of our activities during the construction phase of our developments through our ‘Planning and Environmental Risk Assessments’. •C
onsultation throughout the planning and development 
process to more accurately identify the needs of local communities.
 •Feedback from our local pre-launch marketing campaigns.
 •Being actively involved in the communities in which we 
operate, through employing local people and supporting local charities and community groups through the Persimmon Charitable Foundation.  •D
emand for homes in communities with high amenity 
value is strong.
 •L
ocal infrastructure investment is important in improving 
community environments.
 •Be an active part of the community through supporting 
local charities and community groups.
 •B
e positive and responsive to the views of local people. •C
ontinued investment in skilled land, 
planning and design teams to provide communities with the range of well-designed affordable homes that best suit the needs of their local communities.
 •S
igned up to the Covid-19 business 
pledge supporting colleagues, customers and communities through the crisis.
 •C
ontinued the Community Champions 
and the Building Futures Campaigns.For more information read our  
Annual Report 2020 online at www.persimmonhomes.com/corporate
24 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
Stakeholder Why? How do we engage What did they tell us? How did the Board respond?
Suppliers and 
subcontractors
Relevant material issues:
1  C limate change action 
and resilience
5 H ealth and safety
8  Social value/enhancing  
communitiesThe Group benefits from robust and 
long standing relationships with many of its suppliers and subcontractors. This assists in securing the quality and supply of materials to deliver the Group’s build programmes effectively.
We engage with them to ensure adherence 
to our stringent health and safety standards and required standards of ethical behaviour and integrity. 
Engagement with our suppliers assists 
us in continuing to improve the long-term sustainability of our supply chain. •R
egular, informal discussions with our key suppliers 
through our Group Procurement department, who are responsible for arranging and negotiating group supply deals.
 •O
ur local operating businesses’ buying and technical 
teams regularly engage with local suppliers and subcontractors.
 •O
ur ‘Toolbox Talks’ ensure our subcontractors understand 
and adhere to the health and safety standards required on our sites.
 •A
ll suppliers sign up to the Group’s supplier principles 
which describe our requirements and expectations. •T
he Group works in partnership with its suppliers, 
providing continuity and visibility of future work flows.
 •T
imely payment of invoices is important to them.
 •T
hey continue to monitor the impact of the UK’s 
exit from the EU on supply chains. •M
aintain a set of Supplier Principles 
which all suppliers must sign up to.
 •We a
re a signatory to The Prompt 
Payment Code (PPC).
 •J
oined the Gangmasters and Labour 
Abuse Authority’s Construction Protocol.
Shareholders
Relevant material issues:
1  C limate change action 
and resilience
5 H ealth and safety
8  Social value/enhancing  
communities
9  Talent, attraction, 
development, diversity and engagementAccess to capital is important to the  
long-term success of the business. 
Through our engagement we aim to create 
investor buy-in of our core focus areas and how we execute them.
We create value for our investors by 
generating surplus capital beyond the reinvestment needs of the business as the market cycle develops. •R
egular discussion with analysts and investors 
as part of the Group’s reporting cycle.
 •W
e hold institutional shareholder meetings and 
specific consultations.
 •Th
rough shareholder roadshows.
 •H
old a regular ‘Capital Markets Day’.
 •O
btain feedback from the Company’s brokers 
and market analysts.
 •O
btain feedback from shareholder groups. •P
reference for a sustainable dividend.
 •F
air pay for all employees.
 •I
ncreased need to demonstrate ESG credentials. 
 •R
equire a diverse Board composition.
 •R
emuneration must be appropriate, performance 
related and linked to strategy. •A
pproved the Capital Return Programme 
payments by the payment of a dividend for 2020.
 •T
he Group will apply to become an 
accredited Living Wage employer during 2021.
 •M
aintain a rigorous process for 
each Board appointment led by the Nomination Committee.
 •R
enewed focus on the Group’s ESG 
credentials – inclusion of commitment to deliver science based carbon reduction targets for the Group.
Government, 
regulators and industry bodies
Relevant material issues:
1  C limate change action 
and resilience
5 H ealth and safety
8  Social value/enhancing  
communitiesWe engage with Government in respect of 
Government policy that affects the Group.
We meet with local authority planning 
departments to ensure we are able to provide sustainable communities with high amenity value in places where people wish to live and work.
We engage with the Health and Safety 
Executive in relation to industry-wide initiatives to reduce health and safety risks to both our workforce and the local communities. •P
articipating in industry meetings with Ministers.
 •E
ngaging with Government departments directly, 
and working with the Home Builders Federation, to explain industry opportunities and challenges.
 •M
ember of Homes for Scotland.
 •E
ngaged with Home Building Skills Partnership.
 •R
egular dialogue with the Health and Safety Executive.
 •E
ngaging with local planning authorities.
 •E
ngaging with Government regarding the Future 
Homes Standard. •G
overnment policy is supportive of the UK housing market 
and has introduced a number of measures to support the industry. 
 •A
s part of the UK achieving its target of net zero by 2050, 
the Government is consulting on the Future Homes Standard which aims to significantly reduce the carbon emissions of a home built to current regulations.
 •I
n August 2020, the Government consulted on the White 
Paper to reform England’s planning system. One that makes the system quicker and simpler, provides ‘sustainable, beautiful, useful and safe’ development and one that secures investment in local infrastructure.
 •E
ssential to maintain a skilled and adequately resourced 
Health and Safety Department and Covid-secure sites, offices and manufacturing facilities. •T
he Board receives updates from the 
Chairman and Group Chief Executive regarding direct engagement with Government, Homes England and the Home Builders Federation.Engaging with our stakeholders continued  
25 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
Key Performance Indicators
KPI 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Housing completions 13,575 15,885 16,449 16,043 15,171
Average selling prices £230,534 £215,709 £215,563 £213,321 £206,765
Building for tomorrow
Greenhouse gas emissions (Tonnes CO 2e) 25,886 34,006 38,400 33,520 32,599
Greenhouse gas emissions per home completed (Tonnes CO 2e) 2.16 2.14 2.33 2.09 2.15
Average SAP rating 86 84 83 83 83
Homes incorporating renewable energy 1,034 1,402 993 901 1,218
Waste generated (Tonnes) 113,689 117,936 110,726 116,261 100,444
Waste per home completed (Tonnes) 8.4 7.4 6.7 7.3 6.6
Waste recycled % 96% 97% 96% 92% 93%
Trees planted 109,402 146,153 82,922 83,863 73,990
Trees planted per home completed 8 9 5 5 5
Safe and inclusive 
Average number of employees  5,156 5,097 4,809 4,535 4,526
Average number of female employees 1,453 1,338 1,208 1,125 1,127
Female employees % 28% 26% 25% 25% 25%
Female employees on Senior Management team % 26% 21% 19% 13% 13%
Training days delivered (excluding apprenticeships) 12,573 14,256 11,031 10,669 10,550
Number of trainees and apprentices c.680 c.750 c.630 c.590 c.550
No. of construction work related incidents in our housebuilding operations 20 39 45 49 47
No. of worker RIDDOR reportable incidents in our manufacturing operations 3 2 3 3 –
RIDDORs per 1,000 workers in our housebuilding operations 3.4 3.8 3.2 3.6 3.6
HSE Prosecutions 0 0 0 0 0
HSE Enforcement Notices 0 1 1 1 0
Transforming communities
Social and affordable homes completed * 2,433 3,589 3,333 3,005 2,448
Value of social and affordable homes delivered £303m £428m £394m £348m £262m
Social and affordable as a proportion of total completions 18% 23% 20% 19% 16%
Infrastructure contributions (£m) 72.9 94.1 80.7 64.4 65.5
*  Homes provided to our housing association partners and Discounted Open Market Value homes.
26 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
CLIMATE RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURESClimate change risks and opportunities
Pathway to full TCFD disclosure in 2021
Task Force on Climate Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
Governance
Board oversight of the Group’s climate 
related risks and opportunities
Climate change is considered a principal 
risk for the Group and as such, it is governed and managed in line with the Group’s risk management framework. See our annual report for further details. 
The Board has overall responsibility for the 
management of risks and opportunities arising as a result of climate change. The Sustainability Committee oversees the Group’s climate change strategy and reports its findings and recommendations to the Board. The Committee was restructured in 2020 to bring more focus to this important area. The Committee met three times in 2020  and comprised, Joanna Place, Non-Executive Director (Chair), the Group Chief Executive, the Group Strategy Director, the Group Sustainability Manager, the Group Corporate Reporting Manager and the Company Secretary. It receives external expert advice as necessary.
Strategy
The Board monitors the impact of climate change risks and opportunities on its  strategy, business model and financial  position. It considers the impact over the  short (0-5 years), medium (6-10 years) and  long (11-100 years) term.The Group’ s current 
progress and future plans  for 2021/2022 include:
 •T he calculation and publication of the 
Group’s science based GHG emissions 
targets for its own operations and those from its homes in use and its supply chain (see page 48 of our Annual Report);
 •Su
bmit the Group’s science based 
targets to the Science Based Target Initiative for formal accreditation;
 •M
easure and publish the Group’s 
emissions from its homes in use and its supply chain within its 2021 annual financial statements;
 •E
mbed GHG emission reduction 
strategies, into ‘business as usual’ via the Group’s steering groups;
 •P
ublication of progress against these 
emissions targets;
 •P
erform climate change 
scenario analysis; 
 •A
ssess and develop the pathway 
to net zero for the operations of the Group; and
 •A
ssess and develop the pathway to 
developing low carbon homes at scale.The Group’ s progress  
in 2020 includes:
 •A doption of the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) 
Protocol Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard (Revised Edition) as the method to measure and report the Group’s emissions from its own operations;
 •P
ublication of a Carbon Reporting 
Methodology Statement to describe the processes and methodologies for measuring and reporting the Group’s emissions from its own operations; 
 •B
egin to establish and set science 
based GHG emissions targets for the Group’s emissions from its own operations, its homes in use and its supply chain; 
 •E
stablished operations led steering 
groups to direct, manage and integrate the impact of potential regulatory changes and GHG emission reduction strategies throughout the business; and
 •P
erformed a high-level balance sheet, 
profit and loss account and cash flow review of the asset classes and cost categories likely to be most significantly impacted by climate change.The Board recognises the risks and opportunities posed by climate change 
to the Group’s business model and strategy. Climate change was introduced as a principal risk for the Group in its 2018 Annual Report & Accounts and last year the Group began its pathway to align with the disclosures recommended by the TCFD by 2021.
27 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
Risk Potential impact Strategy impact Resilience of the Group’s strategy and business model
(0-5 years)
Transition to a low 
carbon economy through changing regulationsOn 1 October 2019, the Government set out its plans for the introduction 
of a ‘Future Homes Standard’ in England (planned to be introduced by 2025) which will require new build homes to be future-proofed with low carbon heating and world-leading levels of energy efficiency. Whilst the detailed changes have yet to be announced, the industry is currently considering the likely impact of these new regulations.
The Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government’s ‘Planning 
for the Future’ White Paper published in August 2020 outlined proposals to introduce a simpler and quicker planning system in England, which would promote developments that actively address the challenges of climate change.
Regulatory change may lead to: 
 •c
onstrained land supply leading to an increased cost of land 
investment for the business;
 •e
xtended planning delays impacting the Group’s new home delivery rate;
 •i
ncreased cost and pressure on the availability of labour and 
materials; and 
 •r
equirement for the use of new technology and skills impacting 
overall build cost.Based on the high level review of the Group’s balance sheet, the carrying value of the Group’s 
owned and under control land holdings is most likely to be impacted by the transition to a low carbon economy through changing regulations. At 31 December 2020, the Group has 84,174 owned and under control plots in its land holdings. The Group’s underlying gross margin* achieved in 2020 of 31% serves to highlight the quality of these land holdings and provides some mitigation against potential increased costs associated with delivering low carbon homes. These diverse and high quality land holdings supports the Group’s strong network of outlets and ensures the Group is well positioned to invest in land at the right time in the cycle. The strong gross margins embedded in the Group’s existing land holdings helps to absorb potential volatility caused by increases in build costs.
The Group has core house types used across its national network of development sites which 
helps ensure that any new regulatory requirements (e.g. home design and construction) can be effectively and consistently applied across the Group.
The Group’s business model includes vertical integration – the Group owns its own timber 
frame, wall panel and roof cassette manufacturing facilities. These modern methods of construction are considered likely to assist in building low carbon homes.
The Group’s significant ongoing investment in training ensures that it maintains an appropriate 
skills base to manage changes in regulation.
(11-100 years)
Changes in weather 
patterns and the frequency of extreme weather events, particularly storms  
and floodingThis may increase disruption to the construction process resulting in build 
delays and increased costs.
Land availability may become constrained in higher flood risk areas.The Group’s strategy and business model considers the risk of climate change at a number of 
key stages, including:
 •I
dentifying land investment opportunities in the most sustainable locations, in places where 
our customers wish to live and work.
 •D
eveloping sustainable communities which includes the consideration of climate change 
risk assessments (e.g. consideration of flood risk and developing appropriate flood defence mechanisms).
Climate change opportunities for the Group’ s strategy and business model
Opportunity Potential impact Strategy impact Resilience of the Group’s strategy and business model
(0-10 years)
Transition to a low   
carbon economy  
through changing 
buildings regulations  
and evolution of home designChanging regulations and the evolution of new home design may lead 
to increased demand for new build homes which include low carbon solutions for our customers, leading to increased revenue. The Group’s high quality land holdings, land investment strategy, well designed core house types and skilled teams will ensure an agile response to changing regulations to take advantage of any increase in customer demand.
Identification of a 
pathway to ‘net zero’In establishing and setting a pathway to achieving net zero carbon in its 
own operations by 2040, the Group is likely to identify areas of cost and operational efficiencies.The Group’s robust operating systems will ensure that any changes can be implemented promptly and effectively.
*  S tated before legacy buildings provision (2020: £75.0m, 2019: £nil) and based on new housing revenue (2020: £3,129.5m, 2019: £3,420.1m).Climate change risks to the Group’ s strategy and business model
The risks identified below are those that are considered to have a potentially material financial impact on the Group’s strategy and business model.Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued
28 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued
Risk Management
The Group maintains a risk register which 
identifies the significant climate change risks which may impact the Group. The risks and their potential consequences are identified by relevant stakeholders in the Group and the process of managing each risk is considered. Each risk is allocated a ‘risk owner’ with the Board holding ultimate responsibility for risk management.
The register is updated at least once a year and 
reviewed by the Group Sustainability Manager, the Group Internal Audit Manager and the Risk Committee. During the year, a high-level review of the balance sheet profit and loss account and cash flow review of the asset classes and cost categories was also undertaken to ensure climate change risks to the business are fully considered from a quantitative and qualitative perspective. As risks are identified, the Group considers whether the business’ strategy and business model already manages/mitigates the relevant risk. Should any gaps be identified, the Group establishes appropriate risk management procedures.
Through these processes, the Group has 
identified the material risk associated with climate change to be in relation to the Group’s investment in its land holdings and land investment opportunities, together with the evolution of the design of its core house types. We assess the significant environmental and climate change risks for each of our potential sites and conduct full environmental impact assessments for each development we acquire. See Annual Report for further details.In order to manage the potential change in regulation through the Future Homes Standard, the Group has established a Steering Group to plan, manage and implement the transition to low carbon homes. It is investing in a new technical department headed by the Group Technical Director which includes expertise in assessing the impact of changing building regulations and new home design. See pages 48 to 49 of our Annual Report for more detail.
Metrics and targets
The Group monitors emissions from its own operations, which have been measured in accordance with GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition).
The Group is committed to playing its part in 
the international effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by reducing its own emissions across the business’ operations, the supply chain and from the homes we sell. As such, Persimmon has set an ambitious target to be net zero in our homes in use by 2030 and in our operations by 2040. This commitment is supported by interim science based carbon reduction targets to reduce operational emissions by 46.2% and our indirect emissions (i.e. those from our homes in use and our supply chain) by 22% per m2 completed by 2030 which will be achieved through a number of measures including wider supply chain engagement, product innovation as well as changes to current operational processes.
Steering Groups have been established to 
plan and manage the Group’s greenhouse gas emission reduction pathway, assisted by an independent expert, for its operations, its supply chain and the new homes it delivers.
We participate in the CDP climate survey, 
our rating for 2020 improved to a B– (Management), (2019: C (Awareness)).Greenhouse gas emissions*
tonnes CO 2e
Greenhouse gas emissions 2020 2019
Scope 1 emissions from gas, transport and construction site fuel use 25,886 30,797
Scope 2 emissions  from electricity useLocation based
3,480 3,209
Market based 1,656 2,747
Total greenhouse  gas emissionsLocation based
29,367 34,006
Market based 27,543 33,543
Carbon intensity  (per home sold)Location based
2.16 2.14
Market based 2.02 2.12
*  O ur Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions data for 2020 has been externally verified to a limited level of assurance 
by Bureau Veritas. The Group has used the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition) 
as the method to quantify and report greenhouse gas emissions. They have been reported in line with the UK Government’s ‘Environmental Reporting Guidelines: including streamlined energy and carbon reporting guidance’ (dated March 2019). We have continued to evolve our reporting methodologies. As such, in 2020, for Scope 1 business travel, the Group has improved the accuracy of its information by basing the calculation on specific information provided by a sample of colleagues from across the business and extrapolating the results across the whole population. In 2019, the Group analysed fuel card usage and expense claims to estimate the level of Scope 1 business travel. Estimates were based on a smaller representative sample of company car users and extrapolated across the actual population. 
 
 T
he Group’s total energy use for 2020 was 110,034,884 kWh (2019: 116,392,708 kWh). The Group operates in England, 
Wales and Scotland only. As such, the emissions stated are amounts for UK and offshore emissions, with no additional global emissions.
Our carbon reduction targets 
From 2030, our new homes in use will be net zero carbon.
By 2040, we aim for net zero carbon across our operations.We have set science based carbon reduction targets for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. 
These targets are aligned with the Paris Agreement’s aspiration to limit global warming to 1.5°C.
Scope 3
22% per m2
We will reduce our Scope 3 emissions  
by 22% per m2 completed floor area by 2030Scope 1 and 2
46.2%
We will reduce our Scope 1 and 2 emissions  
by 46.2% by 2030
See our carbon reporting methodology statement for further  
information at www.persimmonhomes.com/corporate
29 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
SASB was founded in 2011 as a not-for-profit, 
independent standards setting organisation to assist companies in disclosing financially material, decision-useful sustainability information to investors.It is a US standard, therefore where possible, the UK equivalent has been provided as an alternative measure. In addition, we have provided additional metrics where we believe they will provide further information regarding a specific sustainability topic.The Group has chosen to evolve its sustainability reporting further by 
disclosing sustainability topics and certain accounting metrics in line with  the HOME BUILDERS Sustainability Accounting Standard, where possible.Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Disclosures
Sustainability Disclosure Topics and Accounting Metrics
Activity metric Code Category Unit of measure Data
Number of controlled plots IF-HB-000.A Quantitative Number 84,174
Number of homes delivered IF-HB-000.B Quantitative Number 13,575
Number of active selling communities IF-HB-000.C Quantitative Number c.300
Topic Accounting metric 2020 data SASB code
Land use and 
ecological impactsNumber of (1) plots and (2) homes delivered on redevelopment sites (1) 21,979 plots  ( 2) 3,414 homes IF-HB-160a.1
Number of (1) plots and (2) homes delivered in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress(1) 2,842 plots
 (
2) 598 homes IF-HB-160a.2
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with environmental regulations£Nil IF-HB-160a.3
Discussion of process to integrate environmental considerations into site selection, site design, and site development and constructionThe Group performs a ‘Planning and Environmental Risk Assessment’ for each potential site identified covering matters including contaminated land, water contamination and biodiversity impacts. This assessment is used to plan and design the site and put in place appropriate measures to mitigate adverse environmental impacts. The Group’s technical and construction teams are involved in site planning and development from an early stage in the planning process through ‘land technical team meetings’ and ‘prestart meetings’ to discuss progressing the scheme and ensure the environmental conditions are effectively implemented on site.IF-HB-160a.4
Public open spaces and gardens provided for families** 635 acres Additional information
** E stimated using an economic toolkit.
30 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
Topic Accounting metric 2020 data SASB code
Workforce  
Health and Safety(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) and (2) fatality rate for (a) direct employees and (b) contract employees(1)
  ( a)  A nnual Injury Incidence Rate of 1.7 per 1,000 workers (reported 
in line with UK Health and Safety Executive (HSE) methodology)
(2)
 (
a) 0, (b) 0IF-HB-320a.1
Construction work related incidents per 1,000 workers 3.4 Additional information
Health and safety training days delivered 1,028 days Additional information
Design for  resource  efficiencyAverage energy efficiency score of our new homes (SAP rating)* 86 IF-HB-410a.1
Percentage of new homes delivered that were fitted with LED bulbs 100% Additional information
Percentage of installed water fixtures certified to WaterSense® specifications This is a program sponsored by the US Environmental Protection Agency and as such, not specifically relevant to Persimmon. For information on the efficiency of our homes, please see page 48 of our Annual Report.IF-HB-410a.2
Number of homes delivered certified to a third party multi-attribute green building standardNote that there are no equivalent multi attribute green building standards in the UK.IF-HB-410a.3
Description of risks and opportunities related to incorporating resource  
efficiency into home design, and how benefits are communicated  
to customersAll of our homes are designed to achieve high levels of energy efficiency, see page 12 for more details.IF-HB-410a.4
Community  impacts of new developmentsDescription of how proximity and access to infrastructure, services,  
and economic centres affect site selection and development decisionsWhen selecting sites for development, Persimmon’s objective is to develop natural extensions to existing communities that have the least environmental impact. As such, proximity to existing infrastructure and local amenities such as schools, shops and towns is a key consideration for the Group’s land, planning and design teams when identifying potential sites.IF-HB-410b.1
Number of (1) plots and (2) homes delivered on infill sites (1)
 6
0,205 plots
(2)
 9
,819 homesIF-HB-410b.2
(1) N
umber of homes delivered in compact developments and  
(2) a
verage density(1)
 6
,644 homes
(2)
 1
7 plots per net developable acreIF-HB-410b.3
First occupation expenditure – customers’ expenditure on furnishing and decorating their new home**£74m Additional information
Residential expenditure – spending within local shopsand services by residents of new homes delivered**£402m Additional information
Climate change adaptionNumber of plots located in 100-year flood zones The Group does not build directly on 100-year flood zones. If any area within our sites fall into this category, it is not developed, in line with the planning requirements, which will have been agreed before land investment.IF-HB-420a.1
Percentage of sites with sustainable urban drainage systems 78% Additional information
Description of climate change risk exposure analysis, degree of systematic portfolio exposure, and strategies for mitigating risksPlease see the Group’s Task Force on Climate Related Risk Disclosures (TCFD) on page 27.IF-HB-420a.2Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Disclosures continued
* S ASB requirement refers to a US regulation/standard. The UK equivalent has been provided as an alternative measure where possible.
**
 E
stimated using an economic toolkit.
31 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
TO THE STAKEHOLDERS OF PERSIMMON PLCIndependent Limited Assurance Statement 
Introduction and 
objectives of work
Bureau Veritas UK Limited (‘Bureau Veritas’) 
has been engaged by Persimmon Plc (‘Persimmon’) to provide limited assurance over Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions data as reported in its Annual report and accounts 2020 (hereafter ‘the Report’). This Assurance Statement applies to the related information included within the scope of work described below. The aim of this process is to provide assurance to Persimmon’s stakeholders over the accuracy, reliability and objectivity of the reported information.
Scope of work
The scope of our work was limited to assurance over Persimmon’s Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions data included within the Report for the period 1 January to 31 December 2020 (the ‘Selected Information’).
The boundary of the verification included 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and associated data from the activities under Persimmon’s financial control.Reporting Criteria
The Selected Information are reported according to the Persimmon Group Greenhouse Gas Emissions Methodology which is aligned to the GHG Protocol.
Limitations and Exclusions
Our assurance process was subject to the following limitations as we have not been engaged to provide assurance over:
 •A
ctivities outside the defined 
reporting period;
 •P
ositional statements (expressions of 
opinion, belief, aim or future intention by Persimmon) and statements of future commitment;
 •F
inancial data provided in the Report which 
are audited by an external financial auditor, including but not limited to any statements relating to production, tax, sales, and financial investments; and
 •O
ther information included in the Report 
other than the scope defined above.
This limited assurance engagement relies on a risk based selected sample of sustainability data and the associated limitations that this entails. The reliability of the reported data is dependent on the accuracy of metering and other production measurement arrangements employed at site level, not addressed as part of this assurance. This independent statement should not be relied upon to detect all errors, omissions or misstatements that may exist.Responsibilities
The preparation and presentation of the Selected Information in the Report is the sole responsibility of the management of Persimmon.
Bureau Veritas was not involved in the drafting 
of the Report. Our responsibilities were to:
 •O
btain limited assurance about whether the 
Selected Information has been appropriately and accurately prepared;
 •F
orm an independent conclusion based 
on the assurance procedures performed and evidence obtained; and
 •R
eport our conclusions to the Directors 
of Persimmon.
Assessment Standard
We performed our work to a limited level of assurance in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 Revised, Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (effective for assurance reports dated on or after 15 December 2015), issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.Summary of work performed
As part of its independent verification, Bureau Veritas undertook the following activities:
 •A
ssessed the appropriateness and 
accuracy of the Selected Information;
 •C
onducted interviews with relevant 
personnel of Persimmon;
 •R
eviewed the data collection and 
consolidation processes used to compile the Selected Information, including assessing assumptions made, the data scope and reporting boundaries;
 •R
eviewed a sample of the Selected 
Information against the corresponding source documentation provided by Persimmon; and
 •P
erformed a selection of aggregation 
calculations of the Selected Information.
The scope of a limited assurance engagement is substantially less than for reasonable assurance both in terms of the risk assessment procedures and in performing the procedures to address the identified risks.
32 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
Independent Limited Assurance Statement continued
Conclusion
On the basis of our methodology and the 
activities described above for the agreed scope, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions data as stated below and in the Report are not fairly stated in all material respects.
Reported GHG emissions
Scope 1: Scope 2  
(location based):Scope 2  
(market based):
25,886  
tonnes  
of CO 2e3,480  
tonnes  
of CO 2e1,656  
tonnes  
of CO 2e
Further detailed recommendations are provided in the form of an internal management report to be issued to Persimmon.Statement of Independence, 
Integrity and Competence
Bureau Veritas is an independent professional 
services company that specialises in quality, environmental, health, safety and social accountability with over 190 years’ history. Its assurance team has extensive experience in conducting verification over environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes.
Bureau Veritas operates a certified
1 Quality 
Management System which complies with 
the requirements of ISO 9001:2015, and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.Bureau Veritas has implemented and applies a Code of Ethics, which meets the requirements of the International Federation of Inspections Agencies (IFIA)
2 across the business to 
ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality, professional behaviour and high ethical standards in their day-to-day business activities. The assurance team for this work does not have any involvement in any other Bureau Veritas projects with Persimmon.
Bureau Veritas UK Limited 
London
25 February 2021
1 C ertificate of Registration available on request.
2
  I
nternational Federation of Inspection Agencies – Compliance Code – Third Edition. 
33 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview
Feedback
We value your feedback on our approach 
to sustainability and would appreciate your comments on this report and our performance.
You can email us at  
sustainability@persimmonhomes.com or write to:
Philippa Bolton-Hadfield
Group Sustainability Manager
Persimmon Plc  
Persimmon House  
Fulford, York  
YO19 4FE Policies
Further information on the following policies 
that support Persimmon’s approach to CR and sustainability can be found on our website:
Further information on the policies 
that support Persimmon’s approach to sustainability can be found on our website: www.persimmonhomes.com/corporateCorporate Responsibility
For more information on our Sustainability 
Report please visit our website:
www.persimmonhomes.com/corporate/  
corporate-responsibilityFeedback, policies and past reports
Designed and produced by Radley Yeldar ry.com
34 Persimmon Plc  | Sustainability Report | 2020Our plan 2020 review Overview