“We pioneer innovative solutions that treat and keep people out of the hospital, 
empowering them to live healthier, higher-quality lives. By enabling better care, 
we improve quality of life, reduce the impact of chronic disease, and lower costs 
for consumers and healthcare systems in more than 140 countries. ”REPORT ON 
ENVIRONMENT, SOCI A L & 
COR
PORATE GOVERNANCE 
(ES
G) ISSUES
December 2021
Report scope  and reference
This Sustainability Report focuses on economic, environmental, and social governance (ESG) issues 
that encompass our global operations, including those of our international subsidiaries. Our approach 
is to include standards where applicable to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability 
Reporting Guidelines.
Any gaps in the data are noted in the relevant section.
The report focuses on the last financial year ended 30 June 2021. This report also provides 
background to issues relevant to these periods.
This report should be read alongside documents filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission, in particular our 2021 Form 10-K annual report and our 2021 Form DEF 14A proxy 
statement  for shareholders. These filed documents take precedence over this ESG report in the event 
of any unintended inconsistency .
All references to dollars are U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. References in this font are 
hyperlinked to their source or page reference.
The preparation of the report has been informed by the reporting guidelines of the GRI Reporting 
Framework. APPENDIX 1 at the end of the documents matches the information in the report with the 
relevant GRI indicators.
While this report has been prepared with due care, it has not been externally assured.
Further information can be obtained by contacting Justin Italiano at ResMed Inc., Sydney, at +61 2 
8884 1000, or by visiting the company’s multilingual website at www.resmed.com.
ResMed Inc.
9001 Spectrum Center Blvd
San Diego, CA 92123
United States of America
Table of contents
Report scope and reference  .......................................................................................................... 2
ResMed in brief  .............................................................................................................................. 6
Governance  .................................................................................................................................. 12
Our people  .................................................................................................................................... 19
Health and wellbeing  .................................................................................................................. 32
Our products  ................................................................................................................................ 39
Community  .................................................................................................................................. 45
Environment................................................................................................................................. 51
Appendix 1 – References t
o GRI core metrics  ........................................................................... 64
2   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Our approach to ESG
A message from our CEO
As I reflect back on this year, 2021, I am filled with optimism. 
Not only do I see a world increasingly protected against the latest variants of COVID-19 (thanks to 
safe and effective vaccines developed in record time), but also a world increasingly demanding digital health solutions that help healthcare professionals safely monitor millions of patients and enable patients themselves to engage with and improve their use of life-changing home treatments for a broad range of chronic diseases.
I am proud to work alongside 8,000 ResMedians every day as we develop world-leading digital health 
solutions for people with sleep apnea, COPD, asthma, and other chronic diseases, as well as all those in need of care delivered well away from a hospital.
In the past 12 months, we’ve helped over 130 million people in over 140 countries so that they can 
sleep better, breathe better, and live healthier, higher-quality lives. We’ve passed the halfway point toward our goal of improving 250 million lives with healthcare solutions in 2025. This includes:
•
Over 15.5 million people using our 10
0%-cloud-connectable devices to treat their sleep apnea,
COPD, asthma, or other chronic condition at home; and
•Over 115 million people receiving out-of-hospit
al care from providers who use our software to run
more efficiently and deliver more personalized care.
We’ve achieved all this while navigating a “perfect storm” of issues in 2021: •
Constraints on the supply of critical electronic components for our cloud-connected medical devices
due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic;
•Constraints on air, sea, and ground freight options, including issues as specific as a shortage ofshipping dock workers and a short
age of truck drivers in the United States;
•A competitor’s recall in June 2021 of ov
er 3.3 million CPAP and APAP devices as well as ventilators,
causing an unprecedented spike in demand for ResMed’s devices and healthcare solutions.
The good news for patients and providers worldwide is that ResMed has the manufacturing capacity to meet this demand. What we need now more than ever is the semiconductor chips (and other critical components) from our global supply chain that go into each life-changing device, so that millions of patients worldwide can benefit from them. Since the competitor’s recall began, we’ve essentially sold every device we can make, and we continue talking with our suppliers – and their suppliers – and their suppliers, and beyond… urging them all to prioritize patients’ needs in medical devices when allocating their components.  
ESG: Healthier people and a healthier world
At ResMed, we strive to help over 936 million people who suffocate every night with sleep apnea, 380 million people worldwide who suffer from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, 340 million people who suffer from asthma, and tens of millions more who benefit from a streamlined out-of-hospital healthcare ecosystem that includes home medical equipment, skilled nursing facilities, home health and hospice, home infusion, and beyond. For over 30 years, our mission has been encompassed in what we call the “triple aim”: to improve quality of life, to prevent the progression of chronic disease, and to reduce overall healthcare costs. 
3   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
We also know that improving health is just one key part of creating a better society. That’s why in 
addition to dedicating more than 7% of our annual revenue to research and development, we’re always committed to finding new ways to do business with a clear focus on sustainability. After all, product innovation, operational excellence, and following the highest ethics in business practice, are precisely what enable us to save and enrich many tens of millions of lives each year. 
This past year, we have:•
Launched ResMed’s 
“Green Team” dedicated to identifying, testing, and implementing new ways to
minimize our environmental footprint by reducing, reusing, and recycling as much material as possible
•Launched ResMed’s first ESG w
ebsite so all stakeholders can view our commitments and progress
We’re also committed to celebrating and empowering each and every ResMedian by launching 
and growing belonging, inclusion, and diversity initiatives and employees’ ability to give back to the communities we live in through volunteering their time for charities. We now have:
•
10 Employee R
esource Groups (ERGs) that cultivate a unique and authentic sense of belonging for
employees who share a particular gender, culture, lifestyle, or interest; these include: Aspire, Black
Excellence, HoLA!, LEAN, Mosaic, Parents, RACA, Respect, and Veterans; these ERGs help foster adiverse and inclusive workplace in which we feel safe and confident as our authentic selves at work
•
3 countries where ResMedians can take up to 16 hours/year of paid Volunteer Time Off (VTO)
These initiatives and many more can be found at ResMed’s Corporate Citizenship website – which I 
strongly encourage you to visit.
We, over 8,000 ResMedians, are poised and excited to deliver the gift of breath and the gift of good 
sleep and top quality healthcare to tens of millions more people; to enhance their lives with the latest 
digital health and SaaS solutions; to do so with a sense of urgency, with integrity, and with 
transparency; and to do so as “One ResMed” that proudly represents all the communities we serve in 
140 countries around the globe.
I am optimistic about the world we’re helping, and proud to be part of all ResMed’s endeavors toward 
making the world a better place, one breath, one REM sleep session, one healthcare episode, and 
one person at a time. 
Thank you for your support to help us in our ResMed mission and vocation, and also for your diligence 
in reading this ESG report from our team of experts in the field. 
Michael “Mick” Farrell
CEO, ResMed
4   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENTYours sincerely,
Key ESG indicators
Table 1 captures our significant data. We present more detailed data on the indicated pages for our 
primary manufacturing and distribution sites o
ver the three years.
Table 1: Key ESG performance indicators
Economic PerformanceJune 30 ,
2021June 30,
2020June 30,
2019
Economic value generated and distributed (U.S. $’000):1 
Revenue 3,196,825 2,957 ,013 2,606,572
Cost of goods sold2 1,312,598 1,189,624 1,069,987
Salaries and wages 775,343 721,234 644,145
Interest paid to lenders 23,989 40,377 36,156
Taxes paid to governments3 409,157 111,414 114,255
Donations to research foundation 800 986 800
Donations to other community purposes 922 912 1,726
Investment in research and development 225,284 201,946 180,651
Environmental Performance
Total energy use (GJ) 166,618 153,668 128,136
Energy intensity (GJ/$Ms rev.) 52.1 52.0 49.2
Total scope I and II greenhouse gas emissions (tCO2e) 23,028 22,171 19,193
Significant NO, SO, and other air emissions 0 0 0
Total water withdrawal (kL)4  83,199 83,924 79,174
Percentage of waste recycled by weight5  53% 66% 60%
Paper use (sheets per person per year) 635 851 1,121
Monetary value of environmental fines and sanctions $0 $0 $0
Social performanceAnnual voluntary employee turnover
6  10.7% 8.55% 8.69%
Fatalities 0 0 0
Lost time injury rate (injuries per million employee hours) 1.91 2.66 2.84
Percentage senior (VP or above) executives, female7 27% 30% 32%
Material breaches of marketing and labeling regulations 0 0 0
Monetary value of fines and sanctions for production of 
market-related non-compliance$0 $0 $0
1 Detailed financial accounts are disclosed in our 2021 Annual Report
2 Includes all payments to third parties for materials and services used in production
3 Includes major income tax measures
4 Major sites Australia and the U. S. only
5 Global ex cl. Switzerland
6 Corrected voluntary turnover rates for 2019
7 Headcount data includes lately acquired MatrixCare for 2020 only . There is no change on female senior executive percentage in other 
entities
5   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
RESMED IN BRIEF
Founded in 1989, and headquartered in San Diego, California, USA, ResMed 
pioneers innovative solutions that treat and keep people out of the hospital, 
empowering them to live healthier, higher -quality lives. Our cloud-connected 
medical devices transform care for people with sleep apnea, COPD, and other 
chronic diseases. Our comprehensive out-of-hospital software platforms support 
the professionals and caregivers who help people stay healthy in the home or care 
setting of their choice. By enabling better care, we improve quality of life, reduce 
the impact of chronic disease, and lower costs for consumers and healthcare 
systems in more than 140 countries.
6   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
Locations and business
Our principal global operations and functional support team locations are summarized below.  
Our primary sites in San Diego and Sydney are owned while all other sites are leased.
T able 2: ResMed site locations
Regions Primary LocationsRegular,  
Fixed-
term and 
contingent   
employees8Roles
AmericasCalifornia: San Diego, Moreno Valley, ChatsworthGeorgia: Atlanta, Peachtree CornersKansas: Overland ParkMinnesota: Minneapolis Pennsylvania: MediaWisconsin: Paddock LakeNova Scotia: Halifax
3,030Administration, manufacturing, sales and marketing, quality, distribution, customer service, product development, software development
Asia PacificAustralia, China, India, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea3,572Administration, manufacturing, sales and marketing, quality, distribution, customer service, product development, IT shared services
EuropeFinland, France, Germany, Ireland, Norway, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,United Kingdom1,417Administration, distribution, customer service, sales andmarketing, quality
8 Employee headcount data pro-rated based on FTE %.
7   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Administration, product development, and distribution
ResMed ’s corporate headquarters is at its 230,000-square-foot facility in San Diego, California, USA. 
Further corporate hubs are at B ella 
Vista (Sydney), NS W, A ustralia; Atlanta, Georgia, USA; and Munich-
Martinsried, German y.
Our principal research and development center is in Sydne y, with further research conducted at 
Chatsworth, California, USA; Dublin, Ireland; Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada; Munich-Martinsried, 
Germany; and Singapore.
Distribution centers are located in Atlanta and Moreno Valley, California, USA; Roermond, 
Netherlands; Abingdon, UK; Basel, Switzerland; Lyon, France; and Bremen, Germany. Our German 
home healthcare services are managed from Martinsried and Gremsdorf.
Manufacturing operations
Our principal manufacturing operations occupy a 155,000-square-foot facility at our Sydney site and a 
299,000-square-foot facility in Singapore. Other manufacturing is currently undertaken at our 174,000-
square-foot assembly and distribution facility in Atlanta, Georgia, USA, as well as another 
manufacturing site in Suzhou, China. Further manufacturing is conducted at Lyon, France; Chatsworth, 
California, USA; and Johor Bahru, Malaysia.
United States, Canada, and Latin America 
represent 65% of net revenues
Europe and Asia Pacific represent 
approximately 35% of net revenuesRESMED SELLS ITS 
PRODUCTS IN MORE THAN 140 COUNTRIES65%35%
Sales and marketing
We currently market our products in more than 140 countries, using a network of distributors and 
our direct sales force. We tailor our marketing approach to each national market, based on regional 
awareness of sleep apnea as a health problem, physician referral patterns, consumer preferences and 
local reimbursement policies.
•United States, Canada, and Latin America represent approximately 65% of net revenues. Our
products are typically purchased by a home healthcare dealer who then sells our products to the
patient. The decision to purchase our products, as opposed to those of our competitors, is made or
influenced by one or more of the following individuals or organizations: the prescribing physician
and their staff; the home healthcare dealer; the insurer; and the patient. In the United States,
Canada, and Latin America, our sales and marketing activities are conducted through a field sales
organization made up of regional territory representatives, program development specialists and
regional sales directors. Our field sales organization markets and sells products to home healthcare
dealer branch locations throughout the United States, Canada, and Latin 
America.
•We also market our products directly to physicians and sleep clinics. Patients who are diagnosed
with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) or another respiratory condition and prescribed our products are
typically referred by the diagnosing physician or sleep clinic to a home healthcare dealer to fill 
the
prescription. The home healthcare dealer
, in consultation with the referring physician, will assist the
patient in selecting the equipment, fit the patient with the appropriate mask, and set the device
pressure to the prescribed level.
8   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
•Europe, Asia, and other markets represent approximately 35% of net revenues. We market our
products in most major countries in Europe, Asia, and other markets. We have wholly-owned
subsidiaries in Australia, Austria, China, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, India,
Ireland, Japan, Korea, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland,
 Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan,
Thailand, and the United Kingdom. We use a combination of our direct sales force and independent
distributors to sell our products in Europe, Asia, and other markets. We select independent
distributors in some countries based on their knowledge of respiratory medicine and a commitment
to sleep apnea therapy. In countries where we sell our
 products direct, a local senior manager is
responsible for direct national sales. In many countries, we sell our products to home healthcare
dealers or hospitals who then sell the products to the patients. 
In Germany , Australia, New Zealand,
and South Korea, we also operate home healthcare business models, in which we provide products
and services directly to patients.
We do not sell our SaaS solutions in Europe, Asia, and other markets.
Relevant awards
We have received the following recent awards relevant to our ESG performances:
Table 3: ResMed awards, 2019–2021
Year Award Recipient Awarded by
2021Americas Most Responsible 
CompaniesResMed
2021Top 100 Healthcare Technology 
Companies of 2021ResMed
2021Western Sydney Exporter Award 
for 2021 Premier’s NSW Export 
AwardsResMed
2021Role Model Leadership in 
TransformationKatrin Pucknat, 
ResMed Germany
2021 Top 75 Graduate Employers ResMed
2021Best in KLAS: Software & 
ServicesMatrixCare/
Brightree Home Health and Hospice EMR 
solution Winner
2021Top Companies 2021: The 25 
best workplaces to grow your 
career in AustraliaResMed
2021Top 100 Women in 
CommunicationsAmy Wakeham, 
ResMed
2021Top 100 Information Security 
ProfessionalsTodd Friedman, 
ResMed
2021 Medical Device IndustryResMed Asia with 
APCO Worldwide
2021Women of Influence 
Life SciencesDenise Hartsell, 
ResMed
2021 Canada’s Top 100 Employers ResMed Halifax 
ULC
20212021 Nonprofit and Corporate 
Citizenship AwardsResMed
9   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Newsweek, Statista
Healthcare Technology Report
Newsweek, Statista
Impact of Diversity 
Organization
The Australian Association of 
Graduate Employers
LinkedIn Australia
Ragan
OnCon Icon Award
SABRE Awards
San Diego Business Journal
Atlantic Canada's 
Top Employers
San Diego  
Business Journal
2021 "Management Top 250" ResMed The Wall Street Journal
Year Award Recipient Awarded by
2021Strategy 300: The World’s 
Leading IP StrategistsMichael Pinczuk, 
ResMed
2021 MedTech BreakthroughBrightree (Patient 
Collections)Best New Technology Solution 
for Healthcare Payment
2020 "Management Top 250 " ResMed
2020 2020 Change Leader of the Year Pernilla Medson, 
ResMed Sweden
20202020 HME Business New 
Product Award Brightree Brightree Mobile
2020 2020 Emerging Board LeaderResMed 
(Mick Farrell)San Diego Corporate Director’s 
Forum
2020SD500 – 500 of San Diego’s most 
influential peopleResMed 
(Mick Farrell & 
Rob Douglas)San Diego Business Journal
2020New Product Award for 
Best Business Technology – 
Specialized SolutionsBrightree HME Business
2020 Canada’ s Top 100 Employers ResMed
2020San Diego Large Public 
Company CEO of the YearResMed 
(Mick Farrell)San Diego Business Journal
2020Product Design Category 
(AirFit N30, F30i CPAP masks)ResMed Good Design Awards Australia
2020“San Diego 50” Leader of 
Change and ImpactResMed 
(Mick Farrell)San Diego Business Journal
2019“JUST 100” #1 Corporate 
Citizen in Healthcare & 
Equipment Services ResMed Forbes, JUST Capital
2019 Canada’ s Top 100 Employers ResMedAtlantic Canada’s Top 
Employers
2019Australia’s Top 100 
Graduate EmployersResMed Grad Australia
2019AAGE Top 75 Graduate 
EmployersResMedAustralian Association of 
Graduate Employers
2019 CanadaStop100 ResMed Nova Scotia’s Top Employers
2019 Best in KLAS MatrixCare Long-Term Care Software
2019New Product Awards: Best 
Complete HME Management 
SolutionBrightree HME Business
2019New Product Awards: Best 
Specialized Solution (Brightree 
Patient Hub App)Brightree HME BusinessT able 3: ResMed awards 2019–2021 (continued)
10   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
The Wall Street Journal
Atlantic Canada's Top 
EmployersIAM
Boyden
Year Award Recipient Awarded by
2019Best Overall Health 
Administration SoftwareBrightree MedTech Breakthrough Award
2019 Dealmaker of the Year ResMed Medtech Insight
2019 Top Workplace Propeller Wisconsin State Journal
2019Intelligent Health Association 
AwardPropellerDignity Health: improving 
patient care and health delivery
2019Best Overall Medical Device 
ProductResMedMedTech Breakthrough Award 
for AirMini
2019Product Design Category (AirFit 
N30i, F30i CPAP masks)ResMed Good Design Awards Australia
2019San Diego Large Company 
LeadershipResMed (Mick 
Farrell)San Diego Union-Tribune
2019 San Diego’s Top Workplace ResMed San Diego Union-Tribune
RELEVANT AWARDS
Top 100 Healthcare Technology  
Companies of 2021
2021 Nonprofit and Corporate  
Citizenship Awards
Newsweek’s Americas 2021  
Most Responsible CompaniesTop Companies 2021: The 25 best 
workplaces to grow your career in AustraliaT able 3: ResMed awards 2019–2021 (continued)
11   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

GOVERNANCE
Our corporate governance principles outline how we hold ourselves 
accountable to shareholders and other stakeholders. These principles 
address the operation of our board and its sub-committees, strategic and 
succession planning, and director qualifications.
12   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
Corporate governance
Our board has adopted corporate governance guidelines to assist in exercising its responsibilities 
in accordance with our constitution and all applicable laws and regulations. These include the 
regulations of the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the rules of both the New York 
Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), on which ResMed is listed. 
The guidelines are posted on our investor website, investo r.resmed.com. Our board will continue 
to evaluate its governance structures as ResMed ’s business evolves to ensure that we manage the 
business for the long-term interests of our shareholders and other stak eholders. A more detailed 
review of our governance is provided in our annual proxy statement to shareholders, issued under 
section 14(a) of the Securities Exc hange Act.
Governance structure
ResMed is governed by a board of 10 directors and through four standing board committees: Audit 
(5 directors), Compensation (4 directors), Compliance Oversight (4 directors), and Nominating and 
Governance (4 directors). Each committee is composed of independent directors.
Michael (“Mick”) Farrell has served as ResMed ’s chief executive officer and a member of the board 
of directors since March 2 013. Robert (“Rob”) Douglas was simultaneously appointed as ResMed ’s 
president, in addition to his continuing role as chief operating office r. Our founde r, Dr. Peter Farrell, is 
our non-executive chairman of the board. Ron Taylor serves as our lead independent director .
Our board members have a variety of backgrounds, which reflects our continuing efforts to 
achieve a diversity of viewpoints, experience, and knowledge as well as ethnicities and genders. 
Our board includes three female directors and three ethnically diverse directors.
AGE, GENDER, TENURE, AND DIVERSITY OF OUR BOARD
13   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

Board independence
Eight of our ten board members are independent under the listing standards of the NYSE, with no 
material commercial or personal relationship with ResMed that would impair their independence. 
Currently, our independent directors and their tenures are as follows: Mr. Rich Sulpizio and Mr. Ron 
Taylor since 2005; Ms. Carol Burt since 2013; Ms. Karen Drexler since November 2017; Ms. Harjit Gill 
since November 2018; Mr. Jan De Witte since May 2019, and Dr. John Hernandez and Dr. Desney 
Tan since November 2021 .
Our directors have diverse backgrounds and perspectives that enable them to provide valuable 
guidance on strategy and operations. They have extensive leadership experience, as well as corporate 
governance expertise arising from service on other boards of directors. Many have global business 
experience, including through service as CEO or in other senior corporate leadership positions 
involving management of complex operations, business challenges, risks, and growth. Two currently 
reside and work outside the U.S., and several others have done so in the past, providing valuable 
perspectives on our global business environment. All have experience with medical device, 
technology or product innovation and development, entrepreneurship, and the dynamics of our 
industry. Our directors have demonstrated involvement in their communities, having contributed to 
social causes through nonprofit organizations or philanthropy. 
Our newest directors exemplify the diverse perspectives on ResMed’s board: Both bring diverse 
perspectives to ResMed’s board:
•Dr. Tan has lived, worked, and led organizations across the globe. He is actively involved in
Microsoft’s Global Diversity and Inclusion community (serving as an ally, mentor, sponsor, initiativeleader, etc.) as well as its Asian Employee Resource Group (promoting the heritage of Asianethnicity by sharing cultures and languages, developing Asian leaders, and ensuring representationof diverse perspective in strategy, innovation, product development, and business operations).
13   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
•Diversity and health equity considerations play an important role in Dr. Hernandez’s work at Googlewhere he works closely with national experts in health diversity and product inclusion. Several of hisrecent initiatives have included specific objectives to promote health equity and improve access forvulnerable populations.
Our board is transitioning to annual elections for all directors. Our board previously was divided into 
three classes, with each class elected to serve a three-year term. Beginning with the annual meeting 
held in 2020, directors standing for election are elected for one-year terms. Directors elected to three-
year terms in 2019, before the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, will complete those terms in 
2022, with annual elections once their term expires. As a result, the entire board will be elected 
annually beginning with the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders.
There is no limit to the number of terms a director may serve, nor a set retirement age. The board has 
adopted a majority voting policy, under which an incumbent director who does not receive a majority 
of votes for re-election must tender a resignation to the board. The Nominating and Governance 
Committee, or another duly authorized committee of the board, will decide whether to accept or 
reject the tendered resignation, generally within 90 days after the election results are certified. 
The chair of the board’s Nominating and Governance Committee (currently Ron Taylor) also serves as 
our lead director. The lead director presides over meetings of our independent directors (generally 
held each quarter), acts as a liaison between the independent directors and chairman, communicates 
with stockholders as appropriate, and fulfills other duties that support sound corporate governance.
Under our corporate governance guidelines, directors have direct access to company management to 
secure the information they need for their duties
Board performance
Our board’s Nominating and Governance Committee has the delegated purposes of:
•Assuring  that the composition, practices, and operation of our board contribute to lasting value
creation and effective representation of our stockholders; and
•Assisting in selecting board and committee members, committee selection and rotation practices,
evaluating the board’s overall effectiveness, and reviewing and considering developments in
corporate governance practices.
The committee oversees an annual formal review of these matters, concentrating on the 
performance of the board as a whole, as well as that of individual members. The Nominating and 
Governance Committee follows a process of regularly reviewing board composition and board 
refreshment, with a long-term perspective, and maintains a database of desired director skills and 
experience. In each of the three fiscal years 2018, 2019, and 2020, we replaced one of our longest-
serving independent directors with a newly elected director, and  in 2021 we added two additional 
directors. The committee believes the independent directors now represent an appropriate balance of 
tenure. The performance of directors who are seeking re-election at the end of their three-year term 
is ultimately reviewed by stockholders through their votes at the annual stockholder meeting. Our 
independent directors review the performance of the chief executive officer at least annually.
Board and executive remuneration
Our board’s Compensation Committee reviews cash compensation, benefits, perquisites, and equity 
compensation of directors and executives, including target and actual short-term incentives.
The committee’s in-depth review of director and executives’ compensation is published in our proxy 
statement  to stockholders before ResMed’s annual general meetings. The principles governing our 
executive compensation program include:
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
•Pay-for-performance. Pay-for-performance, alignment with stockholder interests, and largely
at-risk compensation are the cornerstones of our compensation program. A significant portion of 
our executives’ compensation is at-risk and tied to the achievement of pre-established short-term 
corporate financial objectives through our annual cash incentive programs that our corporate 
officers earn based on achieving our corporate goals for adjusted net sales and adjusted operating 
profit, weighted equally. These two measures represent fundamental financial metrics: top-line 
sales and bottom-line profit. Our executives in charge of a business unit have 60% of their 
incentive opportunity tied to achieving set goals for the same metrics at the business unit level and 
the remaining 40% tied to the corporate goals. All payouts are determined in accordance with 
these objective performance metrics. For fiscal year 2021, named executive officer payouts ranged 
from 115% to 120% of target cash incentive opportunity, with no discretion applied to the amount 
paid, reflecting our strong performance.
 
14   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
•Provide market-competitive cash compensation. Our objective is to provide a target total
compensation program that is competitive with similarly sized U.S.-based public companies in the
medical device and medical technology industries with which we compete for executive talent. 
The
committee reviews benchmark data for the individual and the group as a whole but does not target a
specific benchmark level. For our executives, total target compensation should reflect a 
relatively
lower emphasis on salary and a higher percentage of pay at risk in the form of an annual 
cash
incentive. The committee’
s target cash compensation guidelines are broad, to better recognize
individual situations, and also allows us to reflect the fact that we set challenging targets for our
incentive programs.
•Make informed decisions. The committee has retained FW Cook, Inc., an independent
compensation consultant, to advise the committee with respect to compensation matters for
executive officers, and to perform a comprehensive market analysis of our executive compensation
program, pay levels, and relative operating performance. FW Cook performs no work for us other
than providing executive compensation consulting services to the committee.
•Stockholder approval. At our annual stockholder meetings in 2019, 20 20 , and 202 1, our
stockholders approved, on an advisory basis, our executive compensation with the following shares
voted in support:
2021 2020 2019
Votes “for” say-on-pay, as a percentage of 
total shares, voted88.85% 91.33% 88.51%
THE BEST PROTECTION OF INTEGRITY 
IS TO INSTILL A CU LTURE THAT 
VA
LUES HONESTY AND ETHICS: DOING 
WHAT’S RIGHT EVERY D AY; RE LYING 
ON OUR PEOPLE’S GOOD JUDGMENT 
AND SENSE OF FAIRNESS; REPORTING 
UNETHICAL B EHAVIOR; A ND TAKING 
APPROPRIATE ACTION.
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
15   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
Risk and ESG oversight
While our full board retains general risk oversight, our board committees oversee particular risks, 
periodically updating the full board. The primary risk responsibilities for the committees are:
Audit CommitteeOverseeing financial risk, capital risk, financial compliance risk, code of conduct, ethics and legal compliance, and internal controls over financial reporting.
Compensation CommitteeOverseeing our compensation philosophy and practices and evaluating the balance between risk-taking and rewards to senior officers.
Compliance Oversight Committee
Overseeing compliance with U.S. federal 
healthcare laws and regulations, and 
specifically obligations under the corporate 
integrity agreement we reached in 2019.
Nominating and Governance CommitteeEvaluating each director’s independence, 
evaluating the effectiveness of our corporate 
governance guidelines, and overseeing 
management’s succession planning.
Oversight of general business risks, including but not limited to material environmental and social 
risks, is retained by the full board. A company-wide business risk analysis is undertaken periodically by management.
The following ESG-related risks are among those that face the business:
•Government and private insurance plans may not adequately reimburse our customers for our
products;
•Health care reform policies and legislation, including the US Patient Protection, the Affordable Care
Act, and changes to the U .S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 510(k) process may have material
adverse effects on our industry and our results of operations; and
•Other changes to the FDA ’s quality and testing standards, and failure to comply promptly with those
standards, may have an adverse effect on our business.
These are in addition to standard business risks such as threats from competition, fluctuations in 
currency exchange rates, the challenge of supporting continued growth and business acquisitions, 
disruptions to supply, and intellectual property claims (see our latest annual report).
Business integrity
The best protection of integrity is to instill a culture that values honesty and ethics: doing what ’s right 
every day; relying on our people ’s good judgment and sense of fairness; reporting unethical behavior; 
and taking appropriate action. All our directors, officers, and employees are nonetheless guided by 
our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics, which is published on our website. The code summarizes 
the compliance and ethical standards we expect of our people, the procedures for any suspected 
breach, and the consequences of any substantiated breach. The code also constitutes ResMed’s 
code of ethics under U. S. law and the New York Stock Exchange’s listing standards. It deals with 
conflicts of interest; confidential information; fair dealing with customers, suppliers, and competitors; 
and compliance with financial reporting, insider trading, and other financial market regulations.
16   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
The code is not intended to be a comprehensive rulebook and cannot address all situations that may 
arise. It provides contacts for the company’s ethics compliance officer and our global general counsel should any employee require assistance beyond an immediate supervisor. Where permissible , we also have a toll-free hotline to an independent company for employees or others who want to speak up but prefer to remain anonymous. The code prohibits retaliation against any employee who has taken action in good faith to seek help on or report a suspected breach of the code.
ALL EMPLOYEES ARE REQUIRED TO 
UNDERTAKE BUSINESS ETHICS TRAINING RELEVANT TO THEIR POSITION AND DEVELOPED BY OUR LEGAL ADVISERS, USING OUR ONLINE LEARNING MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FACILITY WHERE AVAILABLE AND AUGMENTED BY FACE-TO-FACE TRAINING WHERE IT IS NOT.
Ethics and corruption
We are committed to a strong ethics and compliance cult ure. We do not tolerate actions or behaviors 
that are inconsistent with our values or violate the ResMed Code of Conduct or applicable laws and 
regulations.
The code insists on compliance with laws and regulations covering bribery and gratuities, political 
contributions, medical sales, and kickbacks. Under the code, client entertainment should not exceed 
reasonable and customary business practices where allowed, and in any case, employees should not 
provide entertainment or other benefits that could be viewed as an inducement to or a reward for 
customer purchase decisions. Facilitating and expediting payments are prohibited unless pre-approved 
by legal counsel.
All employees are required to undertake business ethics training relevant to their position and 
developed by our legal advisers, using our online Learning Management System facility where 
available and augmented by face-to-face training where it is not. Many positions receive additional 
guidance materials and competency training – for example, to ensure compliance with the U.S. 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act, and the Australian Competition and Consumer 
Act.
In many jurisdictions, compliance officers have been assigned and trained, and compliance guides 
published. We have appointed a global corporate compliance office r, who reports directly to our chief 
ex
ecutive office r, with an additional direct reporting line to the board’s audit committee and corporate 
compliance committee. In certain jurisdictions, we also have appointed local compliance officers or 
local compliance committees.
We take seriousl y, investigate, and respond appropriately to any potential breaches of our code or 
of other obligations. Internal audits of compliance standards, processes, practices, behaviors, and 
outcomes continue throughout the business as inf
ormed by our enterprise-wide risk assessments 
with oversight from our board ’s Audit Commit tee. We revise the subject matter of audit and training as 
part of the annual planning for internal audit and our controls and compliance process, and additionally 
on the advice of our legal counsel and external advisers.
17   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

Political transparency
ResMed ’s Code of Conduct prohibits political contributions by the company or by employees on 
behalf of the company, except as approved in advance by the chief executive officer, and subject to 
review by the company’
s global general counsel. During fiscal year 2021, we did not make any political 
contributions.
Intellectual property
We rely on a combination of patents, designs, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and non-
disclosure agreements to protect our proprietary technology and rights. Some of these patents, patent 
applications, and designs relate to significant aspects and features of our products. We believe the 
combination of these rights, in aggregate, are of material importance to each of our businesses. 
Through our various subsidiaries, as of the date of this report, we own or have licensed rights to over 
8,500 patents and designs that are either granted, allowed, or pending. Patents and designs have 
various statutory terms based on the legislation in individual jurisdictions which may be subject to 
change.
Of our patents, 598 U.S. patents and 1,423 foreign patents are due to expire in the next five years. 
We believe that the expiration of these patents will not have a material adverse impact on our 
competitive position.
+8,500WE OWN OR HAVE LICENSED RIGHTS 
TO OVER 8,500 PATENTS AND 
DESIGNS THAT ARE EITHER GRANTED, 
ALLOWED, OR PENDING.
18   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

We are committed to building and fostering an extraordinary culture of belonging, 
inclusion, and diversity, where every ResMedian does their best work to serve our 
mission of empowering millions of people to live healthier and higher-quality lives.OUR PEOPLE
19   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
Our people are key to our growth strategy: our ability to improve 250 million lives in 2025 is reliant 
on the strength of our people and the culture we build together . We offer best-practice, market 
competitive programs, and benefits to attract, develop, and reward ResMedians around the world. We 
provide multiple learning programs to enhance organizational capability and provide our people with 
the opportunity to invest in their own professional growth. We actively listen to our people’s feedback 
and measure their engagement through biannual pulse surveys to ensure we empower all 
ResMedians to strive towards positive organizational outcomes. We continue to drive more efficient 
and higher quality digitally
 enabled processes to create an exceptional experience through our 
people’s employment lifecycle with ResMed.
Our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics and other formal policies on workplace behavior, 
discrimination,
 and harassment, health and safety, career development, and employee benefit 
programs help reinforce an environment and culture that supports and encourages our people to 
be the best the
y can be. Compliance with environmental, safet y, and labor standards are integral 
to our operational ethos and our business integrit y. Comprehensive internal communications and 
consultation support those standards and their att
ainment. Our measures of safet y, remuneration, 
and employee engagement are strong while our rate of employ
ee turnover is in line with or lower than 
industry benchmarks.
Our workforce comprises over 8,000 people (including contingent workers), of which over 80% 
are full-time employees, working across multiple geographies around the w orld. We generally use 
contingent staff services for specialized, or during peak times in our manufacturing and production 
teams. The number of contingent staff varies significantly based on seasonal demands.
Table 4.1: ResMed’ s people by employment type, as of 30 June 2021
Employment Type %
Regular (full time and part-time) and Fixed-term headcount 85.7
External temporary headcount (agency temps, consultants, and contingent 
workers)14.3
T able 4.2: ResMed’s people (regular and fixed-term employment only) by gender as 
of 30 June 2021
Total Full time MaleMale Full 
timeFemaleFemale Full 
time
Total 7 ,462 95% 3,429 99% 4,004 92%
Americas 2,849 99% 1,328 99% 1,519 98%
Asia-Pacific 3,158 95% 1,437 99% 1,718 94%
EMEA 1,455 83% 664 96% 767 74%
-  Headcount information about gender is not available for seasonal or other contingent workforce, therefore table above excludes them. 
-  Not all employees disclose gender or select 'Male' or 'Female' so 'Male' and 'Female' totals may not sum up to total reported regular 
and fixed-term headcount.we are
all leaders
we own ResMed’s 
purpose; we lead 
and inspire self, 
teams, business 
and industrywe are
team
players
we always put 
ResMed first and 
collaborate as 
teams to drive 
resultswe are
innovative
we solve big 
problems, are 
agile, always 
curious, think 
critically and drive 
changewe are
customer
obsessed
we seek to 
understand our 
customers and 
create world 
leading solutionswe are
inclusive
we respect 
diversity of 
people, thought 
and freely express 
our ideas
20   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Diversity and Inclusion
At ResMed, equal opportunity is integral to our People practices for us to develop, attract, and 
recognize our amazing people, who represent our diverse global customer base in 140 nations 
worldwide. We do not tolerate any discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, colo r, creed, 
gender, religion, marital status, age, ancestry
, disability or medical condition, sexual orientation, 
military status, ethnicity, socioeconomic background, or any other personal characteristic or unlawful 
consideration. 
Being inclusive is a core competency of all ResMedians – our goal is to respect and embrace diversity 
of thought, and diversity of back grounds. We are continuously evolving our culture to encourage 
people to bring their whole selves to work and actively encourage freedom to express views so the 
best strategies, tactics, and ideas are heard and become part of our mission.
Our board and executive team recognize the importance of an inclusive and diverse workforce and 
are fully supportive of our commitment to fair and equitable People practices, including pay equit y. 
We maintain programs to support equity and diversity with an annual review and action plan, through 
which we aim to achieve desired levels of diversit y.
Our policy is to hire, promote, retain, de
velop, and otherwise treat all our people on the basis of 
performance, capabilities, qualifications, competence, and e xperience. We apply this policy regardless 
of an employee’s gender, race, color, creed, religion, marital status, age, ancestry, disability or medical 
condition, sexual orientation, military status, ethnicity, socioeconomic background, or any other 
personal characteristics.
We have a dedicated Global Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) Director who is responsible for leading 
our global D&I initiatives including a Global D&I Council. Over the last couple of years through our 
D&I journey, we have made progress in a number of areas with the organic formation of Employee 
Resource Groups (ERGs)- Black Excellence, LEAN, ResPect, HoLA, and RISE each with an executive 
sponsor from our core CEO Operations team and is represented at the Global D&I Council. 
We 
encourage all ResMedians to get involved in causes that matter to them and support these ERGs in 
driving positive change together.
Key inclusion and diversity initiatives
Our values of belonging, inclusion, and diversity for success enable us to unlock the strengths of our 
people to transform healthcare and improve lives. This year was pivotal with the hiring of a D&I 
Director and the official establishment and support of a practice of BIDS (Belonging, Inclusion, and 
Diversity for Success). The team is U.
S.-based and delivers global programming and operates 
horizontally across all business verticals.
Community Building through Employee Resource Groups. R
esMed places a high value on 
inclusion-building initiatives that create opportunities around cultural awareness and social learnings. 
This is largely done through our employee resource groups (ERGs), supported by employees with 
diverse backgrounds, experiences, or characteristics who share a common interest in professional 
development, improving corporate culture and delivering sustained business results. 
53%
OF OUR PEOPLE ARE 
FEMALE EMPLOYEES
21   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Early 2021, BIDS introduced the Mosaic concept to its global workforce. A Mosaic is a group of 
emplo
yees that collectively focus on local and culturally appropriate inclusion-building needs as well as 
promote and partner with the ERGs. Mosaics are great for smaller offices. Ireland ’s workforce came 
together to form the company’
s first-ever Mosaic and have since done its own events like a “Walking 
Tour of Dublin, ” and a panel showcasing all the faiths and cultures in the office, as well as events for 
PRIDE, International 
Women’s Day, and others.
ResMed ’s ERG chapters operate globally and by June 2021 there were nine groups for employees 
to consider: Blac k, Asia-American-Pacific Islande r, LGBTQIA+, Hispanic and Latin, Veterans, Women, 
Women in Sales, Parents, and the Mosaic Group in Ireland. The groups have engaged in varied events 
throughout the year that created opportunities to learn and grow professionally and personally and 
expand their understandings of one anothe r. Initiatives included guest speakers, authors, internal 
leadership panels, book clubs, networking sessions, listening sessions, professional development 
workshops and mentorship programs. The ERGs also sponsored external events, like the San Diego 
Latin and PA C Arts Film Festiv als. The groups came together to co-promote global initiatives like 
International Women ’s Da y, Hispanic Heritage Month, Asian-Pacific Islander Awareness Month, Black 
History Month, PRIDE, and more.
BIDS formed a Global Council made up of representatives from across the regions and business. 
Employees could apply to join or were nominated by their ERG/Mosaic B oard. The Council was 
responsible for promoting events across the compan y, ideating on appropriate initiatives, and advising 
the Director of Div
ersity on the greater strategy and approach.
BIDS itself partnered with the North San Diego Business Chamber to create opportunities for ERG 
members and employees to engage in events around the city and list job openings on their internal job 
board. In addition, it sponsored the following events for brand awareness and community outreach:
•PinkFest in Singapore providing mentorship and speakerships for LGBTQIA outreach and recr
uiting;
•Athena San Diego’s first annual summit on Diversity & Inclusion entitled “Lif
ting While Climbing”
alongside other large local employers in San Diego
•National Society of Black Engineers San Diego Tech & Net
working Session for brand awareness and
recruiting
•Supported AdvaMed’s MedTec
h Vets affinity group as a company participant and networked with
prospective candidates, extending an offer for an internship.
•A Community Health & Tech Fest put on b
y Black Tech Link and the National Society of Black
Engineers (NSBE) alongside 40+ companies and organizations raising awareness about ResMed
•STEM hackathon at the San Diego All-Girls High School, Our Lady of Peace (OLP) and ser
ved as a
judge and engaged ERG members to volunteer
Learning & Development of D&I Values. ResMed leaders across the organization work directly with 
the D&I Director to identify and provide relevant awareness training for their teams. From November 
2020 to June 2021, 26 trainings were carried across the company impacting 7% of the employees 
worldwide. Sessions covered foundational topics like the value of a diversity and inclusion practice, 
unconscious bias, leading inclusively, cultural awareness, and leading inclusive meetings. The 
department also prepared to launch enterprise-wide days of learnings across each region so that 
employees can engage in trainings and debrief with one another in networking listening sessions 
after.
Workplace Inclusion Building. The D&I Director has worked closely with the Compliance team to 
update ResMed policies in regional Codes of Conduct and the company Employee Handbook to 
update bathroom and anti-racism policies. ResMed has installed g ender-neutral restrooms,
22   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
nursing mother’s rooms, and expectant mother parking spots at four U.S. locations. In the San Diego 
office, quiet rooms are being installed to provide a space for employees to reflect, meditate, and/or 
pray, etc.  Additionally, ResMed’s IT and SaaS leaders are working with the D&I Director in assessing 
its language within its source code and platforms to ensure that is inclusive and does not perpetuate 
any racist stereotypes – eliminating the usage of “master and slave code” as a starting point.
Leadership Engagement. C-Suite Executives, alongside the COO and CEO, receive quarterly updates 
on their organization’s diversity data and company-wide inclusion-building efforts. Many leaders have 
accepted invitations to serve one-year terms as Executive Sponsors and have stepped into a 
champion and mentorship role with their respective ERGs.  Additionally, the CEO and senior leaders 
across the organization have diversity and inclusion objectives embedded in their quarterly goals 
through the practice of setting Objectives and Key Results (OKRs). Leaders work with the D&I 
Director to identify the right OKRs for their team to help accelerate  learning and engagement.
Sourcing & Recruiting. BIDS trained all sourcers and recruiters on how to expand current sourcing 
strategies and identified external partnerships to yield a more diverse pipeline. The department forged 
new relationships with the National Black MBA Association, Athena San Diego, Easter Seals, 
AdvaMed, MedTech Color, Girls Who Code, and the Service Academy Career Conference to expand 
the available resume pool. Toolkits were provided to recruiters and hiring managers on how to talk 
about ResMed’s culture and the developing efforts in building diversity and fostering an inclusive 
culture.
In addition, Talent Acquisition and BIDS built a diversity dashboard to better understand company 
metrics and data points around global applicants, candidates in the process, and its current workforce. 
Disability Provisions. At the end of 2020, the Compliance and BIDS team launched a Self-ID 
campaign asking employees to indicate their disability status in order to better understand internal 
population needs. After a three-week campaign across the United States, there was an 86% increase 
in participation, and improved data was collected. The privacy policy was updated to consider 
accessibility needs and a resource page was created on the intranet with all information on 
accessibility and accommodations was created for all employees across the company to understand 
what services are available to them. For the first time in 31 years, the company celebrated Disability 
Employee Awareness Month with multiple guest speakers and leadership engagement. Talks are 
underway for starting an ERG for differently-abled individuals, focusing on all capabilities, mental 
health, neurodiversity, including caregivers.
Mentorship.  Three mentorship programs launched this year driven by the ERGs and BIDS. The 
programs were global and focused on women and under-represented minorities. The mentorships 
collectively engaged around 150 employees at all levels, mainly in the United States and Singapore. 
BIDS engaged the Center of Mentoring Excellence in Seattle, Washington, USA, to lead a workshop 
on effective mentorships and for inspiring material to empower and enable participants to optimize 
their experience.
Floating Holiday. The company has formalized Juneteenth as an official Floating Holiday in the U.S., 
encouraging employees to take the day off for reflection and outreach.
New Leadership. ResMed expanded its Board this past year (during the fiscal year 2022 period) with 
two new members that added immense value due to their diverse perspectives and life experiences. 
One, a Microsoft executive, served in the Singapore military, has extensive global experience, and 
championed D&I as a sponsor and member of ERGs and the D&I community at Microsoft. The second 
board member is a Google e xecutive who has worked closely with national experts in health diversity 
and product inclusion. He has worked on numerous initiatives promoting health equity and improving 
access for vulnerable populations. ResMed is proud to have more diversity in experience on the 
Board.
23   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Gender diversity
We have multiple initiatives and programs to promote and accelerate gender diversity and are 
committed to diversity of our board of directors through strategic board refreshment efforts. Of the 
last six appointments, three appointments have been female directors. Currently we have three 
highly qualified women on the ten-member board. With 30% of the ResMed board represented by 
women, we rank in the top 20% for S&P 500 companies. Table 5 below shows the percentage of our 
employees who are f
emale at four levels of seniorit y. These statistics change from year to year as 
individuals join, are promoted into, and/or leave at various levels.
Table 5: Emplo yee g ender profile, by seniority band (global) by headcount
Executives  
VP and aboveSenior Mid-Junior Production
Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female
2021 71% 29% 65% 35% 43% 57% 21% 79%
2020 70% 30% 65% 35% 44% 56% 18% 82%
2019 68% 32% 65% 35% 44% 56% 20% 80%
We offer an engineering career pathway that provides supportive coaching and mentoring programs 
targeting high-potential female employees and engineering students, sponsorship of the Women 
in Engineering group and Lucy Mentoring Program in Australia, STEM workshops for high school 
girls to encourage girls at an early age to pursue STEM in their careers and paid participation in the 
Athena Group for female professionals in San Diego. For our senior female leaders, we participate in 
the G100 Women’s Leadership Network to provide accelerated learning, leadership and connection 
opportunities and help our female employees to develop their skills, succeed in executive roles and 
ensure diverse representation of females each year in the selection of participants for our internal 
leadership programs.
There is no distinction in ResMed employment benefits based on gende r. We provide paid and unpaid 
parental leave to all employees who meet eligibility criteria in accordance with or above relevant state 
and/or federal laws. Over the last three years, we have significantly enhanced our parental leave 
policies across our major employment hubs of Australia and the U.S. We offer reduced working hours 
for mothers returning to work, where possible, and provide appropriate first aid and breast-feeding 
areas for working mothers. In addition, we have also formally introduced flexible working policies 
including, but not limited to, job shares, alternative rostering, part-time employment options and 
w
orking from home.
To ensure that we foster a culture of belonging, inclusion, and diversity we actively encourage forums 
that promote open and honest conversation on the topic of gender diversit y. These forums include 
board of director member roundtable discussions, internal online social networking discussions, 
employee resources groups and large group panel discussions with leaders who wish to inspire and 
connect with others to support the next generation of ResMed women. These forums are about 
women and men encouraging and supporting w
omen; listening and understanding what matters 
most to our people; giving back and helping others; removing barriers if they exist and addressing 
challenges togethe r, so that we can all bring our best selves to work.
People Development
Goals and Development
At the start of each fiscal year, senior leaders collaborate across ResMed to set “objectives and key 
results” (OKRs).  These are important, near-term execution priorities for the coming quarter to ensure 
alignment with ResMed’s long-term growth strategy. ResMed teams then set meaningful cascaded 
24   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
goals for themselves and their teams in discussion with their people leaders. 
We believe high-performing teams make performance and development discussions a regular habit.  
These conversations set clear expectations and focus on ways to leverage our peoples’ strengths, improve impact, navigate evolving/competing priorities and provide perspectives to help people grow, develop and reach their goals. This includes regular check-ins between team members and their people leaders with a development focus.
T alent Management
We think about talent as an ecosystem, where all information flows together, providing the foundation to have the right people and capabilities to meet current and future business goals.  We have an approach that helps identify changing leadership and capability needs across the business, reduces gaps in talent for critical roles and ensures development is correctly focused. Key steps to this approach include the following on a regular basis:
•Workforce planning to identify critical roles and future capability needs;
•Understanding abilities and aspirations of our people based on ongoing discussions, regular check-
ins, and career conversations;
•Talent assessment/calibration based on impact and potential with feedback from others and building
development options;
•Succession Planning for key roles; and
•Development discussions led by people leaders .
Development discussions
We encourage our people to think about areas of opportunity that will help them succeed in their role 
and in contributing towards ResMed’s strategy, outline what needs to be accomplished, and use the core competencies to discuss how to achieve these. 
Development is all about learning and we know there are different ways to learn and obtain new 
skills. The 70:20:10 model helps our People think about ways of effective learning and using a variety of options to create a holistic development plan. We encourage all ResMedians to own their own development, actively seek our opportunities or stretch assignments, and to not just think about development as manager-led. At ResMed, we are all leaders.
We have career and development pathways designed for specific roles in consultation with their 
operational management and learning and development specialists. We encourage our people to take advantage of online, on-campus, and tertiary learning avenues. We also provide financial support for education or training across many of our markets, when appropriate.70%
Experiential: Learning through experiences and from challenging work assignments20%
Collaboration: Learning by working with others (e.g. colleagues, coaches, mentors) to gain new perspectives10%
Formal T raining: Learning through coursework and/or supplemental reading
25   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
We provide online courses that are role-specific, with formal tracking of employee completion and 
performance. Online and face-to-face courses on operational compliance issues are developed and 
delivered in-house. Online compliance courses on ResMed’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, 
diversity, U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and health and safety are developed by our Learning 
and Development team with external subject-matter advisers. 
MyLearning was launched to provide a simplified online system, with access to on-demand 
knowledge databases and training material, anytime anywhere.
In summar y, our people development approach enables: 
•A deeper understanding of our talent;
•A focus on how we can grow, retain or move talent;
•Discussion and commitment to 70/20/10 development options;
•Visibility of how we can share talent to fill gaps;
•Better conversations on the ‘what’ and the ‘how’ with team
members;
•A stronger understanding of our people’s abilities and aspirations;
•A fair and consistent assessment of impact and potential;
•Succession plans for our most critical roles; and
•Commitment to talent action plans.
Hiring policies and practices
We believe hiring is a team sport, or rather finding and engaging the best talent is everyone ’s 
responsibilit y. Our hiring philosophy focuses on finding, assessing, and hiring great talent to achieve 
our business strategy with a focus on recr
uitment excellence and ensuring D&I practices are 
embedded in our practices. We start by recognizing the value of our internal talent and then use 
strategic sourcing and our understanding of talent scarcity to analyze and fill the gaps. Our approach is 
to provide a personalized experience to engage top talent, work to strengthen our employment brand, 
and promote our extraordinary culture. 
As per our commitment to diversity and inclusion, we make a conscious effort to reach out to 
underrepresented candidates based on the current team composition to ensure more balanced 
representation on shortlists that increases the probability of hiring more diverse t alent. We hire great 
talent on the basis of performance, capabilities, qualifications, competence, and experience regardless 
of a candidate’s gender, race, color, creed, religion, marital status, age, ancestry, disability or medical 
condition, sexual orientation, military status, ethnicity, socioeconomic background or any other 
personal characteristics. 
Graduate and Internship Programs
A significant part of our talent strategy across a few of our key sites (Sydne y, Singapore, and San 
Diego) is delivered through our Graduate and Internship programs. 
These programs aim to build multi-
generational diversity and create talent pipelines for future leaders across our organization, whilst 
giving back to the student community through providing real-life work opportunities in various parts 
of our business. The success of these programs has been exceptional with a number of key leaders 
across the globe having joined ResMed via this pathwa y.
We offer multi-discipline opportunities in Engineering and key corporate business areas including 
Marketing, Finance, I T, Medical Affairs, and Qualit y. The duration and offering of each of the programs 
varies, with a common aim to cultivate strong relationships with diverse early career talent and help 
26   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
facilitate seamless entry into the work environment for undergraduate and graduate talent. Our 
Australia program has been recognized in the Top 100 Graduate Employers for the last 4 years. We have great partnerships with world-class universities that participate in our Graduate and Internship programs, some of which are:
•
MIT (Massachusetts Instit
ute of Technology) LGO (Leaders for Global Operations) program for
students is their MBA dual degree program.
•NTU (Nanyang T
echnological University) REP (Renaissance Engineering Program) is to develop future
engineering leaders who finish with a Bachelor Degree in Engineering Science and Masters in
Technological Management.
•UNSW (University of New South Wales, Sydney) partnerships, including the Peter Farrell Cup (PFC).This is UNSW’s most prestigious competitive ideas program that is designed to fast-track the nextgeneration of entrepreneurs and start-ups.
Employee engagement and listening
We actively listen to our people ’s feedback and measure their engagement using regular surveys 
throughout the employee lifecycle to ensure we motivate our people to invest their energy towards 
positive organizational outcomes.
We enable our people to comment anonymously and freely on matters related to their employment 
experience, including pay equity . There is an active program following these engagement surveys 
to share findings openly throughout the company, and to put in place action plans at global and local 
levels to address priority issues. In addition, we actively engage in social listening with our people 
through a variety of internal avenues such as our global all-hands discussions with our CEO Operations 
team and other senior leaders regularly.
We also perform regula r, specific, and localized surveys, and facilitate focus groups to ensure we 
monitor and capture our employee engagement and attitudes during periods where a global survey is 
not conducted. This dual approach allows us to identify and address specific local issues under a global 
framework in the most efficient manne r. The surveys cover attitudes to our leadership and strateg y, 
communication and inv
olvement, and individual, team, and company perf ormance. Where comparable 
benchmarks are available, our results are evaluated against international peer groups.
Work-life balance and flexible working
We support our people and their families with flexible working arrangements, paid time-off, and 
consideration in rostering. Paid time off varies with local conditions but is generally available for sick 
leave, parental-community-care provider leave, bereavement leave, volunteer emergency services, 
and military service where required by local laws. Our parental leave policies are well above minimum 
legal requirements and very market-competitive in two key locations with a high number of 
employees in Australia and the U.S. 
27   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Additional unpaid leave is available for a range of other personal reasons such as elderly care. 
We maintain a significant community volunteering program that allows our people to integrate 
volunteering into their lives with the support of the company and in some countries provide voluntee r-
work related paid time-off. 
In April 2020 we also introduced a temporary COVID-19-related benefit providing a continuation 
of income of up to 10 normal working day s. This support was available to our people who may be 
confirmed or suspected with COVID-19, may have a family member who lives with them confirmed 
or suspected with COVID-19, or were required to provide care for someone infected who lives with 
them. This benefit was also available for people who were not able to work from home or where 
temporary site reductions were in place. This was to provide global support, certaint y, and continuity 
of income during a difficult time without dipping into accrued leave balances. Additionall y, this actively 
supported the health and wellbeing of our people who w
ere in critical line roles to build or deliver 
ventilators during the pandemic that could not be done from home. 
We enabled flexible rostering in many countries that has enabled a high proportion of our employees 
to remain full-time. Part-time transitions have been made available for parents returning from parental 
leave and, in some cases, for our people to pursue higher education. We are encouraging more flexible 
working ar
rangements such as job-share arrangements and condensed week options, where roles 
allow. 
We have learning modules available on how to have better conversations about flexible working and 
leading flexible teams to foster our culture of trust, flexibilit y, and agilit y.
Impact of CO
VID-19 Pandemic
The wellbeing and safety of our people is always of utmost priority for R esMed. With the COVID-19 
pandemic affecting all of us globall y, we have very quickly adapted to new digital and innovative ways 
of working to ensure w
e continue to minimize risks to our people. We introduced a variety of work 
arrangements that vary by country considering (i) government responses and the risk to our people & 
community (ii) viability of remote working and (iii) business continuit y.
In most countries, we strongly encouraged and required all people (>90% of our workforce) whose 
roles can be done effectively from the safety of their homes to do so. Our IT teams provided all 
necessary equipment and digital connectivity to ensure we could implement this remote work 
shift efficiently and effectively with minimal business impact. With some of our roles, such as 
manufacturing, warehousing, distribution, and technical services, where remote work isn’t viable we 
implemented additional adaptive measures to ensure the safety of our people and business continuit y.
Through the second and third w
aves of COVID-19, we expect to be in this virtual world for some time 
to come, with different countries moving through shifts in social norms at varied paces. We have 
built very comprehensive guidance including risk assessments which we are working through as we 
prepare to open our sites in phases. As our offices gradually open we will continue to build and foster 
our culture of trust, flexibilit y, and agility with People leaders expected to have conversations with their 
teams and People to understand what flexibility means for their People and accordingly shape the 
future of work arrangements with them.
Whilst we expect remote working to stay (67% of our people told us that they would like this with 
their ideal future work arrangement), our people still feel they are missing the in-person connections, 
casual corridor chats, experiencing zoom-fatigue, and struggling to disconnect. Accordingl y, we are 
mindful to communicate and connect with our people regularly, whilst pro
viding ideas on how to 
set boundaries for themselves, having flexibility-related conversations, encouraging time-off, and 
considering temporary alternate work arrangements such as condensed week schedule, part-time 
hours, etc.
To encourage our focus on wellbeing we have continued our ResMed Day company-wide wellbeing 
holiday this year to enable a long weekend for all our people to unwind and focus on themselves and 
their loved ones.
28   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Compensation and Benefits
Our compensation philosophy is to reinforce and align with our mission, business strategy, and 
financial needs as we grow. In alignment with our culture, we strive to communicate openly about our strategic priorities, company goals, and our approach to compensation. Our compensation processes are intended to be fair and simple so that all our people understand the goals and outcomes of the processes.
Equal opportunity and pay equity are integral to our pay philosophy. We provide market-competitive 
compensation and benefits, based on benchmarking surveys we conduct regularly for all position levels against relevant peer companies to attract, retain and motivate great talent. Our annual and long-term incentive packages are linked directly to business and individual performance, with a balance of short- and long-term financial and strategic objectives. We have an employee stock purchase plan in addition to formal service awards. Eligibility for non-salary benefits (examples: salary continuance, life insurance, health insurance, and similar benefits) follows local regulations and practices.
We take a thorough approach to ensuring pay equity within our compensation programs and, to this 
end, have monitoring and other internal processes in place to assist the company in identifying and addressing any potential pay equity issues and make adjustments where appropriate. Outlined below are key practices included in our approach to ensure pay equity. We are confident that our approach helps prevent statistically significant pay gap issues, including with respect to gender:
•
Global grading framework;
•Global review process;
•Reviews f
or all eligible employees; and
•Multiple channels to report pay equity issues
T
able 6 below shows the percentage of our female employees at four levels of seniority and their 
average salaries compared to male salaries at these levels. These statistics change from year to year 
as individuals join, are promoted into, and/or leave at various levels. As individuals enter more senior levels, they are likely to be at or below the mid- point of the applicable compensation range for the position compared with those who have held a similar position at the same level for a longer period of time.
T able 6: Employee gender profile globally, by seniority band
Executives  
VP and aboveSenior Mid-Junior Production
Female Salary Female Salary Female Salary Female Salary
2021 29% 97% 35% 98% 57% 91% 79% 95%
2020 30% 94% 35% 98% 56% 94% 82% 96%
2019 32% 95% 35% 99% 56% 90% 80% 97%
-Headcount Data as of 30 June in the respective years. The contingent workforce is excluded.
-Salary analysis based on FTE comparison
-Production classified as any EE under the manufacturing bonus plan
-Mid-Junior (Level 1-4), Senior (Level 5-7), VP-Exec (Level 8-9)
29   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Employee consultation
Our management and labor workforce communicate effectively, including through informal 
committees and regular campus and team briefings and meetings. We track concerns, including through global, country-specific, and department-specific surveys of employee issues. Consistent with the law, our people are free to join any organized labor union or association. We do not keep a record of such memberships. 
In some European countries, specifically France and our Germany-based homecare business, our 
employees are represented by Work Councils, who are independent of trade unions and with whom we consult on any plan regarding the organization, health and safety, and working conditions. 
Germany.  We have over 700 employees in our German ResMed Homecare business and currentl y, 9 
of these serve on the 
Work Council. One of these 9 employees spends 100% of their time on council 
matters. The number of Work Council members is legislated based on the number of employees in 
the relevant legal entit y. The Work Council is elected every four years by the employees and acts 
as the representative body for our employ ees. Work Councils can ensure a relationship of trust 
between our people and management. In this wa y, personnel policies can better respond to the 
expectations of employ ees. Where there is a need for flexibility or restructuring, the Work Council 
acts as a buffer between our people and management. As soon as co-determination rights are 
affected, a company agreement has to be reached with the Work Council. These negotiations can be 
complex and time-consuming, depending on the subject, and once a common path is agreed to, it 
is binding for all the people employed in this entit y. Another fundamental task of the Work Council is 
to monitor compliance with regulations at the w orkplace. T he W
ork Council ensures that the rules, 
laws, regulations, collective agreements, and company agreements are respected. When it comes to 
making and enforcing decisions, the Work Council assists management in finding practical solutions. 
Management has regular monthly meetings with the Work Council regular weekly check-ins with one 
of the Working Committees (Betriebsaussc huss). T he Work Council has set up separate committees 
for IT (I T-Ausschuss), Education and Training (F ort-und Weiterbildungsausschuss), Economics 
(Wirtschaf
tsausschuss), and a Working Committee (Betriebsausschuss). 
The Work Council has 1) information rights and 2) co-determination rights. We have put a number 
of work council agreements in place to frame aspects of co-determination rights (example: COVID 
Hygiene and safety measures, COVID Home Office and R emote Work, Employee Surveys, Use of 
Systems where sensitive data is being processed) and continue to work with the council to agree to 
more, where needed.
30   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
France. The Work Council is the official representative of our people in France; these members are 
elected through a strict and official electoral protocol controlled by the French state and the unions. Elections take place every 4 years, and the last elections were held in April 2019 by electronic voting. The current Work Council is composed of 21 non-unionized staff representatives and 1 union delegate. They benefit individually from 22 hours per month of delegation outside of meetings.
The Work Council is competent and must be obligatorily consulted in all negotiations relating to 
working conditions, company organization, health and safety, health collective insurance, and systems of compensation, training, and evaluation of employees. It also has access to the company’s social and economic data and can call on external neutral experts. The Work Council is involved in negotiations related to diversity, gender equity, and ethics, it has a “civil legal personality” and has an annual budget allocated by the company to carry out social actions. All the elected representatives are legally protected against dismissal.
Management is required to have a minimum of 6 meetings per year with the Work Council. The local 
labor law representative and the occupational physician are invited to these meetings, and they are chaired by the HR Director and the French Executive. The minutes of the meetings are transmitted by the secretary of the Work Council to all people employed by the French entity. They have a dedicated website with all the minutes and actions taken and each employee has personal access to this site. 
Elected members and unions have a dedicated communication and direct marketing area in each 
company building. Along with this, all our French employees have access to free and anonymous telephone advice on their rights at work and in civil life. 
Subject to consultation where applicable with the European Work Councils, workplace relations issues 
are negotiated directly with our employees, updating unions as required or requested.
31   ResMed 20/21  Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
HEALTH AND
WELLBEING
We recognize the benefits of a healthy workforce and adopt a holistic approach 
to the health and safety of our people. We provide onsite support for employee 
fitness when possible, for example at our major campuses in Sydne y, San Diego, 
and Singapore. We offer employee health and wellbeing programs that may 
variously include on-site blood pressure, cholesterol, and heart testing. Programs 
may include seasonal flu vaccinations, subsidiz ed quit-smoking programs, 
screening for sleep apnea, confidential third-party counseling and referrals on 
stress and mental health issues, support for a gym membership, and in some 
jurisdictions, company-sponsored private health insurance .
32   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
Working environment
In most locations, we are relatively small teams working from well-appointed commercial premises. 
At our major campuses in San Diego, Singapore, and Sydney, we have been able to design and build a collaborative and interactive environment that underpins our culture of quality, performance, and innovation. Field-based teams are supported through communication, monitoring, and other resources.
The buildings at the Sydney campus are designed to efficiently facilitate corporate and manufacturing 
teams’ collaboration, thereby accelerating and improving product design, development, and manufacturing. The iconic Innovation Centre, with its narrow floor plate oriented towards the north, takes advantage of Environmentally Sustainable Design (ESD) principles.
We conduct periodic building environment assessments to measure and inspect the quality of lighting, 
air, water, and noise for the workplace. The overall results were compared and concluded to be well within the relevant standards.
 
San Diego Singapore Sydney
Health and safety
We believe maintaining a physically safe and mentally healthy working environment is essential in supporting our people to deliver their best work. Our aspirational goal goes beyond the avoidance of harm and strives for our people to be healthier having worked with ResMed. Our approach is to place health & safety as a positive contributor to innovation, continuous improvement, and business sustainability through focusing on making work easier which in turn makes work safer and more efficient. Our aspirational health and safety goal is for physically and mentally healthier people by creating a safe environment that reinforces and recognizes safe behavior. 
At a global level, four health and safety standards comprising of the health and safety policy; roles 
and responsibility; risk management; performance and reporting, provide the framework upon which locally compliant and effective health and safety management systems are built. We resource our commitment using a business partner support model where accountability for health and safety lies with the local leaders. Our business partners create processes that are decentralized and have a focus on building the capability, autonomy & accountability of the local leaders to manage health and safety through day-to-day functions.
We stay informed of our health and safety risk profile through the annually reviewed Operations 
Health & Safety Risk Register, our global performance scorecard, and our online incident reporting and risk management system. An incident escalation process provides visibility of all incidents involving medical treatment or impacting one of the four key operational risks. The findings of these escalated 
33   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

incidents are reviewed by the President of Operations for shared learnings and resetting of best 
practice risk control measures. 
Our online reporting system promotes preventative reporting with 80% of all incidents captured in 
2021 being without injury. The number of incidents involving lost time has remained comparatively low relative to longer-term trends against a backdrop of expanding global operations indicating an effective risk management system. No fatalities have been recorded and our Operations Health & Safety Risk Register continually challenges the control measures implemented for all hazards with a catastrophic or major consequence, setting a target residual risk level of moderate or below: see Table 7 .
T able 7: Injury rates
2021 2020 2019
Fatalities 0 0 0
Lost time injuries 22 28 28
Lost time injury rate (Injuries per million employee hours)1.91 2.66 2.84
Total recordable injury rate (per million employee hours)4.42 5.88 6.39
Strategy for continuous improvement
There is still, and always will be, progress to be made. Our operations health and safety strategic 
plan sets out the major initiatives we will develop and implement over the next five years to drive 
the continuous improvement of our safety culture and w orkplace. We have identified four areas of 
strategic focus underpinned by a framework of goals, initiatives, indicators for success, and guiding 
principles.
People
Every person in our global Operations team can help shape our safety cult ure. We aspire to build a 
culture where our people are encouraged to share their ideas and concerns about safety and challenge 
the way we work.  We want to create a workplace where everyone feels free to stop what they are 
doing, or what others are doing if they think that something is unsafe.  We want more conversations 
about wellbeing and keeping each other safe.
Continuous Improvement
We see safety as not merely the absence of negatives, it is one of systematically understanding, 
enabling, and being focused on the positives that contribute to success. Our governance activities 
center on monitoring, verifying, and holding ourselves accountable to these positiv es. Analyzing this 
collective data informs our decision-making, measures our performance, and generates insights that 
fuel innovation, business excellence, and continuous improvement.  We want to continuously ask: 
how can we do it better?
Prevention
Our " Safety in Design"  mentality places health and safety as a positive contributor to innovation, 
continuous improvement, and business sustainabilit y. We use the safety hierarchy of control - where 
the categories of elimination, substitution, isolation, and engineering are favored over administrative 
and personal protective equipment - as a means to challenge the status quo, transform the way we 
work to not only treat the risk but challenge the underlying vulnerabilit y.
Systems
Safety is our responsibilit y, howeve r, that doesn’t mean it needs to be a bureaucratic one. Our simple 
digital health and safety tools provide use r-centric process flows and visibility for day-to-day safety 
management. Through concentrating on impactful activities, we eliminate redundant processes and 
standardize our best practice.
34   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Managing health and safety
Our local health and safety management systems are integrated with our certified quality and 
environmental management systems leveraging commonalities such as the learning management system, training, induction, document management, and integrating risk management activities for example emergency response, incident reporting, chemical, contractor, and change management processes.
Following the prior year assessments of our Asia-Pacific and US operations, assessments of our 
smaller and lower risk European operations were conducted against the ISO45001 standard. The assessment identified opportunities of integrating further with the processes and documentation of the quality management system as is the approach of our larger operations globally.
We conducted an Engagement Pulse Survey to check if our safety culture is indistinguishable from 
our culture using five targeted questions on the pandemic, empowerment, feeling cared for, adequate resources, and feeling your input is valued. In August 2020 the average score was 86.2% favorable with confidence in our response to the pandemic scoring 90% favorable. A follow-up Pulse Survey in June 2021 averaged 84.6% on the back of a prolonged global pandemic, the inclusion of our China operations, and the compliance assessments in Europe increasing knowledge & awareness. Subsequent training was rolled out to the leadership teams on the levers to employ in promoting a safety mindset and safe behaviors, each and every day. In support, we deployed and promoted the ‘Take a Breath’ campaign that aims to change our behaviors when presented with tasks that occur infrequently by encouraging the use of a simple informal risk assessment mnemonic.
Wellbeing
For over 30 years, ResMed has been committed to improving the quality of life and this naturally translates beyond our customers to include our people and their families.  We recognize the benefits of a healthy workforce and adopt a holistic approach to the wellness of our people. We start with helping our people get a quality night’s sleep to awaken and be their best through facilitating access to the very same products, services, and technology that benefit our customers. The programs vary around the world to suit the diagnostic and treatment pathways, but in essence aim to provide free equipment to our people and varying degrees of financial relief to immediate family members, close relatives, and friends.
Our internal Living Life Well wellness brand in the US includes all stages of health and wellbeing as 
equally important parts of a whole that we want to support and promote. The brand is designed using pictures of our people spending time with family and friends, engaging in sporting events, playing instruments, exploring the world, eating healthy, and enjoying nature to highlight what Living Life Well means to them.  To that end, we aim to be inclusive of not only different stages of wellbeing but also different approaches focused on the physical, emotional, financial, and social aspects of wellbeing.  We complement our offerings with a comprehensive communication approach (utilizing townhalls, lunch and learns, webinars, videos, emails, Yammer, websites, apps, AI, LCD screens, newsletters, posters, and mail campaigns) to reach our diverse workforce. We also partner with a medical insurer to offer customized and targeted programs designed to promote awareness, health and remove barriers.  With a concierge-level support team, our people have access to:
•
Enhanced coverage of sleep diagnostics and treatment
•Healthy Pregnancy, Health B
aby incentive program
•Free preventiv
e prescriptions for asthma, diabetes, high blood pressure, heart disease, and
osteoporosis
•Free online physical therap
y with a customized recovery program and access to a health coach
35   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
•Free digital health program, that provides personal support for those at risk for type- 2 diabetes
•Chronic Condition coaching to help those with serious health conditions
•Lifestyle Management coaching programs focused on stress and nutrition
ResMed partners with Lif
eworks to provide a comprehensive, company-funded global Employee 
Assistance Program (EAP) offering free local, expert mental health support for our people and their 
immediate families through one-on-one support, seminars, online courses, crisis intervention services, and workplace emergency response. The program is to emphasize our focus on the importance of mental health and help remove the stigma too often associated with acknowledging and asking for the help we need; the need for the program is particularly heightened currently with the COVID-19 pandemic impact.
Additionally, in our Asia Pacific region, we have a coaching program: Uprise to help monitor, build and 
practice the skills in maintaining good mental health for voluntary participants. In Australia and New Zealand, we also have access to Best Doctors for specialist medical advice and their dedicated Mental Health Navigator is available to guide those through the diagnostic and treatment pathways where a mental illness is indicated.
Although currently impacted by local regulations and protocols relating to COVID-19 risk mitigation, 
in our largest employee campuses, i.e., Sydney and San Diego, we provide corporate fitness centers with instructor-led classes and cafeterias that offer fresh and healthy meal options. The San Diego site was remodeled to create open collaboration areas that include state-of-the-art technology and more relaxed areas for coffee, ping pong, gaming spaces as well as an outdoor amphitheater, walking trials, and meeting areas wired to support virtual meetings. The remodel also included additional mothers’ rooms to create secure and comfortable spaces.
We have a variety of tailored programs to address the wellbeing needs of our diverse workforce in•
many locations, such as:
•Free Flu vaccinations
•Wellness initiatives that raise awareness and help people ‘know m
y numbers’ such as blood
•pressure, cholesterol, glucose, and heart health
•Subsidized or free quit-smoking programs and smoke-free campuses
•Lunch and learns with doctors and health experts
•Meditation classes
•Gym discounts or reimbursement
•Executive health assessments
•Financial wellness tools and education and retirement essentials
•On-site physiotherapy
•Tuition reimbursement
•Corporate entry to sporting, theater, and community ev
ents
•Support for health awareness-raising initiatives such as R
UOK? Daffodil Day, Wear Red for Heart
36   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
With the COVID-19 pandemic, we have pivoted many offerings to virtual formats, expanding our 
reach across time zones and countries allowing us to offer live and recorded sessions, ranging from instructor-led cardio classes, to sound therapy and ergonomics to reinforce the importance of making time for wellness and increasing collaboration as people make different connections through wellness.
We also recognize the importance connecting to the community plays in fostering well-being.  We 
have many passionate team members who support a variety of organizations and causes such as American Heart Association, Breast Cancer Awareness, ALS, Pedal the Cause, Salvation Army Giving Tree, food banks, and many local efforts to support first responders, healthcare workers, and those impacted by disasters.
Employee turnover
We experience a relatively low turnover of production and warehousing employees, with turnover of professional employees closer to comparison indices. Our overall voluntary turnover has been falling consistently from 2012 to 2020. Periodic organizational change in the form of acquisitions and business structural change may affect turnover rates.
0%3%6%9%12%15%
2021 2020 2019
Global Americas Asia-Pacific Europe
T able 8: Staff voluntary turnover, % of total
2021 2020 2019
Global 10.70% 8.55% 8.69%
Americas 13.20% 10.60% 7 .99%
Asia Pacific 9.39% 7 .56% 8.76%
Europe 8.82% 6.83% 9.77%
From time to time we need to reorganize our business to ensure we remain competitive, and this may 
involve moving activities and roles from one place to anothe r, or closing f acilities. We always take a 
strategic workforce planning approach with any such reorganization or restructuring . We consider all 
possible alternate redeployment options before progressing with any resizing or redundancies in our 
teams. We follow all regulatory requirements and manage the process with as much as sensitivity 
as we can for those impacted. We know how we treat our people through the process has a lasting 
impact on our people and culture: respect, integrit y, fairness in process and implementation are pivotal 
for us. We do all we can to support and what is right by our people, both those leaving and remaining, 
whilst maintaining confidentialit y. In many countries, we do offer outplacement services as part of the 
restructuring process.
37   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
EMPLOYEE TURNOVER RATES: 2019-2021
Human rights
ResMed relies on a network of suppliers to provide us with the physical components we need to 
manufacture our products. In managing our network of suppliers, we issue to our suppliers ResMed’s Supplier Manual that, among other issues, sets out the requirements and expectations we have for our suppliers (and in turn their suppliers). We evaluate the risk of human trafficking and slavery in our supply chain, rather than using a third party to do so, and include policies in our Supplier Manual to address those risks. Our anti-slavery and anti-trafficking policies include specific requirements and warranties for:
•Prohibition of child labor based on the 1973 International Labor Organization’s Minimum Age
Convention;
•Compliance with applicable local occupational health and safety and labor laws (including slave,
prisoner, or any other form of forced or involuntary labor); and
•A right for ResMed to request a higher standard of compliance where we believe that simple
compliance with local laws will not reach the standard of our corporate values. The ResMed Supplier
Manual includes an acknowledgment that the supplier must sign to indicate their responsibility
for knowing and adhering to the standards of ResMed’s Supplier Manual and ResMed’s overall
Supplier Management Process. Through this acknowledgment, our suppliers certify that the
materials incorporated into ResMed’s products comply with local laws regarding slavery and human
trafficking. Failure to comply with any part of the manual or the process can result in the removal of
the supplier from ResMed’ s Approved Supplier List and termination of our relationship with them.
38   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Our core mission is to improve people’s health and wellbeing by providing 
innovative and high-quality products and services for sleep apnea, COPD, asthma, and other chronic conditions, as well as to help streamline the process of aiding and managing consumers of out-of-hospital care services such as skilled nursing, life plan care, or home health and hospice services. This focus on product quality and innovation is reflected not only in the high regard our customers have for our products and services but in our vigilance in meeting our safety and marketing obligations.
OUR PRODUCTS
39   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
Quality, innovation, and continuous improvement
Our people work to high operational standards. Our commitment to quality, innovation, regulatory 
compliance, and continuous improvement is stressed in our Global Quality Policy . Our key operational 
sites work to a comprehensive quality management system to meet this policy. Our product quality is best reflected in the awards we have received for product design. Please see Table 3 for these awards and highlights.
$225.28 MILLION
INVESTED IN INNO VATION
IN 2021
Pictured: Colin Sullivan, '89
M.B.B.S., Ph.D, FRACPAirSense 1 1 and myAir AirMini
Product development and clinical trials
We have a strong track record of innovation in the sleep and respiratory care markets. Since 
introducing our first CP
AP device in 1989, we have conducted an ongoing program of product 
advancement and development. Currentl y, our product development and clinical trial efforts are 
focused on not only improving our current product offerings and usability but also expanding into new 
product applications. 
W
e continually seek to identify new applications of our technology for significant unmet medical 
needs. Sleep apnea is associated with several symptoms beyond excessive daytime sleepiness and 
irritabilit y. Studies have established a clinical association between untreated sleep apnea and systemic 
hypertension, diabetes, coronary artery disease, stroke, atrial fibrillation, congestive heart failure, and 
mortalit y. 
40   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
FIRST 
CPAP 
DEVICE  
IN 198899
Across the sleep and respiratory care platforms, we support clinical trials in many countries including 
the United States, German y, Netherlands, France, Japan, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, China, 
Spain, Canada, Singapore, and Australia to develop new clinical applications for our technolog y. 
We have also begun presenting and publishing researc
h findings based on the industry-leading 
connectivity platform and data assets that are unique to us. We continue to support some of the 
largest sleep apnea studies in history by performing advanced statistical analyses on millions of clinical 
data points using real-world data. 
We consult with physicians at major medical centers throughout the world to identify clinical and 
technological trends in the treatment of sleep apnea, COPD, and the other conditions associated with 
these diseases. New product ideas are also identified by our marketing staff, direct sales force, and 
network of distributors, customers, clinicians, and patients. 
For our products to remain leaders in very competitive markets, we invest appropriately in innovation, 
with approximately 1 7.3% of our employees devoted to research and development activities. In Fiscal 
Y
ear 2021, we invested $225.28 million, or approximately 7% of our net revenues, in research and 
development.
Table 9: Expenditure on R&D, 2019–2021, economic value generated and 
distributed
2021 2020 2019
R&D/revenues 7% 7% 7%
Revenues ($m) 3196.8 2957 2606.6
R&D investment ($m) 225.28 201.95 180.65
Research and 
development staff 
headcount1370 1280 1198
Product quality
The quality management system engages our employees and suppliers to ensure our expected 
product quality. ResMed has comprehensive systems and processes to ensure our products are designed to meet patient needs and performance requirements. We use engineering and other scientific principles to design and manufacture our products. We design manufacturing processes to consistently meet product quality attributes. We apply these principles from product conception through commercialization, and for the product’s life.
We have established data sources and metrics in several quality sub-systems including product 
development, supplier performance, manufacturing process controls, equipment controls, field performance, complaint management, audits (internal, external, and supplier), and product risk assessment. We also monitor data trends and take appropriate action based on those trends.
41   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Quality at ResMed
Patient and employee safety are ResMed’s top priorities. As such, we work to ensure every 
product works safely, effectively, and efficiently. Our product quality is underpinned by our quality management system, which takes into account the requirements of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 13485 standards for medical devices, the European medical legislative requirements (Directive 93/42/EEC and Regulation 2017/745), the US FDA Quality System Regulations for medical devices (21 CFR part 820), the Japan MHLW Ministerial Ordinance No.169, and other regulations in our target markets. ResMed’s quality management system provides an integrated quality plan covering quality practices, resources, and activities. The main systems include organization management; environment management; change control and document management; and improvement management, including CAPA, risk management, and post-market surveillance. The quality management system is certified by an independent notified body.
All of our employees complete training in relevant quality management system areas. We also train 
employees in good manufacturing practice, which guides everyday behaviors in a medical device manufacturing operation, such as personal hygiene, protective clothing, and documentation standards. We implement a comprehensive internal audit program across the entire business – with over 50 internal audits a year – to ensure compliance with the quality management system and to help identify improvement opportunities.
Quality with suppliers
ResMed draws over 2,000 individual components or materials from over 200 approved suppliers in our current product range. We have a comprehensive supplier approval process, with assessment tools that include audits according to the assessed risk of the component or service. We establish standards for supplier communication, responsibilities, quality systems, traceability, and environmental aspects. We require suppliers to have, at a minimum, ISO 9001 or an equivalent quality management system, to be certified by an acceptable third party, and to adhere to the applicable Jedec, IPC, ANSI, J-STD, and SAE standards for electronic components. In some cases, we may approve a supplier thatis not ISO 9001 certified, based on our audit of their quality system, with agreed and documentedcontrols.
WE REQUIRE SUPPLIERS 
TO HAVE
, AT A MINIMUM, 
ISO 9001 OR AN 
EQUIVALENT QUALITY 
MANAGEMENT SY STEM.
We conduct ongoing supplier audits based on our initial assessment of a supplier, their subsequent 
performance, and the nature of the supplied goods. Audit frequency can range from 6 to 48 months. On average, our supplier audit team audits approximately 60 suppliers a year. Most supplied components are also inspected before use for compliance against detailed specifications. Corrective actions are specified for any quality defects, escalating through to termination of contract for failure to address defects.
42   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

Supplier networks
We draw from an international supply chain that provides the best quality components and supplies 
available for an appropriate price. All else being equal, our manufacturing operations seek suppliers 
from their local economies, howeve r, the suitability and quality of our supplies is paramount. To 
achieve that qualit y, we seek and value long-term stable relationships with our suppliers. We inform 
suppliers of our relevant business plans so that they can align their plans. In particula r, we encourage 
suppliers to develop partnerships, networks, and relationships that can support ResMed ’s global 
manufacturing network.
Warranties
We generally offer either one-year or two-year limited warranties on our devices. In some regions 
and for certain customers, we also offer extended warranties on our devices for one to three years in 
addition to our limited warrant y. Warranties on mask systems are for 90 days. Our distributors either 
repair our products with parts supplied b
y us or arrange shipment of products to our facilities for repair 
or replacement.
We receive returns of our products from the field for various reasons. We believe the level of returns 
experienced to date is consistent with levels typically experienced by manufacturers of similar 
devices. We provide warranties and returns based on historical data.
Customer satisfaction
ResMed keeps comprehensive confidential data on customer attitudes to our product quality and 
customer service.
ResMed generally sells products through medical and health product resellers in most markets, rather 
than direct to users. But in some markets (most notably Germany and Australia) we sell directly to 
end-users. In wholesale markets, health, marketing, and privacy regulations limit the extent to which 
we can engage directly with users. Accordingl y, much of our data on product quality and customer 
ser
vice is derived from wholesale customer surveys, rather than surveys of those using our products. 
We believe the views of our customers, who also deal with comparable healthcare products including 
those of our competitors, are reliable, and in some aspects a more accurate and less anecdotal 
reflection of overall performance than those of individual users.
Product safety
We take our product safety obligations seriously and rely on our quality management system to 
meet or exceed regulatory standards in all our mark ets. We apply risk management principles from 
product design through commercialization. We continually monitor the field performance and safety of 
released devices, and work with regulators to ensure safety and effectiveness for the product’s life. 
Market and labeling
Product marketing and labeling requirements are set by medical device regulators in all countries in 
which our products are sold (for example, by the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration, and the 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration). Products cannot be marketed until a regulatory and legal 
assessment called label review verifies that these requirements are met. All marketing material must 
correspond with approved labeling. Our quality management system incorporates elements to ensure 
compliance with labeling requirements, including translations. Our internal quality audit processes are 
designed to capture any flaws in product marketing, user guides, and clinical guides, including 
translations.
We have not received any material non-compliance notices during fiscal year 2021 . Our internal audit 
has identified and corrected several minor issues, and we have also received some notices of minor 
non-conformance from regulatory authorities.
43   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Biocompatibility T esting
ResMed, as a medical device company distributing products into global markets, is required to comply 
with regulatory requirements intended to ensure materials in our products are biologically safe for the 
intended use.
Biological evaluation is commissioned to be performed in order to confirm with the biocompatibility of 
materials that go into our products, as per the international standard, ISO 10993-1:2018, “Biological 
evaluation of medical devices.”
The FDA and other regulatory agencies still require safety data based on animal studies. If an 
animal study is not avoidable, ResMed employs the 3Rs approach (Replacement, Reduction, and 
Refinement) to animal study whenever possible, and takes all practicable steps to ensure that we 
meet the required standard of animal care and welfare specified by ISO 10993-2:2006, “Animal 
welfare requirements. ” These considerations are also reflected in our internal work instructions during 
biocompatibility evaluation.
Military products and uses
Other than where our products are used by military personnel, neither ResMed nor its subsidiaries 
produce or contribute to any products or services designed or used for military purposes. We have no 
intention or aspiration to produce or sell arms or any equipment designed solely for military use.
44   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
COMMUNITY
Our community contributions reflect our mission to improve millions of lives 
worldwide through the treatment of chronic diseases like sleep apnea, COPD , and 
asthma, plus improved management of consumers benefiting from out-of-hospital 
care. We target research in those areas and also help our employees support their 
communities in the form of volunteer hours and matching charity donations 
where appropriate. We further respect our communities by being vigilant in 
meeting our product quality, safety , and marketing obligations, as well as with 
customer data privacy.
45   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
Contributions to health
Our core business is improving people’s health and wellbeing by treating their sleep apnea, COPD, 
asthma, or other chronic conditions. Accordingly, most of our community engagement is on health-related matters, and we continue to raise awareness through market and clinical initiatives of the increasing link between the potential effects sleep apnea, COPD, asthma, and other respiratory conditions can have on one another as well as on other chronic conditions such as cardiovascular diseases, stroke, high blood pressure, obesity, and diabetes:
CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE
TYPE 2 DIABETESCOPDTRANSPORT SAFETYPERI-OPERATIVE RISK
•Cardiovascular disease. Clinical research has demonstrated a high prevalence of sleep apnea in
cardiology patients and has suggested that it may increase the risk of dev
eloping cardiovascular
disease and heart failure. The European Society of Cardiology, the American College of Cardiology,and the American Heart Association acknowledge the high prevalence of sleep apnea in heart failurecases and have recommended treatment with various modes of positive airway pressure or PAPtherapy to treat patients’ sleep apnea. Further studies have highlighted this importance, showing theworsening of long-term outcomes in patients with heart failure and sleep apnea, and that treatingsleep apnea may improve these outcomes.
1
•Type 2 diabetes. The International Diabetes Federation strongly recommends health professionalstreating a patient for either type 2 diabetes or sleep apnea should also consider the presenceof the other condition.
2 The American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists’ guidelines for a
comprehensive diabetes care plan recommend sleep apnea screening for adults.3 Other research
reported treating patients with both type 2 diabetes and obstructive sleep apnea with CPAP leads tosignificantly lower blood pressure and better-controlled diabetes while affording a cost-effective useof healthcare resources.
4
•Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Published researc h has shown the use of non-
invasive positive pressure ventilation can significantly improve the survival of stable hypercapnicCOPD patients while also improving health-related quality of life.
5 There is also a hospital
readmission burden following an acute exacerbation of COPD and the use of non-invasive positivepressure ventilation has been shown to significantly reduce this as well.
6 
•Transport safety. One of the largest measurable emerging contributions to community health thatwe are making is in the link betw
een sleep apnea and occupational safety, in particular transport
safety. In a ResMed- sponsored study of 22,000 members of the Union Pacific Railroad health planpublished in Population Health Management, findings suggest that a low-cost, patient-focused sleepapnea education campaign can improve healthcare outcomes and reduce medical expenses. Afterthe campaign was initiated, the healthcare plan realized cost savings of US$4.9 million over twoyears.
7
46   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
•Peri-operative risk. Over 80% of those with sleep apnea remain undiagnosed8. The incidence
of postoperative complications of surgery in undiagnosed obstructive sleep apnea patients issignificant, making screening before surgery for high-risk patients necessary.
9 Meta-analysis of the
association between obstructive sleep apnea and postoperative outcomes showed the incidenceof respiratory failure, cardiac events, and intensive care unit transfers was higher in patients withobstructive sleep apnea.
10
1 Damy T et al. Prognostic impact of sleep-disordered breathing and its treatment with nocturnal ventilation for chronic heart failure. Eur J 
Heart Fail.  2012 Sep;14(9):1009-19.
2 Shaw JE et al. Sleep-disordered breathing and type 2 diabetes: a report from the International Diabetes F ederation Taskforce on 
Epidemiology and Prevention. Diabetes Res Clin Pract. 2008 Jul;81(1):2-12.
3 Handelsman Y et al. American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists Medical Guidelines for clinical practicefor developing a diabetes 
mellitus comprehensive care plan: executive summary. Endocr Pract. 20 11 Mar-Apr;17(2):287-302.
4 Guest JF et al. Clinical Outcomes and Cost-Ef
fectiveness of Continuous Positiv e Airway Pressure to Manage Obstructive Sleep Apnea in 
Patients W ith Type 2 Diabetes in the U.K. Diabetes Care. 20 1 4 Apr;37(5):1263-7 1.
5 Köhnlein T et al. Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation for the treatment of severe stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a 
prospective, multicentre, randomized, controlled clinical trial. Lancet Respir Med. 2014 Sep;2(9):698-705.
6 Galli J et al. Home non-invasive ventilation use following acute hypercapnic respiratory failure in COPD. Respir Med . 2014 
May;108(5):722-8.
7 Potts KJ et al. Cost savings associated with an education campaign on the diagnosis and management of sleep-disordered breathing: a 
retrospective, claims-based US study. Popul Health Manag. 2013 Feb;16(1):7-13.
8 Young T et al. Estimation of the Clinically Diagnosed Proportion of Sleep Apnea Syndrome in Middle-Aged Men and Women. Sleep 1997 
Sep;20(9):705-6.
9 Kaw R et al. Meta-analysis of the association between obstructive sleep apnoea and postoperative outcome. Br J Anaesth. 2012 
Dec;109(6):897-906.
10 Iftikhar IH et al. Meta-analysis: continuous positive airway pressure improves insulin resistance in patients with sleep apnea without 
diabetes. Ann Am Thorac Soc. 2013 Apr;10(2):115-20.
We expect studies underway or planned for the future to provide further evidence that treating sleep 
apnea and other respiratory insufficiencies can improve mortality and morbidit y, quality of life, and also 
healthcare cost utilization in relation to these patients. In some of these st
udies, we also work directly 
with payers and clinically integrated delivery networks to understand how their costs and outcomes 
may be impacted by patients with undiagnosed or untreated sleep apnea within their population.
Other community contributions
The past couple of turbulent years have encouraged us to look at community support in a new wa y. 
The pandemic brought to light the needs of the communities where our people live, play, and work. 
Our mission is to change 250 million lives in 2025, and extend that mission into these communities. 
Our contributions to our local communities are made in both monetary contributions and the time and 
championship of our employees. In the 
three countries where we operate, ResMed gives our people 
two days of paid time off to volunteer for the personal cause of their choice. While we encourage 
ResMedians to voluntee r, how they choose to donate their time is at their discretion and does not 
reflect the values of the compan y. In those countries without f ormal VTO policies, teams volunteer 
together during work hours as bonding activities.
47   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Our employees volunteer their time with many causes, ranging from Habitat to Humanity home 
building to mentorship and from nonprofit board leadership to environmental clean-ups. During the 
pandemic, we had team members think creatively about how they could safely donate their time. One 
group of ResMedians created a virtual mentorship program for high school girls in Science, 
Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) education, where our team members guided the 
mentees through real-world problem-solving at the intersection of technology and healthcare.
We have many Giving Champions throughout the world, leading the way on causes important to them 
and their communit y. An active team, we had members join in a global effort to raise money fighting 
cancer. Individuals rode bikes and ran for awareness on four different continents! We support our 
Giving Champions through sponsoring teams, running donation match campaigns, and sharing their 
stories on our global platforms.
WE COMMITTED SIGNIFICANT TIME AND 
DONATED NEARLY $1.8 MILLION IN 2021
Of course, all of our team members throughout the country were affected by the pandemic. We 
supported our people in need as each region experienced varying levels of crisis during the yea r. In 
2021, our team in India kept us abreast of their community needs during the COVID-19 breakout there. 
Our champions and leaders were quic
k to let us know what was needed in terms of devices and how 
best to support the region through a global donation campaign. During the outbreak in Malaysia, our 
region leads organized a food drive response to help local community members stay fed during trying 
times. We are proud and committed to caring for our communities around the world, led by our giving 
champions.
As a compan y, we engage with a large number of community organizations, as do our staff as 
individuals, particularly with local educational and scientific organizations. We committed significant 
time and donated over US$0.9m to global community organizations and academic institutions in 
recent years: see Table 10.
We focus on taking care of our communities, developing the industry, and reducing barriers to 
healthcare. Part of this care and support looks like investing in our BIDS program: Belonging, Inclusion 
and Diversit
y for Success. You can read more about these individual efforts in Diversity and Inclusion. 
This year our number of Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) blossomed under our new Diversity and 
Inclusion (D&I) Team. Many of our ERGs led awareness or donation campaigns. Our ASPIRE group, 
Asians and Pacific Islander R
epresentation and Empowerment, organized a donation and education 
campaign as part of the larger movement addressing the recent wave of violence directed at the 
Asian-American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) communit y. 
48
   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Taking care of communities also includes developing talent and changing the way we recruit talent. 
We have de
veloped more mentorships and sponsored career fairs in various regions to ensure we are 
thinking of global inclusivity for all aspects of the organization. To read more about our D&I initiatives, 
please visit the D&I section. 
Table 10: Global Community contributions, in USD per Fiscal Year
2021 2020 2019
Corporate Giving $922,267 $1,011,690 $1,420,441
Foundation Funding $800,000 $800,000 $600,000
Total $1,722,267 $1,811,690 $2,020,441
Industry and advocacy involvement
ResMed has been a consistent supporter of local scientific and industry organizations to help promote 
the social and economic benefits of sound science and entrepreneurial enterprise.
Our core focus is ensuring that patients and users have access to the technologies they need to 
improve their quality of life. That means all patients, and this year we continued to commit our resources to embed inclusion into our advocacy work. We explore ways we can diversify our clinical trial populations, educate on health disparities, participate in industry forums, publish articles promoting health equity, and more. Our Corporate Giving, D&I, and Industry and Advocacy work are closely related to addressing community needs.
Some of the Global Advocacy Groups we work with:•
CTA Consumer Technology Association
•CES Consumer Electronics Show
•HIMSS Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society
•AdvaMed Advanced Medical Technology Association
•ABHI The Association of British HealthTech Industries
•SPECTARIS German Industry Association for Optics, Photonics, Analytical and Medical Technologies
•SNITEM French National Union of Industry and Medical Technologies
•MedTech Europe European Trade Association for Medical Technology
•DigitalEurope Digitally Transforming Industries
•APACMed Asia Pacific Medical Devices Association
49   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Government contributions
Our total tax paid is summarized in Table 1 . We note the cost of medical care, including the use of our 
products in many of the countries in which we operate, is funded in substantial part by government 
and private insurance programs.
Customer data protection
ResMed has implemented a range of technical and organizational measures to provide assurance that 
customers’ data will be protected and processed legally and ethicall y. ResMed processes sensitive 
personal health data for residents of over 140 countries. Regulations governing our protection of 
customer data (including sensitive data) include but are not limited to the U .S. Health Insurance 
Portability and Accountabilit y Act (HI PAA) and the Health Inf ormation T echnology for Economic and 
Clinical Health Act (HITECH), the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Japanese 
Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI), and the Australian Priv acy A ct. These jurisdictions 
cover the majority of personal data processed by ResMed, but data protection regulations from other 
jurisdictions are also monitored and included where appropriate.
ResMed continues to make material investments in the people, processes, and technology controls 
for its Information Security and Privacy team functions. The design and effectiveness of these controls 
for systems hosting material amounts of sensitive personal health data include validation via a Service 
Organization Control (SOC-2) report, a Japanese P–Mark certificate, the French Hébergeurs de 
Données de Santé (HDS) or Health Data Hosting certificate, and the United Kingdom National Health 
Service Data Security and P rotection Toolkit (DSPT) online self-assessment (with governmental spot 
audits).
The protection and processing of customers’ data is overseen by a chief information security officer 
reporting to the chief executive officer and a chief privacy officer reporting to the chief administrative 
officer and global general counsel. Formal obligations are set by our employee and contractor 
contracts, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, our IT Information Security Polic y, and other 
internal policies and training. Employees likely to handle consumer data undergo data protection 
training. Our Privacy notices are published online. Versions applicable to the United States of America 
can be viewed here. Versions for other countries can be found here.
Antitrust behavior
No government enforcement action has been taken against ResMed for any alleged violation of any 
antitrust or competition regulation in this reporting period.
In the United States, our largest geographic market, the primary competitors for the sale of products 
used to treat sleep apnea are:  Philips, which acquired previous competitor Respironics Inc., and 
Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corporation Limited. These firms are also our principal international 
competitors for the sale of flow generators and masks for the treatment of sleep apnea. The markets 
for our products are highly competitive. Our sleep products compete with surgical procedures, dental 
appliances, and other means to treat sleep apnea and related respiratory conditions.
ResMed also sells ventilators, high-flow cannulas and other respiratory accessories, and software-as-
a-service solutions – all in smaller quantities than our sales of sleep apnea treatment devices, masks, 
and related accessories. Those products also face vigorous competition from other companies.
50   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

There has been a noticeable increase in inquiries from customers on the source, 
content, and environmental performance of our products. This is in addition to the increasing appearance of sustainability credentials in requests for tenders, particularly from the hospital sector. Each inquiry raises internal consideration of our existing manufacturing and supply chain processes, and the extent to which we weigh environmental factors against operational and financial factors in our decision making.
ENVIRONMENT
51   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
We insist on and achieve strong compliance with environmental regulations, with no material 
breaches, and have seen improvements in material efficiency and recycling in both production and administrative areas. We are extending our adoption of ISO 14001 standards, which reflect the need to conserve scarce resources and protect our natural ecologies. We have invested in environmental stewardship at our sites, and are committed to extending that stewardship to our product design and packaging.
At this stage, we are comfortable that our quality management system, with our pursuit of lean 
manufacturing and continuous improvement, is delivering environmental improvements in a way that is both effective and integrated with our core business.
Policies and systems
Responsibility for environmental management resides at the site level. We have a comprehensive environmental management system with ISO 14001 certification at our primary manufacturing site in Sydney. Other sites rely on our quality management, pollution control, and waste management systems to ensure compliance with relevant environmental regulations.
Sydney manufacturing site
Our environmental management system at our Sydney manufacturing site is closely aligned with our quality assurance and health and safety systems, with the continual expectation of improved performance in all three dimensions.
Regulatory compliance is set by national, 
state, and local law, ISO 14001, occupational health and safety, and other regulations that relate to our environmental practice and the conditions of consent to the development of our premises.FPO
Although we have internal advisory roles on each dimension, line managers are accountable for their 
areas of operational responsibilit y. Our environmental and communications teams work together 
to support the behaviors and culture needed to sustain continuous improvement in environmental 
performance.
The environmental management system at Sydney was established in accordance with ISO 140 01 
certification to systematically improve our environmental-related costs, and to ensure compliance 
with applicable local and international environmental legislation affecting our operations. Its scope 
considers impacts on the environment throughout the lifecycle of our products and services. That 
environmental policy and ISO 14001 certification are publicly available on our website and on request.
Regulatory compliance is set by national, state, and local la w, ISO 140 01, occupational health and 
safet y, and other regulations that relate to our environmental practice and the conditions of consent to 
the development of our premises.
52   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

Environmental risks are identified by analyzing our products’ lifecycles, and by anticipating the views of 
internal and external parties who may be concerned or impacted by our environmental performance. 
Significant impacts and risks require environmental management plans and are reviewed annuall y, 
with account
abilities and measurable t argets. Where there are operational controls for these risks, 
personnel must ha
ve measurable competency and relevant training.
Environmental performance is considered in the selection process for suppliers, with preference 
shown to suppliers with good environmental performance, such as recognizing compliance with ISO 
14001 through the supplier rating program.
Other sites
In our Singapore and Malaysia production facilities, the production processes replicate those 
developed in our Sydney facility for similar manufactured products. Our distribution, commercial, and 
other production facilities do not currently work to a comprehensive environmental management 
system and have not to date pursued ISO 140 01 accreditation. Instead, they rely on our quality 
assurance systems and work with our waste management providers to ensure compliance with 
relevant environmental and supplier regulations.
Review
Our senior management team reviews our environmental performance annuall y, including audit and 
compliance results, non-conf
ormance and corrective actions, communications and complaints, and 
available metrics on environmental perf ormance. At sites with an environmental management system, 
our environmental team conducts a rolling internal audit for compliance with ISO 140 01 and other 
controlled impacts on the environment, so that we review all elements of the system at least once 
every two years.
The environmental performance of our Sydney manufacturing, research, and administration site is 
externally audited every year b y TÜV SÜD to confirm its ISO 140 01 certification. The last audit was a 
remote surveillance audit completed On May 202 1. Our Sydney site also conducts an internal audit at 
least once every two years.
We do not use third-part y “eco-labeling” certification labels for our products, nor produce, publish or 
verify lifecycle assessment data.
Compliance and incidents
We have received no regulatory notices on material environmental issues in the three financial years 
2019-2021 . In addition, we rely on third-party monitoring tools to identify specific risk indicators and 
monitor areas of concerns. 
Pr
oduction and efficiencies
Led by our primary manufacturing sites, our operational culture focuses on efficiency and 
effectiveness, using Six Sigma and other lean manufacturing approaches as part of our quality and 
continuous improvement management systems. In Sydne y, 10 forms of waste are identified – defects, 
overproduction, waiting, transport, inventor y, motion, underutilized talents, materials, energ y, and 
saf
ety risks. Awareness and action on all these dimensions have paid dividends in materials, energ y, 
and water use. We encourage all employees to suggest efficiency ideas, and we systematically pursue 
them, recognizing staff who generate successfully implemented ideas with awards.
We present trend data on energ y, wate r , materials, and waste data for 2020-2021 only for the 
locations for which we have it. While our figures represent our best understanding of energy and 
material flows for the most recent yea r, these figures may be revised as our data capture systems are 
improved and standardized internationall y.
53   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Sources and use of energy
All sites draw on a mix of natural gas and grid electricity. Our San Diego headquarters and Sydney site 
have installed solar photovoltaic systems, bringing total production of 200 MWh each year.
MANUFACTURING ENERGY 
THE INDEX WAS SET AT 100 FOR 
FISCAL YEAR 2010 AND FELL BY 23.4% TO 72.6 DURING FISCAL YEAR 2021
Apart from this new solar system, the uses of the other energy at our Sydney site are representative 
of uses at our other global sites. Gas is consumed chiefly by our heating, ventilating, and air 
conditioning systems’ boilers for space heating and humidity control in manufacturing areas, as well as 
for domestic hot water and kitchen use. Its use primarily reflects variable climatic conditions, as well 
as building design and use. The primary electricity uses in research, professional and administrative 
services are heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) units; vertical transport, research, and 
development lab equipment (e.g. environmental chambers, ovens, lathes, mills); and lighting, catering, 
and office equipment. These uses respond more to behavioral change.
Group energy use
We consumed 166,618 GJ in 2021 of energy globally, representing an energy intensity of 52.1: see 
Table 11. These figures represent the gas and electricity consumed at our premises globally and do 
not include energy used in our supply chain or transportation or their corresponding greenhouse gas 
emissions.
T
able 11: Global trend energy data
Electricity 
Consumption 
(MWh)Natural Gas  
Consumption 
(GJ)Total Energy 
Consumption (GJ)Energy Intensity 
(GJ/$M Rev)
2021 42,175 14,787 166,618 52.1
2020 37 ,632 18,193 153,668 52.0
2019 31,005 16,487 128,136 49.2
Over the year we have recorded positive progress of our enhanced energy conservation measures and 
energy efficiency implementations that has led to overall energy efficiency improv ement. At ResMed 
global manuf
acturing sites and offices, the base-load energy consumption (excluding production) is 
improving through equipment upgrades and environmental initiatives: Recent energy-efficient lamp 
retrofitting enhances existing equipment, lighting, and IT equipment control enhancements, and 
flexible working options at all sites are all beneficial for ResMed by reducing energy consumption 
wherever possible.  For instance, we have made adjustments to the dehumidification control at our 
primary manufacturing site such as Sydney – a process that comprises the majority of natural gas 
usage, increased the use of economic cycle, and inst alled Variable Speed Drives (VSD) to enable 
the use of a more efficient plant control strategy. Since consuming 19,055 GJ of natural gas during 
fiscal year 2016, the company has seen a steady decline in gas consumption before the COVID-19 
pandemic.
54   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
The increase in our global energy consumption in 2021 is due to various factors, offsetting the overall 
energy efficiency improvement and control enhancement implemented during fiscal year 2021 . Some 
of the primary driving factors are: 
•Expansion of business activities.
•Expansion and relocation of our Singapore major manufacturing site and other facilities.
•To increase the separation of staff by time and distance to maintain adherence to Public Health 
Orders, keep our staff safe and meet our market expectations, production activities were 
rescheduled across three shifts. This led to significantly more run hours for the HVAC, lighting, and 
other systems to meet operator comfort and production environment requirements.
•To significantly lower the risk of COVID-19 transmission across production and office areas and help 
maintain business continuity, ventilation by outside air (OA) was significantly increased, to meet a 
minimum of 6 air changes per hour . The higher OA percentage increases the demand for chilling, 
heating, humidification and dehumidification systems resulting in higher overall plant energy 
consumption.
•Incremental operating utility expenses not running full production capacity during lockdowns: lighting 
and other utilities.
•Additional exhaust requirements for new equipment supporting the manufacture of new mask 
product designs have also placed considerable additional load on the air conditioning in this 24/7 
area, which includes dehumidification. These contributing factors,  as well as natural variations in 
seasons across the years,  have led to modest increases.
Besides the total electricity and natural gas consumption, we also set gross energy intensity (total 
consumption/revenue in millions) that measures the relationship of ResMed energy consumption and 
revenue growth in Table 12. Despite COVID-19 restriction on production and the spike of COVID-19 
restriction related energy consumption, the steady energy intensity in 2021 indicates that our 
operation is becoming less energy-intensive and more financially rewarding compared to last year's  
data.
Manufacturing energy
Our significant manufacturing operations are located in Sydney ; Singapore;  Malaysia; and Chatsworth, 
California, USA. We use an index of energy intensity that measures the energy used for our 
production output. The index was set at 100 for fiscal y ear 20 10 and fell by 23.4% to 72.6 during fiscal 
year 2021: see Table 12. The increase of intensity index corresponds to those driving factors analyzed 
in Group Energy Use. Over the year, our energy efficiency has improved through changes to 
production equipment, manufacturing process, and production lines. This involves adding new lean 
process equipment such as robot demoulders and conveying systems. Although new process 
equipment consumes greater energy, it delivers higher productivity and better energy intensity. 
Improvements to the building plants and upgrades of the lighting system also contribute to enhancing 
the baseload energy use and intensity of the manufacturing site. 
Table 1 2: Global production energy use and intensity
2021 2020 2019
Production energy (GJ) 101,333 77 ,259 72,636
Intensity index 72.6 57 .7 62.5
55   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Non-manufacturing electricity
Energy data is separated between office and production uses at our primary manufacturing and 
research and development (R&D) site in Sydney. Over the three fiscal years 2019-2021, electricity 
consumed for office and R&D purposes has significantly decreased by 12.7%. Although the number 
of employees in these areas increased, electricity use per person fell by 20.46% see Table 13. The 
efficiency improvement reflects the positive results of lighting upgrades and control enhancement 
implemented. The Administration building on site (Innovation Centre) has installed 
an 85.8 kW Solar System that was commissioned in fiscal year 2019 to reduce the impact on the 
environment while hedging the risks associated with the fluctuating electricity market prices. A flexible 
working policy globally is in place for professional and admin staff wherein ResMedians can work 
remotely off-site and this has helped to cut our non-manufacturing energy consumption. It ’s worth 
noting that we are unable to monitor individual home energy use. Holisticall y, the impact of home-
working on the non-manufacturing energy use (office and individual) is unclear and unpredictable for 
fiscal year 2021 . However once a wider range of impacts is included, such as COVID-19 restricted 
international travels and other energy-saving benefits of working from home, the savings could be 
more significant. 
Our other sites also have implemented a number of energy efficiency initiatives:
•Malaysia, Switzerland, and Lyon have upgraded their lighting systems to LED lamps and tubes.
Malaysia site has introduced an inverter-type air compressor for energy saving. In Malaysia site
alone, the effort helps to reduce proximately more than 70 tonnes of greenhouse gas emission
during a single calendar year.
•The new Atlanta site has installed motion sensors in the warehouse and energy-efficient lamps
around the site perimeter . The site conducts quarterly preventive maintenance on heating,
ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) units;
•Our San Diego head office has adjusted lighting and air- conditioning schedules to better match
conditions and needs: The interior of the building has been updated with 50% LED lighting; parking
structure lighting has been converted to LED since Fiscal Year 2019. The recent installation of
photovoltaic panels works with 7 inverters that are designed to produce a combined of 1,302 kWh
on monthly basis. They have also leveraged their solar electricity with low-voltage lighting controlled
by daylight and motion sensors, which are also being used in Abingdon and Chatsworth. While
remote working policies are highly recommended during some months of fiscal year 2021, the site
has reduced the hours of heating system run times.
Table 13: Electricity use for research and administrative purposes, Sydney campus
Office e-MWh Δ PeopleOffice 
e-MWh/
personΔ
2021 3,401 -12.7% 912 3.73 -20.46%
2020 3,896 -5.7% 831 4.69 -7 .5%
2019 4,131 -3.8% 815 5.07 -6.0%
3 years -17 .7% -25.4%
56   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Greenhouse gas emission
Our global Scope 1 (gas-fired energy) and Scope 2 emissions have totaled 23,028 tonnes of CO2 
equivalents (T CO2-e) in fiscal year 2021: see Table 14. The increase in GHG emission is caused by 
higher grid-connected electricity usage analyzed in Global Energy, emission rises due to changes in 
our production and business activities (previously mentioned new production site, movement of a 
warehouse, COVID-19 related consumption). However, ResMed’s GHG emission intensity (T CO2-e /
$M Revenue) is now down to 7 .2 from our peak in the fiscal year 2012 (15.5 T CO2-e /$M Revenue). 
The overall company basis decline in emissions suggests the energy initiatives implemented on all 
ResMed sites have proved to have an important effect on the trends. We strive to continue reducing 
our GHG emissions through more efficient site operations and the use of renewable energy. 
The total emissions are well below the thresholds that trigger emissions reporting or liabilities in 
countries in which we operate, including the U. S., Australia, and Europe. Accordingl y, we do not 
currently calculate our non-gas Scope 1 or our Scope 3 emissions.
Table 1 4: Global greenhouse gas emissions, tonnes of CO2 equivalents, T CO2e
Total Energy 
Consumption (GJ)Total GHG Emissions 
(T CO2-e)Emissions intensity 
(T CO2-e /$M rev)
2021 166,618 23,028 7. 2
2020 153,668 22,171 7. 5
2019 128,136 19,193 7. 4
Water
Wat
er withdrawal
Our office buildings account for most of ResMed total water use, the water used for manufacturing 
purposes is negligible. We draw freshwater from the local municipal water suppliers and measure its 
use at all sites except Switzerland and UK. We do not draw water from other sources such as surface 
water or groundwater. 
In fiscal year 2021, global* water consumption is totaled in 83,199 kL with water use intensity 
dropped to 26 kL/USD $M in global revenues: see Table 15. Despite an increasing number of 
employees, the water use intensity (water consumption per capita) dropped to 10.67 kL/person. 
ResMed ’s water intensity is now 62% lower than our peak in the year 2 010 (28.34kL/person). This 
year our sites S
ydne y, Moreno Valle y, Atlanta, Munich, and Ly on spearheaded the decline in water 
consumption and water intensity. 
Our water conservation measures underpinned the decline in overall water intensity in fiscal year 
2021 . Initiatives to reduce general water consumption are observed at many of our sites: 
•Sydney site has installed water-efficient taps with an aerator to reduce flow intensity, low flow flush
toilets and sensor faucets in restrooms; Our Sydney site captured all rainwater from roofs,  hard
surfaces, and Bella Vista Farm Park with feeds to onsite ponds. Storm water pollution-control
RESMED’S WATER INTENSITY 
IS NOW 62% LOWER  THAN 
OUR PEAK IN THE YEAR 201062%
57   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
devices and bio-filters maintain the ponds’ water quality so it can serve as a habitat for native flora 
and fauna, as well as an irrigation source for native flora around the campus. For details see the Habitats Protection section. 
•In Moreno Valley site, we have installed water  friendly low flow urinal and water closet flush devices.
•Atlanta site features drought-resistant landscaping with upgraded irrigation system.
It is also noteworthy that the global remote working policy stemming from COVID-19 restrictions has 
also reduced the office water withdrawal at our premises, while instigating an increase in consumption 
in domestic areas. T
he amount of water withdrawal shifted to residential areas and individual uses 
are unclear at this st age. The reported data shall not be considered as the aggregate sum of water 
withdrawn accounting for ResMed overall business activities. 
Table 15: Global and major sites’ water withdrawal
Global*Consumption 
(kL)Per EmployeePer $M Global 
Rev
2021 83,119* 10.67 26.0
2020 83,924** 10.81 28.4
2019 79,174** 10.99 30.4
*Excludes Switzerland and the UK
**Ex cludes S
witzerland
Water Discharge
By applying water conservation and demand management principles to our offices, we have also 
reduced the quantity of water being discharged to the sewage sy stem. Water discharged for 
manufacturing purposes is negligible. Our office and commercial wastewater are discharged to 
the sewage system and transported to third-party water, local wastewater treatment plants. We 
do not discharge untreated wastewater into natural water bodies (storm 
water, a form of 
wastewater, is treated via storm water treatment devices before discharging at Sydney site, refer 
to Habitat Protection for more details). Wastewater discharged by our office buildings is 
considered domestic wastewater with minimum risks to conventional wastewater treatment 
technology. Most of the changes made to water that turn it into wastewater include:
•Warming or cooling it from kitchens
•Adding human waste
•Hygiene behavior related to COVID-19
•Adding waste from kitchens
Wastewater discharged amount is estimated by our service provider at our primary site Sydney as a 
percentage of the water delivered to the site. In fiscal year 2021, the sum of wastewater is estimated 
to be 1 7,965 kL with a discharge factor of 74% being applied to the propert y . 74% is the industry 
standard se
wage usage discharge factors established by our local service provider for a commercial 
building with a cooling towe r. Throughout 2021 we have never exceeded discharge limits. 
Water Consumption
At our Sydney premises, the sum of all water that has been withdrawn and incorporated into our 
business activities totals approximately 6313 kL during fiscal y ear 2021 . These include but are not 
limited to evaporation through air conditioning, used for irrigation, used in kitchens and maintaining 
the swimming pool. 
58   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
Paper
Our global office paper use totaled 5.06 million sheets (25 tons) in 202 1. While the global number of 
employ
ees has increased, the usage intensity per employee has decreased by 43.3% from 2020. 
There are common paper reduction initiatives at many sites to promote the use of double-sided and 
centralized printing, and by relying more on electronic means for internal communication and billing. 
In the past, our Sydney operations had undertaken a campus-wide printer refresh with better energy 
efficiency printers and swipe-release function to minimize unnecessary printing . The implementation 
resulted in a noticeable reduction in paper utilization. This system also enables data monitoring, 
which reveals paper savings from unreleased jobs for 47 ,976 and 16,278 sheets during fiscal years 
2020 and 2021, respectively . The fiscal year 2021 consumption decline reflects Covid-19 flexible work 
arrangements.
Table 16: Paper use, global
GlobalSheets (‘000) TonnesSheets per 
employeeΔ
2021 5,068 25 635 -43.3%
2020 6,640 33 851 -43.72%
2019 8,118 40 1,121 -13.62%
43.3% DECREASE
IN PAPER USAGE SINCE 2017 
EVEN THOUGH THE NUMBER OF GLOBAL EMPLOYEES HAS CONTINUED TO GROW
Waste
Our global approach to waste is integrated with and influenced by our approach to qualit y, safet y, 
and environmental management: We continually seek to improve efficiency and outcomes. All sites 
segregate recyclable waste for disposal. For 2021, we have measured the total waste sent to landfills 
and recycled in all but our UK site. In our measured sites, we have achieved a recycling rate of 53% in 
2021: see Table 17. 
Increasingly, waste manufacturing and office equipment materials are being diverted from landfills as 
their component elements, including rare earth metals, become more valuable. Packaging and pallets 
from our supply chain are the main waste contributors. Many sites, including Sydney and Munich, 
have implemented reusable cartons or pallets for our internal logistics. At our USA site, we worked 
with local suppliers to minimize shipping . We also worked with suppliers to reduce or return packaging 
for reuse, where f easible. At our Chatsworth, California, USA site, we use evaporative heating to 
dispose of water-based coolants on a small scale. In Atlanta, USA site, we have implemented an 
onsite shredder for recycling of scrapped devices commission since 2019 and worked with a recycling 
vendor to increase corrugated recycling. 
59   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
In Sydney, more deliberate action on both administrative and production waste has been triggered by 
the formalization of our environmental program with ISO 14001 accreditation since 2010. Recycling has been improved with suitable bins plus strong signage and other communication to influence behavior. Any existing or new waste material is identified and considered for recycling by the production teams and by our recycling partners who carry appropriate licenses. An additional waste stream was implemented in 2020 to recover some energy from dry waste rather than send it to landfills and achieved a diversion rate of 36.7% of the total waste to landfills in 2021 . Ongoing efforts to enhance product design can further reduce waste over its lifecycle from production, packaging to its end of life. Our recent achievements include a 53% size reduction of our autobag for 15% of spare parts with smaller dimensions, resulting in 66% of less plastic packaging. 
There are multiple sustainability projects underway to improve waste-to-landfill rates. For example, 
the Sydney site is investigating technologies to enable recycling of factory waste cushions, enable reuse in making 3D printing filaments, and innovative building materials. Finally, there are multiple environmental management systems (EMS) and projects aimed at reducing general waste by increasing sustainability in the design and manufacture of our products.
The education on environmental improvements is also embedded within our continuous improvement 
culture where we enable a quick assessment to capture improvements made by employees and combine efforts for environmental targeted improvements.
Contributing factors that led to a minor decrease in our global recycling rate in 2021 include: 
•Increased production output and a move to three shifts across all our Manufacturing sites, meant
some recyclers were not able to service the rapid increase and timing, necessitating some waste
going to landfill to avoid work health and safety concerns in congested warehouse zones.
•COVID- 19 also impacted recycling streams. Some recycling streams had to cease for a period of
time, requiring additional waste to landfill.
•Expansion of our Singapore manufacturing operations and relocation to a new larger facility at
Tuas.
Table 17: Waste from global operation. 
Landfill 
waste (T)  
(Non-hazardous 
waste)ΔRecycling 
Waste (T)  
(Non-hazardous 
waste )Recycling 
Rate (%)Hazardous 
waste (T) 
(Incinerated/
recycled/
landfilled)
2021 1,794 43.8% 1,984 53% 36.107
2020 1,248 -8.9% 2,460 66% -
2019 1,370 -21.29% 2,065 60%Global ex-UK
Sydney, Malaysia
60   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

Environmental stewardship
Land and biodiversity impacts
Our operations do not have a significant impact on the immediate en vironment. All premises have 
been built or are leased in existing commercial locations. The major Sydney and San Diego premises 
feature drought-tolerant landscaping and plantings. 
Habitat protection 
At all premises we minimize the risk to ecosystems. For example, during the construction of the 
Sydney site, ResMed retained the existing natural water features. Creeks partially flow through the 
campus; the pond and the setbacks riparian zone are in compliance with Water NSW guidance. 
The size of the habitat protected is approximately three acres. Rainwater collected from the roof and 
storm water from underground pipes is discharged into the pond via storm water collection pits. To 
maintain good water quality, we have installed waste removal systems: oil/grease traps, trash racks 
and slit pits that are cleaned and maintained regularly with maintenance records in place. Additionally, 
a biological filter is installed in the pond to maintain healthy circulation of water . Appropriate 
contractors are engaged to implement weed control as part of the landscape management with 
maintenance records. 
We have not observed or recorded the presence of species known to be endangered or protected on 
our sites. 
Sustainable design & packaging
For the past several years, ResMed has prioritized the rapid building of capability in sustainable 
design, so that we can create products that help the world breathe, while fostering a healthy planet. 
We are aiming to be leaders in environmentally sustainable design in healthcare. To achieve this goal, 
we have acted to ensure sustainability is embedded in our mindset, our teams and our processes. In 
2020 there was a strategic initiative to systemize sustainable product development across ResMed. In 
2021 we progressed even further and created a dedicated Product Sustainability team, who are 
driving efforts across the business to reduce the environmental impact of our products. These efforts 
are all in pursuit of our environmental targets for product development:
Horizon Objective
1. Incremental
(2020 - 2023)• Divert packaging waste from landfill by 2023 (Mandatory –
Australian P
ackaging Covenant Organization requirements)
•Reduction in material mass in packaging and product.
•Reduction in industrial waste, energy, and water usage
2. Evolutionary
(2024 - 2026)•Divert product waste from landfill
•Adopt low-impact materials in both packaging and product.
3. Revolutionary(2027 onwards)•Products designed for circularity
Achieved a diversion rate of 
36.7% of the
total waste to landfills in 2021.53% size reduction of our autobag for 15% of 
spare parts with smaller dimensions, resulting 
in66%  less plastic packaging.Our recent achievements include:
61   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT
In 2020 and 2021 we focused on improving the capability of our product development teams. A few 
key milestones in this area were:
•Product Sustainability Team: 
The creation of a dedicated Product Sustainability team to drive
efforts across the business.
•Design for the Environment Training: 
All product development teams received training on how to
design products with a low environmental impact.
•Product Development Process: Our product development process was updated to include
sustainability requirements and checkpoints. All product development projects now have specificsustainability requirements that align with our environmental targets.
Creating sustainable processes and informed teams is just the start of the journe y. To have a positive 
impact on the en
vironment we need to constantly strive to improve the sustainability of our products. 
To this end, in 2021 we refreshed the design of one of our mask products, enabling more sustainable 
outcomes:
AirFit N30i Product Refresh
The launch of the refreshed AirFit N30i mask represented the start of ResMed ’s shift towards 
environmental sust
ainabilit y. Through a simple design change in the mask cushion, we were able 
to completely remove the packaging tray in all of our SKU configurations, thus achieving one of our 
targets to reduce material mass in packaging. We also reduced the number of spare cushions and 
fitting templates being sold, cutting the amount of waste going to landfill. The following 
environmental claims were made when the product was re-launched.
(3)MATERIAL EFFICIENCY
Minimize use of material for part
and packaging design.OUR CURRENT FIVE FOCAL AREAS ARE:
(1)PACKAGING
Consider packaging earlyin the design phase.(2)SUBSTANCES
Avoid the use of hazardoussubstances.
(4) MANUFACTURING EFFICIENCY
Minimize the amount of waste, energy, andresources used to create parts for production.(5)CIRCULARITY
Maximiz
e use of and communicating recyclable
or reusable materials on part and packaging.
Design f
or end of life considerations.
62   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

AirFit N30i | Scone 2
As a member of the Australian Packaging Covenant Organization, ResMed is committed to 
improving the sustainability of our packaging solutions. This commitment is evident in the 
environmental targets below. Our sustainable packaging progress report can be found on the APCO 
Website.
•EU STD single packs have a 7
4% reduction in packaging by weight versus the STD STPK EU code
for Scone 2
•EU SML single packs have a 73% reduction in packaging b
y weight versus the SML STPK EU code
for Scone 2
•EU S and M cushion spares have a 73% reduction in packaging by w
eight versus the S and M
cushion spares of original N30i
•EU SW and W cushion spares have a 70% reduction in packaging by weight versus the SW and W
cushion spares of original N30i
With our product sustainability strategy in place, we will continue to make the innovative, high-quality 
products that ResMed is known for, with a strong focus on environmental sustainability.
Hazardous materials
The European Directive on the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) in electrical and 
electronic equipment has been applied to medical devices since 2014. The recast RoHS directive 
restricts lead, mercury, hexavalent chromium, Polybrominated biphenyls (PBB), and Polybrominated 
diphenyl ethers (PBDE) to 0.1% w/w, and cadmium to 0.01% w/w . Additionally, the 2015 amendment 
expands these prohibited substances list from six to ten by adding four new types of phthalates at a 
threshold of 0.1% w/w . These phthalates include Bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), Butyl benzyl 
phthalate (BBP), Dibutyl phthalate (DBP), and Di isobutyl phthalate (DIBP). This amendment came into 
effect for all medical devices which are placed on the market after 22nd July 2021 . All ResMed 
electrical devices placed on the market after this date comply with the RoHS directive. 
Supply Chain
We set out our expectations of supplier environmental performance in the ResMed Supplier Manual.  
We suppliers by our rating system if they operate to a certified environmental standard (e.g., 
ISO 14001). Our regular quality audit of supplier facilities includes observations on environmental 
performance.
Our expectations of suppliers include:
•Maintaining and disclosing up-to-date, traceable information for every individual (homogeneous)
material, as required;
•Compliance with the Restriction of Hazardous Substances directive including 2015 amendment and
compliance requirements for medical devices by July 22, 2021 ;
•Supply pre-RoHS original or , where directed, alternative RoHS-compliant parts;
•Compliance with Health Canada requirements for disclosure of DEHP (found in flexible PVC) or BP A
(found in polycarbonate); and
•Compliance with the European Union’
s 2006 Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction
of Chemicals (REACH) regulations for substances of very high concern.
63   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT

Appendix 1 – References to GRI core metrics
Section1 PageGRI Disclosure 
Reference
Our Approach to ESG 1; 2
Key ESG Indicators 200s; 300s; 400s
ResMed In Brief 1; 2
Locations and Businesses 2
Administration, Product Development, and Distribution 2
Manufacturing Operations 2
Sales and Marketing 2; 202
Relevant Awards 2
Corporate Governance 2
Risk and ESG O versight 1; 2
Business Integrity 205
Ethics and Corruption 205
Political Transparency 415
Intellectual Property 201
Our People 400s; 2
Diversity and Inclusion 405; 406
People Development 404
Hiring Policies and Practices 401
Employee Engagement and Listening 402
Work-life Balance and Flexible Working 401
Compensation and Benefits 401
Employee Consultation 401; 402
Health and Wellbeing 401; 403
Working Environment 401; 403
Health and Safety 403
Strategy for Continuous Improvement 403
Managing Health and Safety 403
Wellbeing 403
Employee Turnover 401; 402
Human Rights 400s
Our Products 416
Quality, Innovation, and Continuous Improvement 416
Research and Development and Clinical Trials 416; 417; 201
Product Quality 416
Quality with Suppliers 416
Supplier Networks Voluntary
Warranties Voluntary
Customer Satisfaction 418; 416
Product Safety 416
Marketing and Labeling 417
64   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT3
5
6
7
8
8
8
9
13
16
16
17
18
18
19
21
24
26
27
27
29
30
32
33
33
34
35
35
37
38
39
40
41
41
42
43
43
43
43
43
Section1 PageGRI Disclosure 
Reference
Biocompatibility Testing Voluntary
Military Uses Voluntary
Community 400s
Contributions to Health 416
Other Community Contributions 413
Industry and Advocacy Involvement 102
Government Contributions 201; 207
Customer Data Protection 418
Anti-Trust Behavior 206
Environment 300s
Policies and Systems 300s; 400s
Review Voluntary
Sydney Manufacturing Sites Voluntary
Other Sites Voluntary
Compliance and Incidents 300s
Production and Efficiencies 300s
Group Energy Use 302
Manufacturing Energy 302
Non-manufacturing Energy 302
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 305
Water 303
Paper 301
Waste 306
Environmental Stewardship 304; 306Appendix 1 – References to GRI core metrics (continued)
65   ResMed 20/21 Report on ESG
RESMED IN BRIEF    GOVERNANCE    OUR PEOPLE    HEALTH AND WELL BEING    OUR PRODUCTS    COMMUNITY    ENVIRONMENT44
44
45
46
47
49
49
50
50
51
52
53
52
53
53
53
54
55
56
57
57
59
59
61
ResMed Inc.
9001 Spectrum Center Blvd 
San Diego, CA 92123 
United States of America 
ResMed.com