®
SILGAN HOLDINGS
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Continuing on Our Path 
to a More Sustainable Future
www.silganholdings.com
©2021 Silgan Holdings Inc. All Rights Reserved.
www.silganholdings.com
©2021 Silgan Holdings Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WELCOME  
TO THE SILGAN HOLDINGS
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Silgan is a leading supplier of sustainable 
rigid packaging solutions for consumer 
goods products.
PET CARE FOOD BEVERAGE
Silgan Holdings Sustainability ReportBEAUTY & 
PERSONAL CAREHOME CARE
CONTENTSCOMPANY OVERVIEW
   Chairman's P erspective .......................................................................... 5 
  Corpor ate Overview  ......................................................................................... 6
  Segment Ov erview  ......................................................................................... 11
 
ENVIRONMENTAL
   Our Appr oach to Sustainability  .............................................. 13
  Pr oduct Lifecycle Management  ............................................ 14
  Envir onmental Training and Awareness  .............20
  P artners in Sustainability  ................................................................ 21
  Recy cling and Waste  .................................................................................. 22
   Climat e and Energy  ..................................................................................... 23
   W ater Consumption and Management  .................. 27 
 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
   Our Team  .......................................................................................................................... 29
   Our Products ............................................................................................................. 36
  Our Supplier s .......................................................................................................... 37
  Our Communities  ............................................................................................ 38
GOVERNANCE
  Go vernance  .................................................................................................................. 41
APPENDIX
  Corpor ate Information  ........................................................................... 44
  Legal Notic e ............................................................................................................... 44
4 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / COMPANY OVERVIEW   Chairman's P erspective .......................................................................... 5 
   Corpor ate Overview  ......................................................................................... 6
   Segment Ov erview  ......................................................................................... 11
 
CONTENTSCOMPANY 
OVERVIEW
 
5 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / COMPANY OVERVIEW
CHAIRMAN'S PERSPECTIVE
Anthony J. Allott
Chairman and CEOWe are very pleased to present the Silgan 
Holdings Sustainability Report—our inaugural effort to showcase the positive impact we 
have on the world around us and the great 
opportunities to do even more in the future. At Silgan, we believe our lasting impact will be a cleaner and healthier environment for our children and a society that offers them an equal chance to contribute and the ability 
to enjoy the fruits of their labor. This ideal is 
inextricably linked with our Mission and Principles— we simply cannot be the best at meeting our markets' needs without fully embracing 
this vision for our society. Our 
customers, employees, neighbors, and shareholders expect this of us, and we hope that this Sustainability Report will provide more information to further engender their support 
and pride in Silgan.
To be clear, we believe Silgan 
delivers a positive impact every day, in large part due to our shelf-
stable packages. Our shelf-stable 
packaging significantly reduces waste of essential food products, saves significant carbon emissions, and ensures that more food remains available for the most vulnerable in our society.
Our metal food cans, the most significant of 
our shelf-stable products, require no energy to preserve food contents after filling and represent the most recycled food and beverage 
package in the world. Metal packages are easy 
to separate and require significantly less energy to recycle, and the recycled content can be used again and again. Just as importantly, the essential nature of our customers' health and hygiene products has been demonstrated during 
the COVID-19 pandemic. Our packages ensured 
these products remained available in a safe and reliable form for consumers. Despite the clear comparative and absolute value of our packages versus any alternatives for these essential 
products, we also remain focused on further 
reducing our impact on the environment. We are continually innovating to make our products lighter and more recyclable and to utilize higher levels of recycled content.
We use plastic products where we, or our 
customers, believe the unique strength, convenience or precision molding capabilities are necessary, and then we work to ensure  their recyclability.
Approximately 95% of the products our Company produces are recyclable, and we will continue to encourage our industry partners 
to invest further and support 
greater recycling capabilities. We have made significant progress reducing our greenhouse gas emissions through productivity and investments, and yet we continue 
to see additional opportunities for 
further reductions.
Having followed a single Mission 
and set of Principles since 
our founding, we have always 
endeavored to be consistent and transparent. Our customers know 
what to expect from Silgan, and they know we will deliver upon our commitments. Our team members know our success is dependent on 
them, and therefore we look to be inclusive 
and to treat each other, at all levels of the organization, as we expect to be treated. Our shareholders know we will stay focused on performance while always protecting the 
reputation of the Company. We are proud of our 
customers, our team, and our shareholders, and we are committed to making sure they remain proud of Silgan.

6 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / COMPANY OVERVIEWCORPORATE OVERVIEW
MISSION & VALUES
From the inception of our Company, our mission 
has been to compete and win in the markets we serve by being the best at what we do. In 
support of this mission, we have steadfastly 
focused on four key principles that shape  our culture.
    We believe that we must meet the unique needs of our customers with quality products and services, while seeking an 
advantage over our peers. 
    We believe we must promote and reward 
excellence in the performance of our people because we believe this is the 
primary way to achieve competitive 
advantage.
      Where we have or believe we can develop a sustainable competitive advantage, we will seek to grow. Where we do not have a 
sustainable competitive advantage, we will 
refocus, restructure, or withdraw. 
    As we pursue our mission, we will  hold ourselves to the highest standards of ethical behavior in our internal and 
external relationships, engendering 
employee pride in the conduct as well as the achievements of the organization.Following this mission and adhering to these values over the 33 years since our founding, Silgan has grown into a company with over 15,000 employees and nearly $5 billion in annual sales generated through three operating 
segments. Our business philosophy recognizes 
that each of our businesses is unique in its own way - with different products, processes, customers, teams, suppliers, and cultures - and demands that each business stand on its own fundamentals and succeed independently of one 
another. We believe this philosophy creates an 
environment where all of our businesses can be the best at what they do.
As a result of this focus on the needs of 
our markets and customers, our focus on 
sustainability has been central to each of our businesses since our founding. This autonomy of our businesses means that the way we manage sustainability allows and encourages each of our businesses to seek 
the best solutions for their customers and 
team members. Rather than taking a top-down approach from our Holding Company, we expect each of our businesses to customize their ESG paths to meet the unique needs 
of their constituents. We believe this will 
ultimately drive the most beneficial outcome for our Company, our customers, our team, the environment, and all our constituents. These are the common set of goals and values which form the basis of our approach:
We commit to 
utilizing even 
more recovered 
or recoverable 
material in  
our productsWe will use 
smart design 
principles to 
reduce the 
environmental 
impact of new 
and existing 
productsWe will strive 
to make our 
products 
reusable or 
recyclableWe commit to 
reducing energy, 
waste, and water 
consumption in 
the manufacture  
of our productsWe hold 
ourselves to 
the highest 
standards of 
ethical behaviorSOCIAL
RESPONSIBILITYOPERATING
EFFICIENCYEND 
OF LIFEINNOVATIVE
DESIGNBETTER
MATERIALSWe are fully committed to continue investing our time, resources, and capital to 
continuously improve our 
sustainable performance. We will lead by example in our daily efforts and continuously seek innovative ways to achieve our 
sustainability goals.
7 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / COMPANY OVERVIEWSELECT CUSTOMERS
Bonduelle Group
Campbell Soup CompanyColgate-Palmolive CompanyConAgra Brands, Inc.Dairy Farmers of AmericaDel Monte CorporationEstée Lauder CompaniesGeneral Mills, Inc.Henkel AG & Co. KGaAHill’s Pet Nutrition, Inc.Hormel Foods CorporationJohnson & JohnsonL'Oréal SALVMH Moet Hennessey Louis Vuitton SEMars, IncorporatedMcCormick & Company, Inc.Mizkan Holdings Co.Molson Coors Brewing CompanyNatura & Co.Nestlé GroupNice-Pak Products, Inc.O'BoticárioPacific Coast ProducersPepsiCo Inc.Perrigo Company PlcS.C. Johnson & Son Inc.Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.Stanislaus Food Products CompanyThai Union GroupThe Coca-Cola CompanyThe Kraft Heinz CompanyThe Procter & Gamble CompanyThe Scotts Company LLCTony Downs Foods Co.TreeHouse Foods, Inc.Unilever N.V.Vi-Jon Laboratories Inc.
7 | Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / COMPANY OVERVIEW
  | 8 Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / COMPANY OVERVIEWCORPORATE OVERVIEW
WHERE WE ARE AND WHO WE SERVE
9 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / COMPANY OVERVIEWSilgan and its subsidiaries are active members in a variety of organizations to both self-educate 
and share vital learnings with industry members. Some of our memberships include:
  American Iron and Steel Institute
  American Society of Quality
  Association of Plastic Recyclers
  Better Plants (US Dept. of Energy)
  Can Manufacturers Institute
  Closed Loop Partners
  Consumer Goods Forum
  Federation of Environmental Technologists
  The Food Institute
  Metal Packaging Europe
  National Association for Environmental Management
  New Plastics Economy (Ellen MacArthur Foundation)
  Plastics Industry Association
  Produce for a Better Health Foundation
  Sedex
  Steel Recycling Institute
  Sustainable Packaging Coalition
  The Recycling Partnership
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
NOTABLE ALLIANCES & AFFILIATIONS
10 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / COMPANY OVERVIEWSilgan's internal and external constituents collectively contribute advice and guidance to support 
decision-making processes and help to align industry direction. Silgan promotes an ongoing and open dialogue among these parties through a variety of events, meetings, associations, 
partnerships, communication methods, and outreach.
CONSTITUENTS EXAMPLES OF ENGAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
Business Divisions  
& Employees  Code of Conduct
  Engagement surveys conducted annually
  Compliance training
  Performance reviews and feedback
  Town Hall meetings 
  Leadership business update meetings
  Lunch and Learns
  Silgan University, training programs
  Silgan Plastics Bottle School
  Company-wide newsletters
  Safety policies, procedures, training and goals
  Silgan Office Sustainability Policy
  Environmental awareness training and goals
Customers  Customer surveys
  Innovation meetings
  Partnerships in sustainability
  Silgan University, training programs
  Silgan Plastics Bottle School
Shareholders  Quarterly earnings calls
  Annual and quarterly financial disclosures
  Key industry conferences and events
  Direct interactions (meetings, phone, email)
Communities  Strategic community involvement plans
  Donations and community outreach
  Partnerships and sponsorships
Industry Alliances  & Affiliations  Active memberships
  Board memberships
  Sharing vital learnings with all industry members
Suppliers  Supplier Code of Conduct
  Engagement on various ESG stewardship matters
  Innovation research
Third-party reporting  CDP                                Sedex
  Ecovadis                        Conflict minerals
Note: Not all segments employ each 
engagement activity listedCORPORATE OVERVIEW
ENGAGEMENT MATRIX
11 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / COMPANY OVERVIEW
SEGMENT OVERVIEW
P         C         R
METAL  
CONTAINERSDISPENSING & 
SPECIALTY  
CLOSURESCUST0M 
CONTAINERS
Market ServedFood and beverage,  
health care,  
and household.Food, beverage, health 
care, garden, personal 
care, home and  
beauty products.Personal care, food,  
health care,  
and household.
2020 Net Sales $2,558M $1,712M $652M
Select Products
12 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALSEGMENT OVERVIEW
ENVIRONMENTAL
   Our Appr oach to Sustainability  .............................................. 13
   Pr oduct Lifecycle Management  ............................................ 14
  Envir onmental Training and Awareness  .............20
  P artners in Sustainability  ................................................................ 21
  Recy cling and Waste  .................................................................................. 22
   Climat e and Energy  ..................................................................................... 23
  W ater Consumption and Management  .................. 27
CONTENTS
13 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALOUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 
OUR SUSTAINABILITY SOLUTIONS AND VISION
SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
PRODUCTS OPERATIONS        SOCIAL
Seek ways to introduce  
more recovered material  
into our products
Use design principles to  
reduce the environmental
impact of new and existingproducts
Engage with The Recycling 
Partnership organization to increase the recycling rate  
of our productsReduce waste and  
consumption of energy and water in the  manufacturing of  
our products
Improve GHG emissions 
intensity ratio
Continuously reduce  
the amount of materials 
in our productsSafety – Drive to zero incidents
Comprehensive efforts to 
determine responsible  
sourcing by our suppliers  
of raw materials
Hold ourselves to the highest 
standards of ethical behavior in both internal and external relationships
Continue to encourage our  
team members to support the  
community in which they work
VISION CREATING VALUE WHILE REDUCING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT.Raw Materials Design & Use Disposal OperationsPackaging & 
DistributionAt Silgan, we foster a culture where the best 
idea will always win, and we carry this same 
philosophy to our approach to sustainability. Sustainability is not a new concept at Silgan, 
as we have been focused on building a lasting 
business and improving efficiency since the inception of our Company. From our founding, we have continually worked to improve the sustainability of our businesses and products by reducing our consumption of raw materials, 
energy, and water, thus reducing our production 
of waste and other by-products. We believe these activities are critical to any business focused on long-term success. In our efforts to improve the sustainability of our products, we have relied on each of our businesses' 
leadership and innovation agenda to drive its 
own sustainability destiny and improvement from within. We believe this will ultimately deliver the most beneficial and sustainable outcome for our Company, our customers, our team, the environment, and all our constituents.
14 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALPRODUCT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT
ENVIRONMENTAL BENEFITS OF METAL FOOD PACKAGINGAt Silgan, our products provide critical  
attributes to protect and deliver vital goods in  
a safe and sustainable manner. The materials 
we use in our packaging depend upon the 
specific needs of the products and consumers  of those products.
Our Metal Containers segment produces steel 
and aluminum food cans that provide low-
cost and low-waste food options to hundreds 
of millions of people annually, are infinitely recyclable, and represent the most highly recycled food and beverage package. We also produce general line cans manufactured with 
steel to package and protect a multitude of  
non-food and beverage products. These general line cans enjoy the same environmental benefits as our food cans. Our metal packaging products are a perfect example of a cradle-to-cradle design; the unique properties of both steel and 
aluminum substrates allow our metal packaging 
to be easily reclaimed and infinitely recyclable.
By weight, the majority of our products (78%) are produced from metal – which includes both steel and aluminum cans and metal closures, 
predominantly used to package food and 
beverage products. When fresh produce is packed in a can, it is harvested at the peak of freshness, and its greatest nutritional value is essentially locked-
in at the time of filling. Alternatively, produce 
to be sold and consumed as fresh is typically harvested prematurely and ripens while in transit. Canning operations are typically located in close proximity to where produce is grown, thus eliminating unnecessary transportation 
costs and ensuring that the product is packed within hours of harvesting. Once a product is 
packed in a can, the extended shelf-life ensures consumers enjoy the same great taste for years, and the nutritional value is maintained without the need for preservatives or energy-consuming 
refrigeration and/or freezing.
Globally, food production is responsible for 
a quarter of the world's greenhouse gas emissions, so when food is wasted it creates unnecessary carbon emissions and is harmful to the environment. In the United States alone, up to 40% of food products are not consumed and become waste. The majority of that waste comes from fresh produce that never makes it 
to the consumer due to yield loss from the field 
100% Recyclable
Infinitely Recyclable77% As much as 77% recycled content
Long shelf-life to preserve food
Minimal food waste compared to  
alternate delivery (fresh, frozen)Most recycled food package  
in the U.S. (71%)
Easily separable in the recycling  
& waste streamPRODUCT 
MATERIALS 
WEIGHT IN
2019  APPROXIMATELY  
95%   
OF OUR 
PRODUCTS ARE 
RECYCLABLE78%
METAL22%
PLASTIC
Our metal food packages provide many 
benefits, including:
15 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALPRODUCT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT
 Metal has inherent qualities that other materials strive for. It has always been 100%  
recyclable, easy to recycle, and is infinitely reborn into something new.
MATERIALS DESIGN NEW LIFE
 
Fact: METAL WINS RECYCLINGEASY OPEN-LOOP  
RECYCLING STEEL MANUFACTURERS
   It is 100% r ecyclable and  
infinitely recyclable      Materials recovery facilities 
can easily separate steel from 
the rest of the single stream recyclables due to its magnetic characteristic   The s teel making process requires old  
steel to make new steel, and recycled steel takes 75% less energy to produce
 Because:   Ne ver loses its strength  
characteristics   Met al is not hindered by design  
   All s teel regardless of size, 
color, or thickness is separated for recycling   Met al scrap from different markets can  
be interchangeably used in the process for making new steel products. 
    
-  St eel processing operations are extremely  
tolerant of contaminants
 Result:   The s teel can is the most  
recycled food package in U.S.   St eel food cans are a positive 
source of revenue that aid materials recovery facilities in sustainably operating    80%-90% of s teel ever produced is in 
use todayto the table. Food waste is a major concern for 
many. Over 40% of the total food waste in the U.S. occurs in consumers' homes and ultimately 
winds up in landfills. When food waste reaches 
a landfill, it decomposes outside the presence of oxygen, and a significant by-product of the decomposition is the creation of methane gas. As we focus on improving the sustainability of our environment, it is important to understand 
that the global warming potential of methane 
gas is 28 times greater than carbon dioxide. 
Packaging food in metal cans rather than 
packaging for refrigeration and/or freezing
could save up to 750 million pounds of food  
per year in North America alone.*After the food in a can has been enjoyed by the consumer, our package is 100% recyclable, and steel cans, in particular, are easily sorted in the 
waste and recycling stream by utilizing their 
magnetic properties.
In fact, food cans are the most recycled food or 
beverage package in the U.S., with 71% of steel food cans being recycled annually. Not only are 
food cans the most recycled food or beverage 
package in the country, but they are also infinitely recyclable and 80-90% of all steel ever produced is still in use in some form  today. Our food cans use as much as 77% 
recycled content.
Similar to our metal food can products, our metal closures products 
are infinitely recyclable, are 100% recyclable, and enable our customers to package shelf-stable food and beverage products under a vacuum. The packaging environment created by the vacuum (typically with a 
glass bottle or jar) enables the contents to be shelf-stable, which saves 
valuable energy compared to alternative food delivery channels like refrigerated, frozen, or fresh food products.
* Sour ce: “Effects of Metal Packaging on Energy and Food Waste.” University of Delaware and Crown Packaging, extrapolated data.FOCUS ON STEEL

16 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALPRODUCT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT
At Silgan, we understand the opportunities and 
challenges that packaging can create. We also understand the trends in consumer preference 
for packaging innovation that focus on 
environmental sustainability and stewardship. We realize that the functional benefits our metal containers and closures provide from a product lifecycle perspective create an opportunity for Silgan to harness our expertise in metal packaging to penetrate new markets where metal packaging has not historically had a 
presence. To that end, our global marketing 
and R&D teams have been collaborating with existing and potential customers to help meet the unique needs of their evolving products and end-market consumers' preferences.
We've developed new steel beverage cup 
products to meet growing demand in several channels as alternatives to single-use plastic 
cups. Our cups are easily recyclable because 
they're made of steel, are infinitely recyclable, and provide a premium consumer experience. 
Our R&D teams have been hard at 
work developing steel and aluminum containers that we believe are excellent 
alternatives for food and beverage 
customers considering a more sustainable packaging format for their single-use products that are typically packaged in small-sized and medium-sized cups. We're actively working 
with several large consumer products 
companies to bring these products to market and have seen strong interest across a broad range of end markets.
We've also had success bringing the benefits of the metal can to non-food or beverage end markets. The environmental benefits of 
metal cans, as well as the robust nature and 
protective qualities of these cans, make them an ideal alternative to other packaging options.
17 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALPRODUCT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT
We also produce containers, closures, and 
dispensing products that provide specifically designed attributes through the use of unique 
polymer-based materials. The benefit these 
unique materials bring to the products we produce tends to dictate that a plastic package, closure, or dispenser is the most effective way to deliver the product to consumers.
For instance, we produce plastic dispensing 
trigger sprayers for products like hard surface cleaners and plastic pumps for lotion, hand soap, cosmetics, and other applications. These plastic products provide the unique benefit 
of aeration dispersion (spray) for cleaning 
products and measured doses for lotion and other pumps that generally cannot be economically achieved using other materials.Our culture of continuous improvement is always working to reduce the amount of materials in our packaging products, drive recyclability, and promote responsible practices like recycling. That is in part why we have 
partnered with organizations like The Recycling 
Partnership, The Sustainable Packaging Coalition, The Association of Plastic Recyclers, the Packaging Consortium, and many more. It is also in part why Silgan Plastics has joined in the Ellen MacArthur Foundations' New Plastics 
Economy, because we believe that the future 
of plastics includes increased recycling, more sustainable plastic packaging, and less plastic waste. As the demand for sustainable packaging rises, so does the number of alternative resin 
options. Emerging recycling technologies, such 
as molecular recycling, are rapidly advancing and increasing the realistic options for enhanced recycling rates.
Our materials team and engineers are continuously 
investigating and testing new resin alternatives. Post-Consumer Recycled (PCR) resin is the most widely used option. Products manufactured from 
PCR resin require fewer natural resources compared 
to virgin resin and are still recyclable, making them an environmentally friendly option. Silgan Plastics sources high density polyethylene (HDPE) PCR and polyethylene terephthalate (PET) PCR resins from multiple qualified suppliers and can offer both food 
grade and non-food grade options, depending on 
the application. We produce bottles with up to 100% PCR resin in a mono-layer product and can create virtually any HDPE PCR concentration through our mono-layer and multi-layer packaging options. Many 
multi-layer packages allow us to encase PCR resin in 
the middle layer of the package. This avoids product contact and enables a pristine inner and outer layer and optimum shelf appeal. Emerging recycling technologies, such as molecular recycling, are rapidly advancing and increasing the realistic options 
for enhanced recycling rates.In 2019, we produced  
58.2 million units using nearly  
6 million pounds of PCR.THE POWER OF PLASTIC
18 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALPRODUCT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT
THE POWER OF PLASTIC
In our closures business, our project 
management teams use a stage-gate process to commercialize innovative new products and 
technologies. We typically have approximately 
20 development projects moving through the stage-gate process. At Silgan, we have invested significant time and resources in our efforts to increase the level of PCR resin utilized in our products and developed tethered closures for 
many of our high-volume plastic closures.
Silgan Dispensing has joined the Association of Plastic Recyclers (APR) Recycling Demand 
Champion program, with a firm commitment to increase the use of PCR resins in our products.
Since early 2019, we have grown the number of our core dispensing products available with  
PCR components by over 700%, leading to the largest portfolio of PCR dispensing offerings  in the market today. 
HOW DOES USING POLYPROPYLENE PCR MAKE A DIFFERENCE? 
88% 46% 71%
less total energy used 
for producing 
PCR vs. virgin materialless water consumed 
in the production of 
PCR vs. virgin materialreduction in greenhouse 
gases when producing 
PCR vs. virgin material
Source: Life cycle impacts for PCR resins: PET, HDPE, & PP, Franklin Associate, December 2018INCREASING PCR CONTENT
Silgan Closures' materials group is testing a variety of PCR levels with our customers in several of our highest volume products and 
is targeting 25 to 50 percent PCR content in 
selected closures in the near term. The product lines include both hot-fill (isotonic drinks, shelf-stable juice, etc.) and cold-fill (dairy) applications. Silgan Closures has recently been awarded the Association of Plastic Recyclers' 
(APR) Recycling Demand Champion designation 
as a result of our dedication to increasing PCR use and our plan to continue to progress in  this important area. We have also been testing the use of Bio Resins in many of our popular 
closures and have already begun to achieve 
commercial supply.Silgan Stay-On
TM Closures remain attached to 
the bottle with a tether or hinge after the bottle is opened. This technology prevents the closure 
from separating from the bottle and potentially 
becoming waste. It also ensures the closure gets recycled with the package. A closure is small enough that if it is not replaced onto the package prior to recycling, it may get lost in the sorting process at the recycling facility. 
Currently, consumers are encouraged to reseal 
the package with the closure for recycling. By utilizing our Stay-On Closure, the bottle, with the closure attached, ensures the closure progresses through the sorting process and 
arrives at its proper recycling stream without 
consumers' action. Silgan offers Stay-On
TM 
Closures in a number of designs for processes, including hot fill, cold fill, and aseptic.
STAY-ON CLOSURES
19 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALPRODUCT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT
Dispensing technologies that improve the 
consumer usage experience can also enable a shift towards more sustainable packaging 
options. Ultra-concentrated formulas in 
categories such as liquid laundry can deliver the same number of loads with up to 75% lighter packaging, 60% less plastic, and 50% less water than traditional detergents. However, concentrate formulas tend to be 
thicker and harder to measure and dispense. 
To meet this need, Silgan Dispensing developed MeaSURE
TM.We also recognize that after a product's use, the ability to reuse or recycle is a key way to extend the life of the product and significantly reduce its environmental footprint. Traditionally, Fine 
Fragrance pumps are permanently attached to 
the bottle, which makes it impossible to remove them from a bottle after use. To address the need for more sustainable fragrance packaging, Silgan Dispensing developed the Melodie
® 
PirouetteTM sprayer.
This product, which was recently launched with a major brand through the e-commerce channel and has received rave consumer reviews.No-hassle separation of the pump from the bottle makes it easier to recycle the glass bottle. The new design also makes refilling and reuse of the bottle possible.Silgan Dispensing developed the 
Melodie® PirouetteTM sprayer 
with a threaded screw closure, 
enabling the easy removal of the 
pump from the glass bottle by 
the consumer.Designed for household 
concentrates, MeaSURETM is an 
innovative closure that delivers 
mess-free, controlled dosing 
through an easy, one-handed 
squeeze of the bottle rather than 
a traditional measuring cup.
DISPENSING INNOVATIONS DESIGNED TO DRIVE SUSTAINABILITY
20 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTAL
ENVIRONMENTAL TRAINING AND AWARENESS
As part of the ongoing training that we provide 
our team to safely and effectively execute their tasks, our businesses train employees 
on our environmental policies and how their 
day-to-day activities may be impacted by those policies. Our operations teams ensure that our manufacturing facilities are in compliance with these policies on an ongoing basis and that our practices on the manufacturing floor support the environmental goals the businesses have defined. Given our commitment to sustainability and the key role our products serve in bringing 
our customers' products to market, we work 
collaboratively with our customers to both reduce the impact our products have on the environment and promote the benefits our products offer in reducing the environmental footprint of our customers' products.
20 | Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTAL
21 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALPARTNERS IN SUSTAINABILITY
Waste has become a global environmental 
challenge and reducing waste in the environment requires the participation and 
long-term commitment of all aspects of society, 
including consumers, manufacturers, brand owners, developers, and government. Through our active involvement and partnership with these and other organizations, we are  able to utilize the world's best practices in 
order to design and implement solutions that 
minimize our packaging products' impact on  the environment.
As a manufacturing company, our largest source of greenhouse gas emissions is derived from our electricity consumption. Machinery used to shear and coat metal coils as well as to shape 
metal sheets into cans and ends generates 
over 50% of our annual carbon intensity index (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions). While our facilities employ Continuous Improvement tools to improve our process efficiencies further, we are continually looking for new ideas and tools to 
aid our efforts. Consequently, Silgan Containers, 
our U.S. metal containers business, signed a partnership in late 2019 with the Department of Energy (DOE) to participate in their Better Plants Program.Launched in 2011, the program currently includes over 200 partner organizations across the manufacturing industry and public water and wastewater treatment utilities.
Partners receive a dedicated Technical 
Account Manager (TAM) who helps them establish energy baselines, develop energy management plans, identify energy-saving and energy-recovery opportunities, and 
track energy performance metrics. With the 
assistance of the DOE and the research of local universities, partners aim to reduce their energy consumption—for electricity, natural gas, and water—by 25% over ten years.
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY BETTER
PLANTS PARTNERSHIP (BPP)
METAL CONTAINERS SPOTLIGHT
22 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTAL
RECYCLING AND WASTE
At Silgan, in order to ensure the lowest possible 
footprint of our businesses and the most efficient operations, we believe it's important 
to manage our levels of waste generation 
and disposal. In our businesses that utilize metal, certain manufacturing processes that help ensure the extended shelf-life of products may also generate waste. Likewise, some of our packaging products that utilize 
plastics also require a variety of materials 
for manufacturability to meet our customers' unique requirements. In all cases, we take great care to ensure that we minimize these waste by-products and that any by-products we create are handled and disposed of safely and 
in a timely manner. Additionally, our facilities 
generate recyclable waste, mostly in the form of production scrap—steel and aluminum for our metal packaging and resin for our plastic packaging—as well as pallets, metal and plastic banding, and shrink wrap for transporting our 
materials and products. We are proud of our 
efforts to capture the recyclable waste and return it to the recycling stream.
In 2019, our facilities generated approximately 132,000 tonnes of waste, and approximately  
95% of that waste was recycled. By comparison, 
the 5% of our waste that was not recycled represented just 0.4% of our total materials consumption weight that does not become a finished product or is recycled.Our facilities have also implemented recycling programs to minimize their landfill waste and 
best management practices to reuse materials 
when possible.WASTE GENERATION AND DISPOSAL MANAGEMENT
Silgan Holdings Waste
Trash Recycle2019Waste (tonnes)
6,797140,000  ----
120,000  ----
100,000  ----
80,000  ----
60,000  ----
40,000  ----
20,000  ----
0 ----95%
RECYCLED
125,097

23 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALCLIMATE AND ENERGY
GREENHOUSE GAS INVENTORY
As a manufacturing company, our facilities 
utilize a variety of energy sources to power our processes. Electricity consumption 
traditionally is the largest component of our 
overall energy consumption and Greenhouse Gas (GHG) footprint. Our second-largest energy consumable is natural gas. Natural gas is critical both for certain manufacturing processes and for those facilities that operate 
thermal oxidizers to ensure safe air emissions 
from our plants.
800,000
700,000
600,000
500,000400,000
300,000
200,000100,000
0Silgan Holdings
Carbon Intensity Index (CII)
GHG Emissions by Scope
GHG (tonne CO2e)OUR SUCCESS IN 
REDUCING OVERALL 
EMISSIONS IS THE 
RESULT OF EFFORTS AT OUR OPERATING 
FACILITIES TO  
MAXIMIZE ENERGY 
EFFICIENCY. ’’
Scope 1
Total Direct Emission 
(Scope 1 & 2)Scope 2‘‘
224,227 219,765 224,714557,458 533,882 512,2202019 2018 2017
736,934753,647781,685
Note:   Sc opes 1 and 2 emissions as defined by the World Resources Institute's Greenhouse Gas Protocol. 
24 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALCLIMATE AND ENERGY
Between 2017 and 2019, we achieved a 
decrease in GHG emissions of 44,751 tonnes 
CO2e, or 5.7%. Our success in reducing overall 
emissions is primarily the result of efforts at our operating facilities to maximize our 
energy efficiency. During this time period, our 
facilities implemented a variety of projects, such as installing energy-efficient LED lighting, improving our manufacturing equipment, and— in some instances—sourcing renewable energy for our electricity consumption. We have also begun pursuing select virtual power purchase agreements (VPPA) to source renewable energy where it makes sense for our businesses.
Several of our businesses have also established 
partnerships with the Department of Energy 
(DOE) and its Better Plants Program, which we believe will continue to drive progress on reducing our emissions intensity through continuous improvement and efficiency gains.
Carbon Intensity Index (CII) 2017 2018 2019 2017-2019 CHANGE (%)
CII Emissions
(Scopes 1 and 2 tonne CO2e)781,685 753,647 736,934 (5.7%)
25 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALENERGY CONSUMPTION
In 2019, our facilities consumed 7,873,361 
gigajoules (GJ) of energy. While our energy consumption increased modestly from 2018 to 
2019 as we experienced higher production output 
in many of our businesses, our greenhouse gas emissions declined over the same period, as our plants worked to improve efficiency and sourced more energy from renewable sources. Silgan is committed to improving our operating efficiency and reducing our energy consumption in the future. We continue to invest, and our 
operating facilities continue to implement 
projects, to improve equipment efficiency and upgrade to energy-efficient technologies, some of which have already led to considerable energy consumption reductions.
9,000,000
8,000,0007,000,0006,000,0005,000,0004,000,0003,000,0002,000,000
1,000.000
0
4,500,000
4,000,0003,500,0003,000,0002,500,0002,000,0001,500,0001,000,000
500.000
02019 2018 2017Silgan Energy Consumption
Silgan Energy Consumption by Source
Electricity                Natur al Gas                Freight         Propane  Pool Car*  Diesel*  Gasoline* Fuel Oil*  
* Tracked but immaterial.
Energy Consumption (GJ)Energy Consumption (GJ)2019 2018 2017CLIMATE AND ENERGY
7,571,363 7,746,0737,873,361
26 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALCLIMATE AND ENERGY
LED LIGHTING REPLACEMENT
Transitioning lighting to LED is an effective 
way to reduce electricity consumption and environmental waste. Silgan has implemented 
LED lighting projects across many of our 
operating facilities to replace older light bulbs with new energy-efficient LEDs. One of our facilities in Champaign, IL, completed a facility-wide lighting project recently.The scope of the project was to upgrade to LED lighting throughout the plant. The plant's previous lighting, fluorescent and high-pressure 
sodium lights, were inefficient and costly to 
operate. With this investment to retrofit the facility lighting, the plant estimates an annual electricity reduction of 953,000 kWh, equivalent to approximately 658 tonnes CO
2e.
In conjunction with these projects, several of our businesses have entered into a partnership with the Department of Energy (DOE) to 
participate in their Better Plants Program. 
Through this program, the DOE provides its energy expertise to improve the energy efficiency of manufacturing facilities in the United States. This process involves energy audit teams at local 
universities who visit our facilities and collect 
data and feedback from our team and then use that information to create recommendations to reduce energy consumption.While renewable energy is a smaller portion of our energy consumption at Silgan, it has been increasing as a percentage of our overall energy 
consumption mix for the past two years. Silgan 
has accomplished this improvement primarily by sourcing renewable forms of electricity, both on-site and off-site. In some instances, we have installed on-site renewable energy, such as at 
our Silgan Containers facility in Edison, NJ.
2017 2018 2019
Renewable energy as
percentage of total
energy consumed0.39% 0.89% 2.21%Renewable EnergyDISPENSING & SPECIALTY  
CLOSURES SPOTLIGHT
Facility
Edison NJ
Size
1.5 MW
Estimated Production
1.9 GWh per YrEstimated Lifetime  Production45 GWh
Panels
Trina SolarSolar InstallerPfister Energy
CO
2 Emission Reduction
33,490 Metric TonsON-SITE SOLAR ENERGY – EDISON, NJ (UNITED STATES)
METAL CONTAINERS SPOTLIGHT
SYSTEM DETAILS
27 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / ENVIRONMENTALWATER CONSUMPTION AND MANAGEMENT
WATER CONSUMPTION
Our production processes are generally 
not water-intensive, but we do utilize water for certain production processes outside of 
standard domestic uses. Information on water 
consumption is presented for 2019 only since comprehensive, reliable data for the entirety of Silgan's global footprint was not available at all facilities prior to 2019. An example of some of the challenges we have in capturing this data includes our on-site, co-located facilities with our customers where we share operations, space, and certain consumables such as water. 
As a result, our historical data prior to 2019 
would only be estimated, and we believe the correct path forward is to use 2019 as our baseline and track water consumption from 2019 forward. For 2019, our facilities consumed 1.6 million m
3 of water.
2019Silgan 
Holdings Water
Water 
Consumption (m3)
1,800,000 200,000
400,000
600,000 1,400,000
800,000
1,000,0001,200,0000
1,693,276
WATER MANAGEMENT
Our Scarborough, Ontario, Canada Plastic 
Container facility has seen tremendous improvements related to sustainability and 
overall operational efficiency. In 2019, the plant 
transitioned to the Demand Delivery Point of Use program that provides direct delivery of materials to a specified location on a plant floor near the operation where it is to be used, reducing the on-site waste. We also installed  
a water softener to remove the hardness 
of incoming water, easing the corrosion on machines, tooling, and other equipment. Especially impressive was the Cooling Tower Water Reduction Project, where the feed water for the cooling towers was mechanically 
monitored and conditioned, resulting in over 
one million gallons of water saved annually. With these initiatives, the plant earned the prestigious Sustainability Leadership  Award from Klenzoid, a software solution company specializing in minimizing water  
and energy usage.
CUSTOM CONTAINERS SPOTLIGHT

28 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYSOCIAL
RESPONSIBILITY
   Our Team  .......................................................................................................................... 29
   Our Products ............................................................................................................. 36
   Our Suppliers  .......................................................................................................... 37
   Our Communities  ............................................................................................ 38
CONTENTS
29 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
OUR TEAM
OVERVIEW OF CULTURE
At Silgan, our culture is shaped by the Mission 
and Principles we have pursued since the Company was established in 1987, and is based 
on excellence, ownership, and accountability. At 
the center of this mission is the understanding that the most meaningful way we can create value for all of our constituents is to foster the growth and creation of businesses with strong, sustainable competitive advantages 
over the long term by providing unique goods 
and services to our customers. A key tenet to achieving this goal is the firm belief that the people of Silgan represent our greatest asset. As a result, our culture has always been one 
that places a high emphasis on ownership 
and finding the unique solutions required to overcome challenges. It is with this same passion that our team addresses issues like sustainability.TEAM ENGAGEMENT
Our success is dependent on creating and sustaining a culture of inclusion and respect for the ideas and contributions of every 
team member. This starts with clearly 
communicating with our team, and, just as importantly, collecting and listening to feedback and input from them on a consistent basis. Each of our businesses employs its own tools for communicating with and collecting 
input from employees, including the Silgan 
Intranet, employee satisfaction surveys, safety observation reports, training programs, newsletters, news networks, management meetings, and other engagement tools. 
A hallmark of Silgan is the "socratic" method, 
utilized in our team meetings. Simply stated, every opinion, no matter from whom it emanates, is to be shared, respected, and assessed solely on its actual merits. We 
find this approach goes a long way to foster 
engagement, distances us from bias, and results in better decision making day-in  and day-out.

30 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYOUR TEAM
BENEFITS OVERVIEW
Silgan offers a comprehensive package of 
benefits to all full-time employees, from competitive salaries to health and life 
insurance, retirement plans, paid leave, 
vacation, and more.
EQUALITY & INCLUSION
At Silgan, we value the differences that make our employees who they are, and we pride ourselves on harnessing our differences to 
make us better at what we do. Our culture is 
one of inclusion and encouragement where we challenge ourselves on a daily basis to be more understanding of each other and to find ways to create common ground and unity in our workforce. Across our businesses, we promote 
fair and equal opportunity recruitment, hiring, 
and advancement practices, seeking to fill each unique role within our workforce of over 15,000 team members with the most qualified candidate, regardless of race, religion, gender, 
or any other characteristic other than the candidate's qualification to perform the task, ensuring equal opportunity for all candidates. 
In the U.S., which represented about 53% of our team in 2018, and where we report data on our demographics on an annual basis, our population was 26% female and 74% male. 
STOCK OWNERSHIP
At Silgan, we believe that every challenge has a unique solution, and, when it comes to the compensation of our employees, we believe in  
a diverse set of compensation in order to attract 
and retain top talent in every role. We believe the Company has benefitted greatly over time as a result of high insider ownership of our stock. On the other hand, we are also aware of the overweighted importance of Silgan to our 
employees in terms of providing a job, benefits, 
and other support. Therefore, and in light of our belief in diversification of risk, employees are always welcome to purchase Silgan stock, but we do not incentivize it and only require our 
Officers and Directors to own Silgan stock.
31 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYOUR TEAM 
For all of us, the balance between work and 
personal life can be a perpetual challenge. We want Silgan team members to know that they 
are not alone. To that end, Silgan provides an 
Employee Assistance Program free of charge to all benefit-eligible employees to help find solutions for the everyday challenges of work and home, as well as for more serious issues involving emotional and physical well-being. The 
program is available 24/7/365 to employees via 
telephone, face-to-face, and online resources.
Sedex conducts high quality audits that encompass all  
aspects of responsible business practice, covering Sedex’s  
four pillars of Labor, Health and Safety, Environment and Business Ethics. Many of Silgan’s plants have been audited  by Sedex and confirmed to be compliant.WORK-LIFE BALANCE & PERSONAL SUPPORT
Our mission and principles have instilled a strong 
emphasis on safety in our culture, as we view our people as our greatest asset. We believe 
that the safety of our team is one of the first and 
foremost responsibilities of every employee of the Company. Our safety performance metrics are reported to our most senior leadership on at least a monthly basis, and we have defined protocols for significant events. 
Our continuous improvement culture is 
designed so our team members come to work in a safe environment, utilize best practices to fulfill their jobs in the safest manner possible 
and return home in the same condition as they 
arrived to work. We currently operate at world-class levels of safety, but believe more can always be done.
POLICIES AND TRAINING
Given the high importance we place on safety and recognizing that our businesses employ very different manufacturing processes that 
may require different approaches to safety, our 
safety policies are designed and implemented separately by each of our business management teams. Common to all of these policies is the promise to train all of our employees to operate our equipment in a manner that is 
safe, effective, and avoids injury. In addition to 
initial safety training for our team, we provide ongoing safety training to ensure that we learn from any incidents that may arise and become a safer organization as a result. It is important 
to celebrate our safety success, but our policies 
are also clear that we will take disciplinary actions when employees fail to follow safety precautions, as unsafe behavior puts all of our team at risk. We all take the obligation of safety personally to provide a safe operating 
environment for our team.
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS
Operating a global network of over 100 plants 
that provide essential products to customers and consumers, our products and our Company 
serve an important role in global emergency 
preparedness and crisis response. Our metal  
and plastic food containers make it possible to store food and ready-to-eat meals with long shelf-lives without the need for refrigeration or other preservatives and have proven essential in 
times of national and global emergency or crisis.
Within our Company, we believe our diverse 
geographic footprint prepares us well to continue to supply our customers in 
times when we may be directly affected by 
local emergencies or crises. From a risk management perspective, we generally do not operate on a centralized model for most of our functions. This allows each of our businesses to continue to operate our facilities and produce 
our products should our management or other 
offices be affected by local emergencies.OUR SAFETY CULTURE
32 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYOUR TEAM 
HISTORICAL RECORDABLE INJURY AND ILLNESS RATES
As a result of our rigorous focus on safety 
throughout the history of our Company, we have shown meaningful improvements in 
the absolute number and rates of Lost Time 
Incidents (LTI) and Recordable Incident Rates (RIR) throughout our businesses. In 2019, we decreased our total LTI Rate by 7% and our total RIR by 14% from 2018. Over a two-year period, our total LTI rate has decreased by 14%, and our total RIR declined by 25%. We take great 
pride in the safety performance our culture has 
driven and believe we can continue to further improve our performance over time through our relentless focus on safety and training.
In 2019, Silgan Plastics delivered extraordinary year-on-year performance improvement in safety, and with our relentless focus on 
safety we believe there is even more we can 
accomplish. When faced with new challenges, new technologies, new team members, and many changing landscapes, our team rose to the occasion, were experts in their fields, and made our environments safer for all employees.
We always encourage our team members to 
look at challenges in new and different ways, and that helps drive our winning culture. Every person in our business has a responsibility for 
safety, and we hold one another accountable. 
We encourage everyone in every position to say something if they see something. While we reward outstanding performance, we also work together to identify behaviors and actions that 
potentially pose risks to our team and develop 
procedures and training to address such items.
In 2019, 17 of our 19 plastic container 
manufacturing facilities performed at or better than in 2018, and we ended the year with 18 
fewer recordable incidents than in 2018. The 
lack of incidents means employees return from work in the same condition as they left from home. That is a statistic we take very seriously and never for granted. 
SILGAN PLASTICS SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM.........................................................................................................
.........................................................................................................
..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
.........................................................................................................
.........................................................................................................
..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
.........................................................................................................
.........................................................................................................
.........................................................................................................2
1.81.61.4
1.2
1.0
0.80.6
0.4
0.2
0
0.850.740.641.51.61.852019 2018 2017
Recordable Incident Rate
Lost Time IncidentSAFETY 
RECORDCUSTOM CONTAINERS SPOTLIGHTFrequency
(Injuries / 200,00 Labor Hours)
33 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYOUR TEAM
As our mission and principles state, we 
believe that we must promote and reward the performance of our team, as this will help drive 
sustainable competitive advantages for our 
Company over the long term. To this end, our businesses have implemented various training and management programs to identify potential leaders and foster growth. We seek to combine the efforts of recruiting with a commitment post-hire to extensive training and development. It is our belief that 
the brightest future for our team includes both 
career development and advancement. Silgan encourages our employees to take pride in their work, pride in their accomplishments, and pride in serving our customers.DEVELOPMENT & TRAINING
MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMDEVELOPMENT & TRAINING
METAL CONTAINERS SPOTLIGHT
PHASE 1:  
ON-THE-JOB TRAINING
Management Trainees 
work with experienced colleagues, learning 
to operate, maintain 
and adjust all can-making equipment. Additional training will be focused on safety, 
quality, and technical/
manufacturing processes and procedures.PHASE 2:  
SPECIAL PROJECTS
During this flexibly 
scheduled period, Management 
Trainees work on 
projects assigned by their Superintendent and gain experience in a specific area.PHASE 3:  
ON-SITE WORK
Management Trainees 
report directly to Plant Superintendents and 
carry out increasing 
responsibilities while learning leadership, problem-solving and management 
skills. Closer to the 
completion of their training, Management Trainees can become full-time Production 
Supervisors.
Trainees are also given a reading list of technical and general management books to help round out their instruction 
throughout our program.WHAT YOU GET FROM OUR TWO-YEAR PROGRAMSilgan Containers' Production 
Management Development Program is tailored for individuals with a superior 
mechanical aptitude and the potential 
to manage complex manufacturing operations. We seek out talented individuals with strong leadership skills and mechanical capabilities.
Upon successful completion of 
our intensive, multi-year program, candidates are qualified to serve as Production Supervisors in our metal can facilities and are assigned to 
a manufacturing plant. Further 
advancement will depend on individual performance, leadership, management capability, and the capacity to assume greater responsibility.
34 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYOUR TEAM
To afford our team the best working experience, 
we offer a variety of training programs. Programs range from manufacturing practices, 
education in mechanics and engineering, 
management development, problem-solving, skill set development, and leadership development. Each employee, particularly at the plant level, is encouraged to complete at least 40 hours of training a year to stay up to 
date on new industry trends and manufacturing 
practices. 
In addition to in-house development, it is 
Silgan Plastics' policy to provide eligible team members with assistance in furthering their education for their benefit and the Company. The Company encourages our team to take 
courses that will improve their present job 
performance, assist in preparing them for greater responsibility and allow them to earn certificates or degrees, including advanced degrees, from qualified educational institutions.Production Management Development
Job Safety Analysis
Equipment Technology Seminars
Equipment Training Courses
Safety Training
Lean Six Sigma TrainingStrategic Plant Planning
Bottle School
CPR Training
AIM Management Training
Corporate Improvement Teams
Production Supervisor Quality
Mechanics Training Program
Silgan Central Online Portal
Closing Machine Setup/Changeover
HR – Employment Practices  
         (multiple course topics)  
Emergency Action Preparedness
AED TrainingSILGAN PLASTIC TEAM  
DEVELOPMENT
CUSTOM CONTAINERS SPOTLIGHT

35 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYRECRUITING PRACTICES
At Silgan, we believe that each of our 
businesses requires unique individuals to make the organization successful, and we 
believe that our businesses are best suited 
to find those people in the local markets in which they operate. As a result and in order to find the best talent possible, we manage our recruitment locally rather than from a centralized corporate office, which we believe 
provides more opportunity for each of our businesses and the people in each community 
where we operate. Our businesses pursue a diverse set of recruitment opportunities that 
have proven effective over time, including 
offering internships and participating in  college and university career fairs. To ensure  our culture continues to evolve, we require  that all hiring opportunities include candidates from diverse backgrounds where possible.OUR TEAM
SILGAN UNIVERSITY
PATHS TO BECOME A SILGAN ELECTRICIAN
The demand for Programmable 
Logic Controller (PLC) experts 
is increasing rapidly because almost all industries have 
adopted automation. PLC's 
provide practical means for applying logic to automate almost any function that can be 
electrically controlled.   Whether employees are in the 
process of considering a career as an electrician or want to enhance their electrical experience to become more sought after within 
today's competitive market, Silgan 
offers its employees one of these three possible career paths.A PLC certification helps employees 
become more well-rounded 
electricians and allows for a great career scope in this field. Silgan offers to cover the cost of training to receive the PLC certification.  
Silgan Scholarship-two-year 
Associates program (77 Credit Hours) at local technical or community college. Silgan pays 
tuition on avg. $250/credit hour or 
approx. $9,000/year.Become a Silgan Electrician through on-the-job training (OTJ). This is for highly motivated employees that want to firmly establish themselves 
as a specialized electrician. We offer 
OTJ training with access to some accredited programs at plants.BECOME AN  
ELECTRICIANFOR THE PERSON WITH SOME  
ELECTRICAL EXPERIENCE
Earn a PLC certificate through online 
training (e.g., George Brown College or similar program) at Silgan's expense. A self-paced program that 
takes 28-34 weeks to complete.FOR THE CERTIFIED &  
PRACTICING ELECTRICIAN
MILITARY RECRUITMENT
SILGAN MILITARY VETERANS HAVE BEEN THREE TIMES MORE 
LIKELY TO ADVANCE TO EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT POSITIONS At Silgan Containers, we have learned first-hand the value our service men and 
women can bring to our business. Their discipline and hard work have made them a highly sought-after cohort. We have a dedicated recruitment process that 
connects us with military personnel preparing to return to civilian life.METAL CONTAINERS SPOTLIGHT
36 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYConsidering the importance of our products to 
the essential food and beverage and health and 
hygiene end markets, we take product safety and quality very seriously at Silgan. Our quality 
metrics are reviewed on a continuous basis 
within the operations of our manufacturing organizations and on a monthly basis with executive management. We have extensive quality assurance systems in place to ensure our products are manufactured to a high quality 
and safety standard.
The International Organization for Standardization 
(ISO) is a leading international, independent, non-government organization that develops standards 
to ensure the safety and efficiency of products, 
services, and systems. Silgan's facilities are aligned with several ISO standards, notably the 9000 series for Quality Management and the 14000 series for Environmental Management. Fifty-eight of Silgan's plants are certified or compliant with ISO 9001, and 26 of Silgan's plants 
are certified or compliant with ISO 14001. These 
systems ensure Silgan's products meet the highest international standards for quality and environmental performance.The Quality Management Systems 
at 58 of our plants are certified or 
compliant with ISO 9001.
26 of Silgan’s plants are certified  or compliant with ISO 14001.PRODUCT SAFETY AND QUALITY MANAGEMENTOUR PRODUCTS
9001

37 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYOUR SUPPLIERS
As a global producer of sustainable rigid 
packaging, we have several policies in place across our business units to ensure our 
suppliers follow all rules and regulations that might apply in the jurisdictions they 
operate, including regulations that relate to discrimination, forced labor, human rights, child 
labor, anti-bribery, and anti-corruption.
DISPENSING SYSTEMS SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCTSUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT
As an example, our Dispensing Systems 
business, which is part of our Dispensing & Specialty Closures Segment and is a truly global business, has adopted a Supplier Code  of Conduct that requires its suppliers to adhere  to its principles, which include:
  Legal Complianc e & Business Integrity
   No Bribery
   Anti-corruption
  F air Dealing
  Pr otection of Confidential Information
  Respect f or Human Rights
  No Child Labor
  No F orced Labor
  F air Wages & Working Conditions
  No Discrimination
  No Har assment
  F reedom of Association
  Health & Saf ety of Workers
  Conflict Miner als
  Quality & Saf ety
  Car e of the PlanetDISPENSING & SPECIALTY  
CLOSURES SPOTLIGHT

38 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYOUR COMMUNITIES
At Silgan, we recognize that our presence as a 
company also impacts the local communities in which we operate, and we strive to be the 
best employer, customer, supplier, and trusted 
neighbor that we can be. While many companies have begun to use their positions as employers to attempt to influence their employees on certain social and political issues, we value our team's anonymity and respect their 
ability to decide for themselves. We believe 
that our presence in a given community as an employer does not entitle our Company to attempt to influence our team on any issue unrelated to their ability to perform their job 
safely and effectively. While we do not seek to 
influence the personal lives of our team and respect their right to privacy, our businesses have implemented many programs to support the causes that are important to many of our constituents, including our team and  
our customers. We encourage and foster our 
team members in these endeavors.
Employees at the Ft. Madison facility donated 981 canned food items for a total weight of 1,110 pounds, and employees at the Burlington facility donated 1,045 canned food items for a total weight of 1,256 pounds.
Burlington’s GroupVOLUNTEER & DONATION EFFORTS
AT THE BURLINGTON AND FT. MADISON PLANTS
On December 9th, 2019, several employees from the Woodland Hills office and their families volunteered at Hope of the Valley 
Rescue Mission to help serve meals to the 
hungry and homeless at their winter shelter located in Pacoima, CA. We had 20 volunteers with Silgan providing spaghetti (yes, we cooked it and served it), meat sauce, salad, dressing, garlic bread, and drinks to about 80 individuals 
in need.SILGAN CONTAINERS’ WOODLAND 
HILLS EMPLOYEES VOLUNTEER 
AT HOPE OF THE VALLEY
Ft. Madison’s Group
METAL CONTAINERS SPOTLIGHT
39 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYOUR COMMUNITIES
Silgan was quick to take proactive steps in 
early 2020 with regard to the safety of our team, continuity of our operations, and supply 
of our essential products to our customers. 
We established enhanced protocols early on to safeguard against the spread of the virus within our facilities, including regularly scheduled deep cleaning, additional PPE requirements, work from home options 
where appropriate, prohibiting non-essential 
visitation in our facilities, placing a company-wide hold on all business travel, and many other precautions. Many of these enhanced protocols were implemented well ahead of 
government recommendations and restrictions. 
Our protocols have been reviewed by local authorities as well as by outside experts for our objective of utilizing best practices to achieve our three main objectives: 1) keep our employees safe, 2) keep the virus out of 
our facilities, 3) maintain the continuity of our 
operations. We are constantly monitoring the situation and adapting our practices based on local and federal government guidelines, advice from various health officials, and our own learning experiences. While we have not been immune to the losses of this pandemic, we  are proud that our team has continued to  
supply significantly higher demand throughout 
this crisis.
Our products have proven absolutely essential 
in these times, packaging valuable shelf-stable food and beverage products and essential 
consumer health and hygiene packaging for 
products such as hand sanitizer and disinfecting wipes. We realize how important our products are to our customers' ability to supply essential products to food, beverage, personal care, 
household, healthcare, and other markets 
globally, and our team has engendered pride in our organization with their unified response. We recognize the extraordinary efforts our team members have contributed in these extreme conditions and made a company-wide incentive 
payment in 2020 to all operations employees as 
our way of acknowledging their contributions and efforts and to thank them for being  "SILGAN STRONG."
 COVID-19 RESPONSE: SILGAN STRONG
40 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / GOVERNANCEGOVERNANCE
41 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / GOVERNANCEGOVERNANCE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Our Board of Directors is collectively 
responsible for the leadership, management, and long-term planning of the Company. 
Board of Director Meetings are held regularly 
throughout the year to review our operations and discuss our business risks, plans  and strategies.
Our Board of Directors has two standing 
committees: Audit Committee and 
Compensation Committee.
Our Directors have been nominated based  
upon their experiences and capabilities to  
act in the most fiduciary manner in support 
of the Company and, more importantly, shareholder interests.
OPERATING WITH INTEGRITY
As one of our core principles which have shaped our Company since inception, we hold ourselves to the highest standards of ethical behavior 
both in our internal and external relationships, 
engendering pride in the conduct as well as the achievements of the organization. This cultural expectation is expected to drive our team in all aspects of their work lives. Additionally, and in support, we have:
Code of Business Conduct and Corporate 
Compliance. Our Code of Business 
Conduct and Compliance Manuals detail the standards of ethics and professional behavior expected of directors, officers, and employees. These documents cover issues such as conflicts of interest, insider trading, 
confidentiality, bribery and corruption, anti-
trust, discrimination and harassment, and money laundering.
Ethics & Compliance Training.  
Our employees receive ongoing training on 
our ethics and compliance practices and policies on at least an annual basis.
Independent Reporting Hotline. Should 
any ethical violations or reporting concerns arise, we have an independent third-party hotline available 24/7 for anonymous reporting. We do not tolerate acts of 
retaliation against any director, officer, or 
employee who makes a good- faith report of known or suspected acts of misconduct or other violations.
ESG GOVERNANCE
Our Board of Directors oversees ESG and related topics, receiving updates throughout the year. We have formalized our long-standing 
commitment to sustainability by establishing 
an ESG Committee — a multi-disciplinary committee consisting of leaders from across the organization that meets at least quarterly and reports directly to our Chairman and CEO. These steps reflect the importance of ESG and 
our commitment from the highest levels of our 
Company.
RISK OVERSIGHT
Our Board of Directors as a whole is responsible for risk oversight for the Company. Our Board of Directors' risk oversight process builds upon 
management's assessment of the Company's 
risks and processes for managing and mitigating such risks, including ESG matters.
At meetings of our Board of Directors, the 
executive officers of the Company regularly 
address and discuss with our Board of Directors 
the risks of the Company and the manner in which the Company manages or mitigates its risks. While our Board of Directors has the ultimate responsibility for risk oversight for 
the Company, our Board of Directors works 
in conjunction with its committees on certain aspects of its risk oversight responsibilities.
In particular, our Audit Committee focuses on 
financial reporting risks and related controls 
and procedures. Our Compensation Committee 
strives to create compensation practices that do not encourage excessive levels of risk-taking that would be inconsistent with the Company's strategy and objectives.
42 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / GOVERNANCESTOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
The Company's Board of Directors has a 
formal process for security holders to send communications to it. Security holders may 
send written communications addressed to the 
Board of Directors or any specified Director of the Company by mail to the Company's office in Stamford, Connecticut. If the Company receives any such written communications at its office in Stamford, Connecticut, the Company will 
forward such written communications directly 
to all members of the Board of Directors or to such specified Director of the Company, as the 
case may be, as appropriate.CYBERSECURITY
We have designed and implemented certain 
protocols designed to allow us to continuously assess, maintain, and enhance the ongoing 
effectiveness of our information security 
systems to further strengthen the security of our Business Technology platforms. We have formal cybersecurity policies and procedures in place, and we comprehensivly monitor our networks and systems and maintenance of 
backup and protective systems. Formal  
security awareness training is conducted regularly to increase overall team awareness about cyber threats.GOVERNANCE
43 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / APPENDIXAPPENDIX
  Corpor ate Information  ........................................... 44
  Legal Disclaimer  ...................................................... 44
CONTENTS
44 |
Silgan Holdings Sustainability Report / APPENDIXCORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
Silgan Holdings Inc.
4 Landmark SquareSuite 400Stamford, CT 06901
MAIN PHONE: (203) 975-7110INVESTOR RELATIONS PHONE:  (203) 406-3160
FAX: (203) 975-7902E-MAIL: silganir@silgan.comCORPORATE INFORMATION
LEGAL NOTICE
For information regarding Silgan Holdings 
Inc., please refer to the filings made by Silgan Holdings Inc. with the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) which you may 
access at www.silganholdings.com. Nothing in this Sustainability Report is or shall be incorporated by reference into, or relied upon in connection with, any documents or filings of Silgan Holdings Inc. that have been, are 
or will be filed with the SEC or any other 
governmental agency or authority or any documents provided at any time by or on behalf of Silgan Holdings Inc. to any other person or party. This Sustainability Report is provided, 
and all information herein is, as of December 
31, 2019, except as otherwise specifically noted herein. Neither Silgan Holdings Inc. nor any other person or party is under any obligation whatsoever of any kind to update or correct any information contained in this 
Sustainability Report (including with respect 
to any forward looking statements) or to provide any other or additional information in connection herewith. This Sustainability Report contains statements which are not historical facts but are forward looking statements. Such forward looking statements are based upon 
expectations, assumptions, views, estimates 
and/or beliefs concerning future events or results and are subject to numerous known and unknown uncertainties and risks which could cause such future events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in 
such forward looking statements or to not take 
place or occur or be realized or achieved at all. Accordingly, such forward looking statements are not guarantees, promises or commitments of any kind of any future events or results and 
you should not place undue reliance on any 
forward looking statement contained in this Sustainability Report. Information contained in this Sustainability Report that is from, or based upon information from, third parties has not been and will not be independently verified or 
confirmed by Silgan Holdings Inc. or any of its 
affiliates, and Silgan Holdings Inc. assumes no responsibility or liability of any kind with respect to such information.
www.silganholdings.com
©2021 Silgan Holdings Inc. All Rights Reserved.®