2021 
Listen Better 
Report
Environmental, Social and Governance at Sonos
2S
SuGEContents
A Message From Patrick  3
Taking Action on the Climate Crisis  5
 Environmental  6 
Our Carbon Footprint  7
Product Sustainability  9
Social  14 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  15
Supply Chain Responsibility  18 
Giving Back  20 
Privacy and Cybersecurity  22
Governance  23 
Corporate and ESG Governance  24 
ESG Supplement  25
UN Sustainable Development Goals  26
Sustainability Accounting Standards  
Board Index  28 ESG
2021 Listen Better Report3A Message From Patrick  
At Sonos, we’re continually inspired by music’s 
unique ability to transcend boundaries and 
bring people together. It’s that same cohesion 
in our team that motivates us to make Sonos 
the most responsible company possible. 
Over the past year, we have experienced firsthand 
the devastating effects of climate change, and like all 
corporations, we know we must act now to protect our  
planet for future generations. We answered this call with 
ambitious action by establishing a Climate Action Plan.  
We began by mapping the carbon footprint of our value  
chain – from sourcing materials and packaging to our product 
use and end-of-life. Based on the findings, we developed a 
plan focusing on the areas of greatest impact – products, 
supply chain and transportation. Implementing the plan 
will drive down the carbon footprint across our value chain 
towards our new FY40 net zero goal.
In addition to climate change, we are also tackling the  
growing problem of e-waste. We will continue to meet our 
customers’ expectations for quality while at the same time 
extending product longevity. When a product is eventually 
in need of repair or disposal, our emerging design for 
disassembly process seeks to enable refurbishment or 
PHOTO CREDIT: DOUGLAS LEVY / SONOS / ZUMIX
2021 Listen Better Report4A Message From Patrick  
recycling where possible. We also continue to improve 
software solutions that will keep older products in use  
for longer.
For our employees, communities and society as a whole, 
we continued to fight for social justice and equity, including 
strengthening our diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) efforts. 
In FY21, we appointed a fully dedicated Chief Diversity,  
Equity and Inclusion Officer who reports directly to me. 
Additionally, our recent initiatives in policy, training, HR 
processes and development opportunities are already 
showing results in the diversity of our teams. We’ve begun 
to make progress in representation from historically 
marginalized groups at every level of management,  
creating teams with an invigorated vision and more 
opportunities for innovation.
We believe that nurturing all voices immeasurably benefits 
the appeal and potential of our products and services. But we 
still have a long way to go. That’s why we will continue to invite 
feedback from both our internal employee resource groups 
and our external partnerships, striving to create a culture of 
inclusion companywide.Our DEI efforts are not limited to our own operations. 
Our Supplier Diversity Program, launched in FY21, is 
driving broader business and societal change through 
new partnerships with companies owned by people from 
historically marginalized communities.
COVID-19 continues to be a global challenge, and while 
vaccine programs and public-health efforts are gradually 
establishing a “new normal,” we are laser focused on keeping 
our employees, their families and broader communities 
healthy and safe. We will continue to support our employees 
as they work from home, and I’m truly humbled by their 
resilience, resourcefulness and positivity throughout  
the pandemic.
Safety precautions forced us to scale back elements of the 
in-person interactions that traditionally power our work with 
nonprofits. Our teams were quick to find new ways to give 
back and supported our Sonos Soundwaves partners in 
delivering over 16,000 hours of music education during  
FY21 alone, putting us well on track to meet our goal of 
100,000 hours of music education by FY25. With a hopeful, post-pandemic world coming into view,  
I am reenergized at the opportunity to keep building on our 
progress, and to take action upon exciting new plans for  
the future. I look forward to sharing what more we have 
achieved together in a year’s time. We won’t always get it  
right, but we will strive to listen better, and we hope you’ll join 
us on our journey.
Patrick Spence  
Chief Executive Officer, Sonos
2021 Listen Better Report5Taking Action on the Climate Crisis   
Our planet is facing a climate crisis that is already severely disrupting ecosystems and 
livelihoods. As a global company with our own environmental impacts, we must do our part  
to address climate change. 
In FY21, we partnered with a leading third party to take the initial and significant step of 
measuring the carbon footprint of our value chain. This assessment revealed that 99.9% of our 
emissions are outside of our direct operations , or what are known as Scope 3 emissions, with 
most emissions related to the use of our products, supply chain manufacturing and distribution. 
Based on our carbon footprint, we developed a Climate Action Plan to guide year-over-year 
progress to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions across those three focus areas. The plan, 
shown here, prioritizes reducing emissions as our first and preferred step to minimizing our 
impact and achieving our newly established goals to be carbon neutral in our value chain 
by FY30 and net zero by FY40. In support of these broader goals, we set FY30 and FY40 
performance targets across each focus area.  
We recognize that as a growing company, we will not be able to achieve carbon neutral and  
net zero through reductions alone. As needed, we will use offsets and carbon removal to  
meet our FY30 and FY40 targets, respectively. In doing so, we will support natural ecosystems 
and embrace the latest advances in removal technology.    
While we are inspired by this plan as a new way forward, we know we have a long way to go.  
We are committed to remaining transparent throughout our journey and will report on the  
plan’s progress in our future Listen Better Reports. Additionally, in our FY22 report, we will 
provide a disclosure of our climate risks by reporting to the Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD).  
More detail on our carbon footprint and Climate Action Plan is included in Our Carbon  
Footprint . Sonos Climate Action Plan  MT CO 2e (projected)
  Reduced GHG emissions       Carbon offset       Carbon removal
2021 2030 20401,000,000
500,000
0
–500,000
–1,000,000GHG emissions (MT CO 2e)
Continue 
reducing and 
go net zeroContinue 
reducing and go 
carbon neutralMap and begin 
reducing our 
carbon footprint
 
Environmental
We integrate sustainability across every aspect  
of our company, from how we design and 
manufacture products to the way we operate 
our facilities. The climate crisis makes our 
sustainability initiatives all the more urgent,  
and we’re stepping up our efforts across the  
board to reduce our impact.  
ESG
6
2021 Listen Better Report7Our Carbon Footprint
APPROACH 
Minimizing our impact on the planet means being more 
efficient across our operations and supply chain. 
To better understand our climate effects and how we can 
reduce our environmental impact, in FY21 we measured 
the FY20 carbon footprint of our value chain – from product 
manufacture to our daily operations to product end-of-life. 
This heightened visibility into our impact informed our first 
Climate Action Plan, prioritizing viable and cost-effective 
approaches to begin addressing our largest sources of 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.  
Moving forward, this plan will evolve and guide our efforts 
to reduce the energy, emissions, water and waste from all 
aspects of our business. 
PROGRESS
Our FY20 carbon footprint was 1,231,430 metric tons of 
carbon dioxide equivalent. Of those emissions, 99.9% were 
Scope 3, 0.1% were Scope 2 and near zero were Scope 1.  
Of our Scope 3 emissions, product use is the most significant 
GHG contributor (75%), followed by product manufacturing  
in the supply chain (20%) and distribution (4%). See the chart 
on the next page for more detail.  Based on this footprint, we developed a four-step Climate 
Action Plan focused on our three high emission areas.
Our initial plans to reduce emissions will focus on lowering 
product energy consumption, pursuing low carbon 
opportunities and partnering with suppliers on energy 
conservation. Emissions reduction will remain our top priority 
for mitigating our impact. In order to achieve our goals to be carbon neutral and net zero, we will invest in offsets and 
carbon removal technology, respectively, for emissions not 
mitigated through our reduction efforts. 
In FY22, we will begin implementation of our Climate Action 
Plan. We will also continue to refine our calculations and 
improve our data year over year to inform our approach 
moving forward, including exploring the adoption of science 
based targets. 
Peformance TargetsAt a Glance: Sonos Climate Action Plan
Step 1
3Map and disclose our 
carbon footprint
Step 2
FY22Begin reducing our 
carbon footprint
Step 3
FY30Continue reducing and 
go carbon neutral 
Step 4
FY40Continue reducing and 
go net zero FY30Achieve carbon neutrality in our value 
chain through reduction and offsets 
FY40Achieve net zero emissions in our value 
chain through reduction and carbon 
removal technology
2021 Listen Better Report8Our Scope 3 Carbon Footprint
Business travel   
0.3%
Capital goods   
0.5%Product end-of-life   
0.4%Other   0.2%
Our Scope 3 carbon footprint 
was 1,230,126 metric tons of 
CO 22e in FY20. Equivalent to:138,418,589 gallons of 
gasoline consumed148,136 homes’ energy  
use for one year267,528 passenger vehicles 
driven for one yearHow our
products 
are used
75.2%Supply 
chain
19.5%Distribution
3.9%
2021 Listen Better Report9Product Sustainability 
APPROACH 
Our customers expect environmentally responsible 
products – made, enjoyed and retired – sustainably. By 
reducing the environmental footprint of our products, we can 
meet customer expectations, stay ahead of ever-evolving 
regulations and do what’s right for the planet.  
In FY21, we launched our Product Sustainability Program to 
drive down the carbon footprint and environmental impact 
of our products. We empowered an internal “green team” to 
oversee and progress our work across four key areas: 
n		Energy Efficiency:  Product energy use is the most 
significant contributor to our carbon footprint.  We’re 
improving the energy efficiency of our product portfolio, 
with a focus on idle and sleep states.
n		Materials:  Electronic waste (e-waste) is one of the fastest-
growing waste streams in the world. We’re reducing our 
use of virgin materials and envision a future where all our 
products can be recycled to make new products and are 
free from hazardous materials. 
n		Product Longevity:  Guided by our Product Life Cycle 
Principles, we are striving to design our hardware and 
software in a manner that extends the useful lives of our 
products. When a product is eventually in need of repair or disposal, our emerging design for disassembly seeks to 
enable refurbishment or recycling where possible.
n	 Packaging: We’re designing our packaging to reflect our 
responsibility to the planet. This means continuing to 
move toward sustainable paper and away from plastics. 
PROGRESS
Energy Efficiency
The overwhelming importance of climate change means we 
must create products that use less energy than the models 
they replace. We are doing this at a time when technology 
continues to drive an expansion in functionality that often 
requires more power.  
As reflected in our Climate Action Plan, product efficiency 
is a strong focus for us. Our work aims to reduce the energy 
consumption of our products when they are not in use – the 
idle or sleep state – because this represents the majority of 
energy consumption during a product’s life. Our ambition is to 
achieve idle energy usage under 2 watts across our portfolio. 
We've established a team dedicated to product energy 
efficiency and we will report on their progress and establish 
targets in the coming year.  Average Idle Power Across Our  
Product Portfolio   watts
Energy Use of Roam  watts
Playing music5.0
Idle1.0
Sleep0.1FY193.83
FY203.78
FY213.22
2021 Listen Better Report10Product Sustainability 
In FY21, the average idle power across our product portfolio 
was 3.22 watts, a 15% decrease compared to FY20. During 
this year, we developed more efficient hardware and software 
to create the most energy efficient speaker in our portfolio, 
Roam – our battery-powered ultraportable. For Roam, we 
included two levels of power savings when not in use: the idle 
state, when a product is available on command, and the sleep 
state, which the product enters after 30 minutes in idle.
Roam is our first product to achieve just 1 watt at idle and  
0.1 watt at sleep. 
We are now applying the energy efficiency knowledge 
gained with Roam to our wider product portfolio. We 
also implemented a new power monitoring software that 
enables us to track how software updates impact energy 
consumption before we introduce them.   Materials
We are working to make our products more circular by 
transitioning to post-consumer recycled (PCR) plastics 
and reducing the use of hazardous materials. Our Product 
Sustainability Program taps into the latest innovations to 
identify alternative materials, which we then rigorously test 
to ensure they meet our quality standards. In FY21, we tested 
and validated color matches for PCR material that can be 
incorporated into new products beginning in FY23. 
We also implemented a solution to give batteries used in our 
Move and Roam speakers a second life. We send batteries 
returned to Sonos in the United States to our third-party 
partner that recycles the material so it can be used in cathode 
development. We are exploring the potential for expanding 
this process for our batteries in Europe.  
In FY21, we also focused on defining the requirements, 
which will lead to the removal of halogen elements from our 
products. Halogen elements can be harmful to people and 
the environment during product manufacturing and disposal  
if not handled responsibly.  We will work to make new  
products halogen-free by FY23.Performance Target 
FY23100% of new products will begin 
incorporating PCR plastics in place  
of some or all virgin plastics
FY23All new products will be 100%  
halogen-free

2021 Listen Better Report11Product Sustainability 
Product Longevity
We strive to keep our products in use, longer. Designing for 
longevity of internet-connected devices means focusing on 
both hardware and software. We use quality components and 
materials to make our products robust and durable so they 
stay in use longer. 
In FY21, we began our design for disassembly exploration, 
which we plan to incorporate into all new products launching 
in FY23. This approach builds in features – such as fasteners 
instead of adhesives – that make it easier to repair, refurbish and recycle when a product is returned under warranty, or at 
the end of its life. We are also introducing a repairability index 
to our product development process that will launch internally 
by FY23. At the same time, we will conduct more research  
to determine when it is environmentally preferable to upgrade 
to a new, more energy efficient and sustainable product.
In addition to physical longevity, we keep product software 
updated with bug fixes and security patches many years 
after the product is no longer made. Sonos maintains two 
operating systems specifically so that we can continue 
supporting older products.For information on how to recycle Sonos products, please  
see our website . 
Performance Target
FY23100% of new speakers will incorporate 
design for disassembly through a 
repairability index for easy repair, refurbish 
and recycling 
Product 
life cycle 
principlesWe innovate so that  
our products can be enjoyed  
for a long time.
Innovation not only minimizes  
our environmental impact, but  
also maximizes the value that  
we bring to our listeners.We take responsibility  
for our products when they  
can no longer be used.
Every piece of hardware we  
put out into the world includes  
a responsible plan for return  
and recycling.  We communicate  
openly and honestly about  
key dates in our product  
life cycle.
We commit to being transparent 
regarding software updates  
and plans for support.We continually  
seek new perspectives  
and ways to improve.  
Collaborating with other 
companies, governments and 
nonprofits, we will work toward 
leading the industry to a more 
sustainable future.
2021 Listen Better Report12Product Sustainability 
Packaging
A comprehensive approach to product circularity must 
include packaging. And to us, premium packaging also means 
responsible packaging, so we always aim to use more paper 
and less plastic. 
Our goal is to use 100% responsibly sourced paper for our 
packaging by FY25. This means the paper is either PCR 
(post consumer recycled), FSC-certified (Forest Stewardship 
Council) or made from recyclable plant-based fibers. In FY21, 
we achieved 94% responsibly sourced packaging paper 
compared to 92% in FY20. 
In FY21, we undertook a major packaging design update 
to better align with our brand identity and sustainability 
objectives. Our solution is based on FSC-certified proprietary 
Sonos Custom Kraft paper. This paper was first used for our 
Roam speakers, and will continue to be used for new products 
launching between FY22 and FY25.
We have been moving away from single use plastics since 
FY12 due to their impact on the environment. According 
to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, only 14% of plastic 
packaging is collected for recycling globally, while more 
than half is landfilled and a staggering 33.3% ends up in the environment.1 In FY21, we continued our efforts to develop 
cushions with wood or plant based fibers in place of foam, 
reducing our use of plastic and increasing the potential for 
recycling. We also removed single use plastic laminate for 
new and existing products with our Sonos Custom Kraft 
paper, enabling us to eliminate approximately 144,000  
pounds of plastic in FY21. 
To enhance our insights and expertise on sustainable 
packaging, we are members of the Sustainable Packaging 
Coalition and contribute data to ensure our How2Recycle 
labeling is accurate. We also started an environmental life 
cycle assessment and will use the findings to track our 
sustainability goals while analyzing the environmental 
footprint of our packaging. We will share the results of that 
assessment in FY22. 
Performance Target
FY25100% of paper in packaging will be 
responsibly sourced, including paper 
that is either PCR, FSC-certified or 
plant based fibersFY25 targetPackaging Paper That is Responsibly Sourced  
%
100%
FY1983%
FY2092%
FY2194%
1  Extended Producer Responsibility , Ellen MacArthur Foundation, June 2021

2021 Listen Better Report
13Product Sustainability 
A Premium, Sustainable Packaging 
System Sets a New Standard for Sonos
Sonos new packaging system, which launched with our 
Roam portable speaker, points the way to future sustainable 
packaging across the company’s product portfolio. 
Michelle Enright, Head of Packaging Experience, describes 
the Sonos approach to sustainable packaging: “We wanted 
the unboxing to feel like it’s your birthday. The beauty 
of Roam’s packaging is that we didn’t need to sacrifice 
sustainability priorities to achieve that.”
For Roam, our team maximized the proportion of packaging 
made from paper in line with our goal to phase out plastic. 
This solution was achieved using Sonos Custom Kraft paper, 
which is uncoated and FSC-certified.
“Most packaging that you’ll see in stores will have a plastic 
coating to prevent scuffs and fingerprints. It also makes 
those materials far less recyclable,” says Michelle. “One of 
the challenges with uncoated papers is that they all react 
differently to ink, so the visual system we created had to 
cater to the specific qualities of this new paper.”
The finished packaging uses 100% responsibly sourced 
paper for Roam’s box, and even the hanging loop on the top 
is made from paper fibers – negating the need for plastic. 
Overall, the packaging system is 97% paper, exceeding the 
design team’s initial goal of 85%.
Social
At Sonos, we aim to have a positive impact on 
society – both within our company and outside 
it – supporting not only our employees, but our 
customers, partners and wider communities. We 
have been focusing our efforts on improving our 
diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, as well as 
our approach to responsible supply chain practices, 
philanthropic giving and privacy and cybersecurity. 
ESG
14
2021 Listen Better Report15Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
APPROACH 
Music has the unique ability to transcend cultural boundaries 
and bring people together, and we aim to make Sonos’ company 
culture just as inclusive and unifying. By embracing diversity and 
championing equity and inclusion, we are creating more engaged 
and fulfilled team members, and harnessing broader influences 
for innovation. All of this enables us to design products that are 
relevant to more people in more places.
Our approach to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) is  
focused on:
n		Diversity:  Talent acquisition and retention
n			Equity:  Policies, transparency and accountability 
n	  I n c l u s i o n :  Community, awareness and development 
We're prioritizing DEI across Sonos, from our inclusive 
recruitment practices to the companywide impact of our 
employee resource groups (ERGs), which build a sense 
of belonging among employees from underrepresented 
communities, fostering allyship companywide and helping to 
drive growth opportunities for individuals within Sonos, as  
well as the company at large.
And our efforts aren’t limited to our own operations, with 
initiatives such as our new Supplier Diversity Program, we’re 
driving broader business and societal change. Global workforce
New hires All other roles3Global Workforce Gender Diversity2  %
  Female       Male
FY19
FY19 FY19FY20
FY20 FY20FY21
FY21 FY2127.3%
40.6%
27.9%29.6%
40.6%
30.8%31.3%
40.3%
32.2%72.7%
59.4%72.1%70.4%
59.4%69.2%68.7%
59.7%67. 8%Director and above roles3
FY19 FY20 FY2123.0% 21.5%25.3%77.0% 78.5%74.7%
2  FY21 DEI data represents our workforce as of September 30, 2021.    
3  Director and above roles include the highest level individual contributors and managers, VPs and CXOs. All other roles include positions not included in director and above.
2021 Listen Better Report16Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
PROGRESS
Our Inclusive by Design initiative, launched in FY20, is already 
delivering encouraging results, and continuing to inspire more. 
The number of women across our global teams increased by 
nearly 2% in FY21. During that same time period, more than 
40% of our new hires were women. Women now account 
for 31% of total employees and 25% of director and above 
positions.  
Our racial and ethnic diversity also continues to improve, with 
employees from historically underrepresented groups up 
by 3% in FY21 compared to FY20, and now accounting for 
35% of our total workforce and 19% of director and above positions. In FY21, 44% of our new hires were from historically 
underrepresented groups, up 4% from FY20. We remain 
committed to transparency and share an in-depth diversity 
breakdown twice a year with our entire workforce to engage 
and inform employees on our progress. 
We continue to use hiring tools and training to address  
unconscious bias and increase DEI of underrepresented 
communities. In early FY22, we appointed a Chief Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion Officer who will set new diversity hiring 
goals for the coming year, and ensure that we continue to 
attract, develop and retain diverse and inclusive teams.
Our commitment to improving DEI within our company saw 
significant progress in FY21, notably through our ERGs. For example, the group Black@, an ERG for employees who 
identify as Black or African American, has been instrumental 
in making our complaint and escalation process more 
inclusive and equitable. With their help, we introduced 
AllVoices – a tool for anyone to share feedback about their 
lived experiences, DEI at Sonos or how we can improve our 
organizational culture. We also created an advisor program to 
support employees who raise issues through the process.  
We are also driving DEI through comprehensive 
training, which in FY21 covered topics like allyship and 
intersectionality, inclusive hiring, interviewing and leadership 
and LGBTQIA+ awareness. All training was supported by 
additional media and materials on our intranet.
U.S. Workforce Representation from Historically Underrepresented Groups4,5  %
Directors and above
FY20 FY2115%19%All other roles
FY20 FY2135%37%Board members
FY20 FY2125%
12.5%New hires
FY20 FY2140%44%Total U.S. workforce
FY20 FY2132%35%
4   FY21 DEI data represents our workforce as of 
September 30, 2021.    
5   This data represents the percent of U.S. 
employees that shared their race and 
ethnicity information. This was 70% of our 
U.S. workforce in FY20, and 77% in FY21. 
2021 Listen Better Report17Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
To ensure ongoing pay equity, we conduct comprehensive 
wage assessments for our global workforce. Our most recent 
assessment, in early FY21, showed no statistically significant 
negative impact on any demographic group. We’ll conduct our 
next assessment in FY23. 
In FY21, we launched our new Supplier Diversity Program to 
improve representation across our vendor base. Through this 
program, we will proactively identify and engage suppliers 
owned by members of underrepresented groups including women, members of the LGBTQIA+ community, diverse 
racial and ethnic backgrounds, persons with disabilities and 
veterans. Our near-term goals for the program include: 
n		By FY23 increase spend with diverse suppliers and  
the percent they make up of our total vendors to  
3% compared to a FY20 baseline.6
n		By FY25 increase spend with diverse suppliers and  
the percent they make up of our total vendors to  
5% compared to a FY20 baseline.6In FY21, we also expanded the benefits of improved DEI 
directly with our customers by committing to feature at  
least 50% of music by artists from diverse communities  
on Sonos Radio’s original programming.
U.S. Workforce Representation7
Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Other9
FY20 FY21 FY20 FY21 FY20 FY21 FY20 FY21 FY20 FY21
% of U.S. workforce 19% 20%  3% 4% 7% 7%  68% 66%  4% 4%  
% of director and above roles89% 10%  2% 2%  3% 5%  85% 81% 1% 3%  
% of all other roles 21% 22%  4% 4%  7% 7%  65% 63%  4% 4%  
% of new hires 25% 28% 3% 4%  7% 9%  60% 55% 5% 4% 
6  Our FY20 baseline for spend with diverse suppliers is 2% and our FY20 baseline for percent of our total vendors is 1%. 
7  Percentages are based on the 70% and 77% of our U.S. workforce that disclosed their race and ethnicity information in FY20 and FY21, respectively. We do not include non-disclosed persons in the analysis population.  Percentages may not add up to 100 due to rounding.   
8  Director and above roles include the highest level individual contributors and managers, VPs and CXOs. All other roles include positions not included in director and above. 
9  Other includes the classifications: Native American or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, and “Two or More Races.”  
2021 Listen Better Report18Supply Chain Responsibility   
APPROACH 
Building productive and long-term relationships with suppliers 
is essential to our business growth and success. Prioritizing 
these partnerships not only helps to strengthen social and 
environmental practices, but also reduces risk across the 
technology supply chain. 
We aim to respect the human rights of all people making 
Sonos products and remain dedicated to following the 
UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, 
including transparent and accountable labor practices. We 
communicate our social and environmental standards to 
suppliers through our Supplier Code of Conduct , which 
covers issues including fair wages, forced and child labor, 
human trafficking, environmental management systems, 
hazardous waste generation and conflict minerals. 
We focus our efforts on our key suppliers, who represent 
80% of our supply chain spend. We conduct in-person 
audits of these suppliers to confirm their compliance with our 
Code. If a noncompliance is identified, we will work with our 
suppliers to take corrective action. In rare instances where 
a noncompliance is not corrected, we will terminate our 
business with that supplier. In FY21, we became an affiliate member of the Responsible 
Business Alliance (RBA) – the world's largest industry coalition 
dedicated to corporate social responsibility in global supply 
chains. Our existing Sonos Supplier Code of Conduct is 
already based on standards set by the RBA. As official 
members, we will further align our supply chain responsibility 
approach to RBA guidance, including incorporating the use  
of shared audits and other crucial transparency tools 
beginning in FY22. 
FY25 targetCritical and Major Issues Closed Within 
Target Time  %
95%
FY1983%
FY2085%
FY2189%FY25 targetKey Suppliers Audited  %
100%
FY1987%
FY2040%
FY2174%

2021 Listen Better Report19Supply Chain Responsibility   
PROGRESS
As with many companies, our in-person auditing process  
was impacted by ongoing COVID-19 restrictions. In FY21,  
we conducted in-person audits for 73.5% of our key  
suppliers, up 33.5% from the previous year. To increase the 
number of audits and reach our goal of 100% by FY25, we 
have commissioned a third-party auditing partner to assist 
us. In FY22, we will utilize this partner, as well as the shared 
audits through the RBA, to reach more of our key suppliers. 
By FY22, our aim is to conduct in-person audits of 50% of key 
suppliers with critical issues in coordination with the RBA.
We categorize issues identified in our audits as critical, major 
and minor. In our FY21 audits, a total of 254 issues were identified, including 14 critical, 139 major and 101 minor.  
Of the critical and major issues, 89% were closed within  
the target time, nearing our target of 95% by FY25. The  
most common issues identified included emergency 
preparedness followed by work hours. 
Performance Target
FY2250% of suppliers with critical issues 
audited in person, in coordination  
with the RBA
FY25100% of key suppliers audited annually 
FY2595% of critical and major issues closed 
within target time Top nonconformance 
categories in FY213733
10
9755Emergency 
Preparedness and 
Response
Wages and 
Benefits
Occupational 
SafetyFood, 
Sanitation and 
Housing 
Chemical  
and Hazardous 
Materials Occupational 
Injury and 
Illness  
Working  
Hours 
Audits
FY19 FY20 FY21
% of key suppliers audited 87% 40% 74%
Number of issues identified 400 297 254
Critical 0 2 14
Major 233 124 139
Minor 167 153 101
Critical and major issues closed within target time 83% 85% 89%
2021 Listen Better Report20Giving Back    
APPROACH 
By giving back, we build stronger relationships with our 
communities, engage our employees and inspire the next 
generation of artists and innovators. 
Our social impact program, Sonos Soundwaves, had a dual 
focus in FY21: music education for underserved youth, and 
the power of music for healing and resilience. We supported 
partner organizations across those focus areas by providing 
grants, product donations and employee volunteering. In late 
FY21, we restructured our Soundwaves program to focus on 
three core initiatives moving forward: 
n		Sound Education: Nurturing musical talent and technical 
skills for the next generation to create thoughtful and 
brilliant sound, across every genre. 
n		Inclusive Sound:  Provides mentorship to women, people 
of color and underserved communities. 
n		Regenerative Sound: Protects forests and restores 
biodiversity through the use of bioacoustics, which 
combines acoustic devices with artificial intelligence to 
leave a positive impact. 
We continue to encourage and support our people in their 
efforts to give back. Every year, employees receive 16 hours 
of paid time to volunteer with organizations and causes that 
matter to them.PROGRESS
COVID-19 pushed us to rethink our approach to community 
partnerships. Despite the restrictions, we continued to 
support the causes we care about in a remote capacity, 
and in-person where possible. For example, in FY21, 
we sponsored the Girls Rock Summer Camp, providing 
scholarships to 20 underserved girls and young women so 
they could experience a multi-day art and music camp. We 
also partnered with Residency – a nonprofit that, with our 
help, provided over 1,500 hours of virtual arts enrichment 
programming to children in the greater Seattle area.
As part of our music for healing and resilience focus, in 
FY21 we supported the Vital Sounds Initiative and Project: 
Music Heals Us – a nonprofit that provides education and 
healing by bringing live music performances to marginalized 
communities, with a focus on elderly, persons with disabilities, 
rehabilitating, incarcerated and homeless populations. As part 
of the partnership, virtual bedside concerts and interactive 
experiences were introduced in 20 hospitals across the 
United States. 
In total, our Soundwave partners contributed 16,455 hours 
to music education in FY21, bringing our total from FY19 to 
73,490 – on track to meet our FY25 goal of 100,000 hours. FY25 targetHours of Music Education  cumulative
100,000
FY1919,000
FY2057,035
FY2173,490
PHOTO COURTESY OF ZUMIX
2021 Listen Better Report21
Giving Back    
In FY21, we expanded our social impact efforts by using 
Sonos Radio to amplify and spread awareness of the vital 
work of multiple nonprofit organizations. We donated more 
than 19.4 million  advertising slots to support causes such 
as Pride, crisis relief and Black History month. In fact, during 
Black History month alone, we donated over 60,000 hours 
of advertising, which led to 7 million impressions to Black led 
organizations like the NAACP.
In FY21, we also provided support to Music Declares 
Emergency, for their No Music on a Dead Planet’s climate 
conference. This one-day conference was held in London 
in October 2021 and brought together key music industry 
leaders to discuss how they can support the fight against 
climate change. 
Performance Target
FY25I00,000 hours of music educationSharing Skills to Strengthen 
Our Community
Skills-based volunteering is a meaningful 
way for our employees to use their 
expertise to have a positive impact within 
our communities. 
For more than six years, Erika Abbas (top 
image) has excelled as a Distinguished 
Program Manager at Sonos. Her eye for 
detail and distinctive ability to organize 
and inspire colleagues made her a perfect 
candidate to sit on the Board of our 
Soundwaves partner, Zumix.
Zumix is a nonprofit dedicated to building 
community through music and creative 
technology. Erika helps guide the 
organization’s approach on everything 
from live events to fundraising. As well 
as serving as a general advisor, Erika 
also connects Sonos colleagues with 
opportunities to volunteer their skills  
with Zumix.
“The ability to positively impact the lives 
of hundreds of young people is the aspect 
of the role I find most fulfilling,” says Erika. As our Director of Content and 
Brand Platforms, Joe Dawson 
(bottom image) has thrived at 
building initiatives with creators, 
artists and organizations that tell 
a story and deliver a real impact. 
It’s this experience that made 
him well-suited for the Board of 
the Urban Arts Partnership (UAP) 
–  a Soundwaves partner creating 
innovative arts and tech programs 
for the youth.
“The opportunity to work with 
students in the space where 
technology and creativity intersect 
brings me the most joy,” says Joe.
Joe helps to evolve and shape 
the curriculum of UAP's largest 
program – School of Interactive 
Arts. Most recently, he helped 
design a master class curriculum 
with UAP, focusing on ways to 
approach creative projects, 
collaborate effectively and 
introduce students to new ways 
to think about music and sound 
design. 
2021 Listen Better Report22Privacy and Cybersecurity   
APPROACH 
We deeply respect our customers’ privacy, and only use 
their data to enhance their sound experience – that’s it. Our 
approach to privacy protects our reputation with customers 
and investors, reduces security risks and helps us stay in  
front of changing privacy regulations. 
Privacy protection continues to evolve as technology 
and cybersecurity threats become more sophisticated. 
For cybersecurity, our approach includes technical and 
organizational measures to protect customer information.  
For example, we store data on computers with limited 
personnel access in controlled facilities, and we vet our third-
party data center vendors against our security standards. 
More on our approach to privacy and cybersecurity is 
described in our Privacy Statement , which builds on our 
Privacy Principles (right).
We cannot tackle the issues of privacy and cybersecurity 
alone. We work with third-party privacy organizations for 
feedback on our approach and we are active members of 
the International Association of Privacy Professionals – the 
world’s largest global information privacy community. 
We also welcome and encourage feedback on our security 
practices. Through our Security Researcher Recognition  
Program , we recognize individuals who have discovered a 
vulnerability in our website, services, apps or players. PROGRESS
We take every vulnerability concern reported to us seriously 
and each concern is thoroughly investigated and addressed 
by our Privacy team. Recent concerns included two industry-
wide vulnerabilities on network protocol standards and 
Bluetooth. We quickly assessed these vulnerabilities for their 
impact on Sonos products and addressed them through 
enhanced authentication mechanisms and improved 
software, respectively. 
Our approach to privacy also applies when we receive 
requests from government authorities for customer 
information for use in civil or criminal proceedings or following 
the theft of a product. When an authority requests data, we 
require them to submit a formal written request, such as a 
warrant, before we determine if we will share information.  
In FY21, we received 16 lawful requests for information from 
law enforcement agencies in the U.S. and Europe, 1 1 of  
which provided sufficient information and were granted.  
Every request was initiated by customers trying to recover 
stolen products.SONOS PRIVACY PRINCIPLES 
We use data to serve our listeners.
We put the listener first, using data to provide 
incredible sound experiences. Nothing more.  
Nothing less.
We provide meaningful choices that are easy  
to understand.
We clearly present information to listeners at the right 
moment, allowing them to make effective choices.
We collect only what we need.
We believe data decays and loses value over time,  
so we delete it once it is no longer useful.
We protect the data of our listeners as if it were  
our own.
We continually seek to improve the security of  
listener data.
Governance
Strong governance and a culture of  
ethics ensure we deliver a premium  
sound experience, responsibly. 
ESG
23
2021 Listen Better Report24Corporate and ESG Governance  
APPROACH 
The continued success of our company is dependent on us 
doing business the right way. 
Our Board of Directors is key to the sound governance of 
Sonos, ensuring that our actions are aligned with our high 
ethical standards. Our Board is currently comprised of eight 
individuals, seven of whom are independent. Our strong 
corporate governance starts with the diverse perspectives  
of our Board members. As of FY21, three of our Board 
members are female, and one Board member is a person of 
color. The unique experiences and skills of our Board helps  
us stay responsive to the diverse needs of our customers  
and employees.
Our Board of Directors has three standing committees:
n	Audit
n	Compensation, People and Diversity & Inclusion
n	Nominating and Corporate Governance 
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
has oversight of our Corporate Social Responsibility and 
Sustainability Program. Our Director of Policy and  
Corporate Social Responsibility reports to this committee  
at least annually.We determine our priority environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) issues and how to address them by 
seeking regular feedback from internal and external 
stakeholders. We believe that an open dialogue with our 
partners and investors is vital to the growth and evolution  
of our ESG approach. We welcome and encourage input  
on our approach and this report. Please send feedback to  
csr@sonos.com . 
PROGRESS
In FY21, our Director of Policy and Corporate Social 
Responsibility engaged the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee on the ESG topics of environmental 
sustainability and social impact, including COVID-19 relief 
efforts and human rights in the supply chain. 
The full Board was engaged during the development of our 
2021 Listen Better Report and were provided the opportunity 
to give direct feedback on our content. OUR ESG POLICIES 
n	Anti-Corruption Policy  
n	Code of Conduct and Ethics  
n	Conflict Minerals Statement
n	Privacy Statement
n	 Student and Dispatch Worker Standard for  
Supplier Facilities in China
n	Supplier Code of Conduct 
n		UK Modern Slavery Act/California Transparency  
in Supply Chains Act Transparency Statement
You can access these policies at sustainability.sonos.
com/reports .
2021 ESG 
Supplement
ESG
25
2021 Listen Better Report26UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)  
SDG Indicator Relevant SDG Targets Sonos Action
Ensure inclusive and equitable quality 
education and promote lifelong 
learning opportunities for all4.5      By 2030, eliminate gender disparities in education and ensure equal access to all levels 
of education and vocational training for the vulnerable, including persons with disabilities, 
indigenous peoples and children in vulnerable situationsn					 Soundwaves philanthropic STEM efforts and 
music education for underserved youth
Achieve gender equality and 
empower all women and girls5.5      Ensure women’s full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all 
levels of decision-making in political, economic and public lifen					 Women representation in leadership 
n				Approach to diverse recruitment and promotion
n				Global gender wage assessment 
Ensure access to affordable, reliable, 
sustainable and modern energy for all7.3      By 2030, double the global rate of improvement in energy efficiency n					 FY30 energy efficiency target 
Promote sustained, inclusive and 
sustainable economic growth, full and 
productive employment and decent 
work for all8.3      Promote development-oriented policies that support productive activities, decent job 
creation, entrepreneurship, creativity and innovation, and encourage the formalization 
and growth of micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises, including through access to 
financial servicesn					 Supplier Diversity Program
8.5      By 2030, achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, 
including for young people and persons with disabilities, and equal pay for work of equal 
valuen					 Global gender and U.S. ethnically diverse employee 
wage assessments
8.8      Protect labor rights and promote safe and secure working environments for all workers, 
including migrant workers, in particular women migrants, and those in precarious 
employmentn					 Code of Conduct and supply chain auditing 
program
n					 Affiliate member of the Responsible Business 
Alliance 
Reduce inequality within and among 
countries10.2    By 2030, empower and promote the social, economic and political inclusion of all, 
irrespective of age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion or economic or other statusn					 Hiring and promoting talent from 
underrepresented groups 
n					 Inclusion and equity work led by Sonos employee 
resource groups 
2021 Listen Better Report27UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)  
SDG Indicator Relevant SDG Targets Sonos Action
10.4    Adopt policies, especially fiscal, wage and social protection policies, and progressively 
achieve greater equalityn					 U.S. ethnically diverse employee wage 
assessments
Ensure sustainable consumption and 
production patterns12.2    By 2030, achieve the sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources n					 FY23 target for postconsumer recycled material in 
place of virgin plastic 
12.4    By 2020, achieve the environmentally sound management of chemicals and all wastes 
throughout their life cycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, and 
significantly reduce their release to air, water and soil in order to minimize their adverse 
impacts on human health and the environmentn					 Focus on safer chemicals, including making Sonos 
products halogen free by FY23
n				Reducing waste through sustainable packaging
12.6    Encourage companies, especially large and transnational companies, to adopt sustainable 
practices and to integrate sustainability information into their reporting cyclen				Sonos Annual Listen Better Report
T ake urgent action to combat climate 
change and its impacts13.2    Integrate climate change measures into national policies, strategies and planning n					 Climate Action Plan 
Conserve and sustainably use the 
oceans, seas and marine resources 
for sustainable development14.2    By 2020, sustainably manage and protect marine and coastal ecosystems to avoid 
significant adverse impacts, including by strengthening their resilience, and take action for 
their restoration in order to achieve healthy and productive oceansn					 Soundwaves focus on bioacoustics 
Protect, restore and promote 
sustainable use of terrestrial 
ecosystems, sustainably manage 
forests, combat desertification, and 
halt and reverse land degradation and 
halt biodiversity loss15.1    By 2020, ensure the conservation, restoration and sustainable use of terrestrial and inland 
freshwater ecosystems and their services, in particular forests, wetlands, mountains and 
drylands, in line with obligations under international agreementsn					 Soundwaves focus on bioacoustics
2021 Listen Better Report28Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index 
Technology & Communications – Hardware
Product Security 
SASB Code Metric Response
TC-HW-230a.1 Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks in products The Sonos Product Security team works with development teams to enable adoption of best 
practices for building secure products. The team pursues this goal by shepherding Sonos 
products through the security development life cycle (which includes data security best 
practices), building components to solve harder security problems, deploying tools to detect 
coding and configuration failures.
Employee Diversity & Inclusion
SASB Code Metric Response
TC-HW-330a.1 Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for (1) management,  
(2) technical staff and (3) all other employeesFY21 U.S. Workforce Racial and Ethnic Diversity*
AsianBlack or 
African 
AmericanHispanic 
or LatinoWhite Other**
% of total U.S. workforce 20%  4% 7%  66%  4%  
% of director and above roles 10%  2%  5%  81% 3%  
% of all other roles 22%  4%  7%  63%  4%  
% of new hires 28% 4%  9%  55% 4% 
*  Percentages are based on the more than 77% of our U.S. workforce that disclosed their ethnicity information. We do not include non-disclosed 
persons in the analysis population. Director and above roles include the highest level individual contributors and managers, VPs and CXOs. All 
other roles include positions not included in director and above. Percentages may not add up to100 due to rounding. FY21 data represents our 
workforce as of September 30, 2021.  
** Other includes the classifications: Native American or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, and “Two or More Races.”  
2021 Listen Better Report29Employee Diversity & Inclusion
SASB Code Metric Response
TC-HW-330a.1 Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for (1) management,  
(2) technical staff and (3) all other employeesGlobal Workforce Gender Diversity
FY19 FY20 FY21*
Female Male Female Male Female Male
% of our global workforce 27.3% 72.7% 29.6% 70.4% 31.3% 68.7%
% of director and above roles** 23.0% 77.0% 21.5% 78.5% 25.3% 74.7%
% of all other roles*** 27.9% 72.1% 30.8% 69.2% 32.2% 67.8%
% of new hires 40.6% 59.4% 40.6% 59.4% 40.3% 59.7%
* FY21 data represents our workforce as of September 30, 2021.
** Director and above roles include the highest level individual contributors and managers, VPs and CXOs.
*** All other roles include positions not included in director and above. 
Product Life Cycle Management 
SASB Code Metric Response
TC-HW-410a.1 Percentage of products by revenue that contain IEC 62474 declarable substances All Sonos brand products contain IEC 62474 declarable substances.  
TC-HW-410a.2 Percentage of eligible products, by revenue, meeting the requirements for EPEAT registration 
or equivalentNot applicable.
TC-HW-410a.3 Percentage of eligible products, by revenue, meeting ENERGY STAR criteria Not applicable.
TC-HW-410a.4 Weight of end-of-life products and e-waste recovered, percentage recycled We recovered 440 metric tons of end-of-life products in FY21 across our North America; Asia 
Pacific; and European, Middle East and Africa regions. 
Supply Chain Management
SASB Code Metric Response
TC-HW-430a.1 Percentage of Tier 1 supplier facilities audited in the RBA Validated Audit Process (VAP) or 
equivalent, by (a) all facilities and (b) high-risk facilitiesIn FY21, we conducted in-person audits for 73.5% of our key suppliers, up 33.5% from the 
previous year.    Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index  
2021 Listen Better Report30Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index  
Supply Chain Management
SASB Code Metric Response
TC-HW-430a.1 Tier 1 suppliers’ (1) non-conformance rate with the RBA Validated Audit Process (VAP) or 
equivalent, and (2) associated corrective action rate for (a) priority non-conformances and  
(b) other non- conformancesIn our FY21 audits, a total of 254 issues were identified, including 14 critical, 139 major and 
101 minor. Of the critical and major issues, 89% were closed within the target time, nearing our 
target of 95% by FY25.  
Nonconformance Category T op 7 Instances Identified in FY21
Emergency Preparedness and Response 37
Working Hours 33
Wages and Benefits 10
Occupational Safety 9
Chemical and Hazardous Materials 7
Occupational Injury and Illness 5
Food, Sanitation and Housing 5
Materials Sourcing
SASB Code Metric Response
TC-HW-440a.1 Description of the management of risks associated with the use of critical materials Sonos relies on third-party platforms and partners to identify and manage risks associated 
with the use of critical materials. As risks are identified, Sonos works with our supply chain to 
reformulate raw materials, or to identify alternative materials, parts or suppliers as needed. 
Activity Metric
SASB Code Metric Response
TC-HW-000.A Number of units produced by product category Sonos sold 6.5 million products in FY21.
TC-HW-000.B Area of manufacturing facilities (square feet) Sonos does not currently track this information. 
TC-HW-000.C Percentage of production from owned facilities Sonos does not own any production facilities.
2021 Listen Better Report31Household & Personal Products 
Water Management  
SASB Code Metric Response
CG-HP-140a.1 (1) T otal water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with  
High or Extremely High Baseline Water StressNot reported.  
CG-HP-140a.2 Description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and practices to  
mitigate those risksAlthough our business is not water intensive, we aim to conserve water whenever possible, 
including at our offices.
Product Environmental, Health and Safety Performance 
SASB Code Metric Response
CG-HP-250a.1 Revenue from products that contain Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction  
of Chemicals (REACH) substances of very high concern Not reported. As part of Sonos Product Sustainability Program, there is ongoing work to 
address changes in: REACH, the Restriction of Certain Hazardous Substances (RoHS), 
Department of T oxic Substances Control and the Environmental Protection Agency. Sonos is 
also working toward the migration to halogen-free products.  
CG-HP-250a.2 Revenue from products that contain substances on the California DTSC Candidate  
Chemicals ListNot reported. As part of Sonos Product Sustainability Program, there is ongoing work to 
address changes in: REACH, the Restriction of Certain Hazardous Substances (RoHS), 
Department of T oxic Substances Control and the Environmental Protection Agency. Sonos is 
also working toward the migration to halogen-free products.  
CG-HP-250a.3 Discussion of process to identify and manage emerging materials and chemicals of concern Sonos relies on third-party platforms and partners to monitor emerging global regulations, 
standards and requirements. As new materials and chemicals of concern are identified, we 
work with our supply chain to ensure substitutions are made where necessary.  
CG-HP-250a.4 Revenue from products designed with green chemistry principles Sonos does not track its product revenue against green chemistry principles.  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index  
2021 Listen Better Report32Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index  
Packaging Life Cycle Management 
SASB Code Metric Response
CG-HP-410a.1 (1) T otal weight of packaging, (2) percentage made from recycled and/or renewable materials 
and (3) percentage that is recyclable, reusable and/or compostableIn FY21, we achieved 94%  responsibly sourced packaging paper, which is made from either 
post consumer recycled, FSC-certified or plant based fiber paper. Our total weight of paper in 
our packaging was 9,788.1 metric tons, with 9,191.6 metric tons responsibly sourced.   
CG-HP-410a.2 Discussion of strategies to reduce the environmental impact of packaging throughout its  
life cycleWe’re designing our packaging to reflect our responsibility to the planet. This means continuing 
to move toward sustainable paper and away from plastics. Our goal is to use 100% responsibly 
sourced paper for our packaging by FY25. This means the paper is either PCR (post consumer 
recycled), FSC-certified (Forest Stewardship Council) or recycled plant-based fibers.
Environmental & Social Impacts of Palm Oil Supply Chain
SASB Code Metric Response
CG-HP-430a.1 Amount of palm oil sourced, percentage certified through the Roundtable on Sustainable  
Palm Oil (RSPO) supply chains as (a) Identity Preserved, (b) Segregated, (c) Mass Balance or  
(d) Book & ClaimNot applicable. 
Activity Metric
SASB Code Metric Response
CG-HP-000.A Units of products sold, total weight of products sold Sonos sold 6.5 million products in FY21.
CG-HP-000.B Number of manufacturing facilities Not reported.