2021
Sustainability report
2020 performanceAccelerating sustainability,
together
Scope and reporting period
This annual sustainability report outlines STMicroelectronics’ (ST) sustainability strategy, 
programs and performance during the calendar year 2020. It is aimed at stakeholders who want to learn more about our commitment and approach to sustainability. Unless otherwise stated, the information and data cover all our activities and sites.  I 102-1 I 102-50 I 102-52 I
In 2017, ST acquired a manufacturing facility in Singapore. The facility was fully 
transferred to ST in May 2019. The data from this facility is integrated in this report. I 102-10 I
There is no restatement of information given in previous reports.  I 102-48 I
Report structure and content
This report is aligned with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards for stakeholder 
inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and completeness. It focuses on the 14 material topics of our sustainability strategy (see page 22 and 23 ), which are aligned 
with our business priorities. We identified these topics in 2020 through a materiality exercise that considered the sustainability context and involved a review of stakeholders’ concerns (see page 24 ). For each material topic, we define ambitions and goals, and 
implement programs. In response to our stakeholders’ expectations and for a better understanding of our performance, we disclose data and information from previous years. We also include examples of actions we have carried out at ST sites, as well as quotes from stakeholders, enabling them to express their own views on our sustainability performance.  I 102-46 I 102-49 I
The report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. We 
use labels to disclose GRI Standards throughout the report and we list all references to GRI Standards and the corresponding page numbers in the GRI content index on pages 88  and 89.  I 102-54 I
Our disclosures are also aligned with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) semiconductor standard and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework (see page 91 ).
Use of symbols
We use the following symbols in this report to indicate our progress towards our objectives:
 Target achieved         
  In progress      No progress/not achieved
External verification
ST’s Sustainability Group Vice President has appointed DNV Business Assurance France (DNV) to provide us with assurance services. DNV has verified the content and data in this report and confirmed that it has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. DNV interviewed all relevant corporate departments and three categories of stakeholders. In addition, DNV audited three manufacturing sites – Ang Mo Kio (Singapore), Catania (Italy), and Kirkop (Malta) – to validate our data reporting process and provide assurance for this year’s report. Information and data relating to the ST Foundation were not part of DNV’s external verification exercise. DNV’s assurance statement can be found on pages 94 and 95 .  I 102-56 I
Availability
This sustainability report is available in PDF format at www.st.com/company-reports , 
along with last year’s report (published on May 12, 2020) and those from previous years. You can access the online versions at sustainabilityreports.st.com . Printed copies are 
available on request at sustainable.development@st.com .  I 102-51 I
Supporting the UN Global Compact and Sustainable 
Development Goals
We have been a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact since 2000 and we 
follow its 10 principles. This report describes the actions we have taken during 2020 to implement these principles. It therefore serves as our 2020 Communication on Progress (see page 90 ).  I 102-12 I
ST supports the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our contribution to 11 of the 17 SDGs is highlighted throughout this report, including indicators to 
measure our performance against these goals: 
 SDGAlthough reasonable efforts have been made to 
ensure the consistency of the summary financial information for the year 2020 in this report with ST’s financial reporting, reliance should only be placed upon the complete financial reporting contained in ST’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2020, as filed with the SEC on February 24, 2021, which can be found at www.st.com. Some of the statements contained in this report that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended) based on management’s current views and assumptions, and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance, or events to differ materially from those in such statements. Certain such forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ‘believes’, ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’, ‘would be’ or ‘anticipates’ or similar expressions or the negative thereof or other variations thereof or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. Some of the relevant risk factors are described in ‘Item 3. Key Information – Risk Factors’ included in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2020. We do not intend, and do not assume any obligation, to update any information or forward-looking statements set forth in this report to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.Feedback 
I 102-3 I 102-53 I
We value feedback and encourage 
contributions and suggestions from all our stakeholders. You can email us at sustainable.development@st.com  
or write to us at our headquarters:  Corporate Sustainable Development STMicroelectronics International NV 39, Chemin du Champ-des-Filles C.P . 21CH-1228 Geneva – Plan-Les-OuatesSwitzerland
This report has been prepared 
according to GRI Standards and is externally assured. It represents a balanced and reasonable presentation of our organization’s economic, environmental and social performance. It also demonstrates our commitment to the UN Global Compact, to which we have been a signatory since 2000.
Jean-Marc Chery 
President and CEOAbout this report

2021 Edition
This report has been prepared by:
Director of publication: Jean-Louis ChampseixEditors in chief: Sheila D’Annunzio, 
Dominique Tagarian
Editorial team: Catherine Baudru,  
Chloe Emont, Claire Faure, Julia Genovini, Catherine Pelissonnier, Alexandra Viaud
Editorial services: WordsworksGraphic designers: Diane Ollivier graphic agency, 
STMicroelectronics graphic agency
Special thanks to: Celine Berthier, Alexis Breton, 
Jean-Baptiste Collovray, Gerard Cronin,  Philippe Dereeper, Nelly Dimey, Karen Duhart,  Franck Freymond, Wendy Hudry Allen,  Philippe Laffargue, Claudia Levo,  Priyaranjan Mahanta, Giulia Mancini, Herve Maury, Adeline Oliva, Laurent Orsati, Pascal Roquet,  Tait Sorensen, Damien Tisserand, Shahrom Tumin.
Thanks to: Ermanno Astorino, Mouna Baktaoui, 
Pierre-Yves Berger, Giorgio Bettoschi,  
Giovanna Bottani, Linda Cook,  Jean-dominique Cardoso, Claudia Cavenaghi,  Alain Chabod, Alessandro Cremonesi,  Leah Cruz, Mauro d’Angelo, Aurélie Deville,  Sarah Elbaqali, Ignacio Elarco, Anne Foerster,  Daniela Formenti, Eric Gerondeau,  Massimiliano Giordano, Meng Kwee Goh,  Jeremy Gout, Federica Grotto,  Jean-christophe Houdbert, Hui-Lin Koh,  Bruno Laurent, Olivier Leenhardt, Eric Levalet, Iris Lo, Philippe Magarshack, Nathalie Magniez,  Laurence Maricot, Maurizio Martena Malfa,  Brian Mielewski, Pierre Mollon, Patrizia Moschetti, Terence Ngwan, Serge Nicoleau, Robin Noels,  Marie-Sophie Note, Kirk Ouellette,  Jean-Michel Paris, Camille Pied, Jean-Marie Quiles, Janice Anne Recto, Antonella Redaelli,  Arianna Carla Sala, Arlene Salido, Axelle Scarpa , Parminder Singh Walia, Alan Smith, WD Dennis Tan, Sara Tedeschi, Wegene Teo, Vianney Taufour,  Ling Wu, Nicolas Yackowlew.
We also would like to thank:
•
everyone who kindly agr
eed to be quoted
in this report and provide testimony of their
collaboration with ST
•everyone who kindly agr
eed to have their
pictures published in the report
•our interfaces at ST sites, sustainabilitychampions and EHS teams who support ouractivity all year r
ound
•site dir
ectors and human resources managers
•the teams audited in Ang Mo Kio, Catania andKirkop for their availabilityContent
4 ST at a g lance
5
 F
oreword by our President and CEO
6
 Our business model
8
 ST pr
oducts and solutions
10 F
acing the pandemic
12 2020 highlights
13 Our long-t
erm ambitions and goals
14 Living ou
r values
14 Gover nance
16
 Ethics and Compliance
19
 Risk Management
22
 Sustainability
 strategy
26 A ugmenting everybody’s life
27 Sustainable Financial Performance
30
 Innovation
33
 Sustainable T
echnology
36
 Customer Satisfaction
39
 Business indicators
40 Putting people firs t
41 Health  and Safety
44
 Labor and Human
 Rights
47
 T
alent Attraction and Engagement
50
 Diversity and
 Inclusion
53
 People
 indicators
58 Pr otecting the environment
59 Our appr oach to the environment
60
 Ener
gy and Climate Change
64
 W
ater
67
 W
aste
70
 Chemicals
73
 Envir
onmental indicators
75 Acting t ogether
76 Responsible  Supply Chain
80
 Community and
 Education
83
 Communities indicators
84 Decalogue r esults
86
 A
wards 2020 overview
88
 GRI Cont
ent Index
90
 Int
ernational standards
91 SASB and TCFD index
es
92
 ST supports the SDG
93
 Glossar
y
94
 Ext
ernal assurance statement
4Our value propositionST at a glance
•a global semiconductor leader
•2020 r
evenues of US$10.2B
•listed: NYSE, Eur
onext Paris and Borsa Italiana, Milan
•appr
oximately 46,000 employees worldwide
•appr
oximately 8,100 people working in R&D•11  manufacturing sites
•over 
80 Sales & Marketing offices serving over
100,000 customers across the globe
•signatory of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)
•member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)As of December 31, 2020 Resear ch & Development
 Main Sales & Marketing
 Front-end
 Back-endl 102-2 l 102-4 l 102-7 l
For our shareholders
Return value in line with our  
sustainable, profitable growth objective
Sustainable and pr
ofitable growth 
For our customers
Provide differentiating enablers
Independent, reliable and secure  
supply chain
For all our stakeholders
Committed to sustainability
Our values:  
Integrity – People – Excellence
5Since early 2020 the world has changed, with 
the pandemic reshaping how we live, work and communicate. During these tough times, ST showed resilience at all levels. First, we have relentlessly focused on protecting the health and safety of our 46,000 employees, with equipment, extensive health and safety advice, and regular communication. In turn, ST employees demonstrated their commitment to the communities in which they live and work with multiple cash and in-kind donations to support local hospitals and stakeholders. They also maintained a high level of engagement despite the personal and professional constraints of this period. 
All of us worked, and are working 
hard with our suppliers, 
partners and customers 
to protect both the 
short and the longer 
term, in a situation 
where global 
supply chain 
tension is strong 
across all end-markets. Our technologies 
are enablers of 
smart mobility, 
advanced 
power & energy 
management 
across all types of 
systems and are at the 
heart of next-generation 
devices and communication 
infrastructure. They play a key role in helping our customers address their opportunities and solve their challenges, and we believe they also bring an important contribution to overcome global environmental and social challenges. Addressing these opportunities and challenges paves the way to long-term sustainable and profitable growth for ST, for shareholders, for customers, for all our stakeholders globally, and more broadly for society. Providing innovative and sustainable solutions to our customers implies being an independent device manufacturer mastering the entire value chain: sourcing raw materials, investing in technology and product R&D for innovation, ensuring reliable and secure manufacturing, and relentlessly pursuing product quality. In 2020, we continued to progress with our strategic programs based on Silicon Carbide and Gallium Nitride, and with the construction of the 300mm fab in Agrate (Italy), which will manufacture power management devices. We continued to invest in R&D and open innovation with 143 partners worldwide to build the future. We are also improving our social and environmental footprint at every stage of the product lifecycle, with 63% of new products identified as responsible and 18.5% of total revenue derived from responsible products. 
We devote significant effort to lowering the impact 
of our operations. We continue to implement technical solutions to reduce emissions, reuse water, recycle waste and progressively switch to renewable energy sources. We have made further progress in reducing Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions, with another 19% reduction compared to 2019 in absolute terms. Our longstanding efforts across many areas, detailed in this report, were recognized again in 2020, with ST securing a CDP A list ranking and continued presence in the DJSI World index as well as in other key ESG rankings and international certifications. 
Last year I wrote to you about my commitment to 
take the necessary actions to progress even faster in achieving ST’s strong sustainability ambitions. In December 2020, we took an important step to accelerate our efforts with the announcement of our commitment to become carbon neutral by 2027. To achieve this very ambitious target we have built a comprehensive program and will mobilize the support of expert partners and stakeholders in a collaborative approach. In 2021 we start this journey together, and we will be reporting regularly to you on our progress. 
Jean-Marc Chery 
President and CEOForeword by our 
President and CEO
 I 102-14 I

6Our business model
Front-end  
manufacturing
Manufacturing chips 
requires around 400 
separate stages, 
starting with a plain 
wafer, and resulting in 
the etching of several 
hundreds to thousands 
of dies.Main steps in our value chain
Suppliers
We purchase raw 
materials, equipment, 
energy, gas, chemicals 
and services from 
many suppliers and 
subcontractors.R&D concept  
and design
New products 
are created in a 
multi-step process 
including architecture 
conception, electrical 
layout, electrical and 
logic simulation, chip 
layout and generation 
of the mask that will be 
used to etch the design 
in silicon.
Management of our impacts
Suppliers
We require our suppliers to implement the Responsible Business Alliance 
(RBA) standards and encourage ISO and OHSAS certifications to address 
ethics, social, environmental, health and safety risks. 
We participate in the Responsible Minerals Initiative.
Products
Through our Sustainable Technology program we design products 
systematically taking into consideration the environmental impact of the 
device during its whole lifecycle, including raw materials, transportation, 
manufacturing, usage and end of life.
People
We ensure the health and safety of our employees through advanced 
management systems and certification.
We implement our Code of Conduct and the RBA standards in all our sites 
to mitigate our ethics and labor and human rights risks, and carry out regular 
assessments and audits in all our production sites.Human
• ~46,000 employees
• 103 nationalities
• 34% women, 66% men
• Average age: 40
Financial
• US$14 billion total assets
• US$1.3 billion capital 
investments
• US$1,099 million net cash
Intellectual
• ~8,100 employees in R&D
• US$1.6 billion R&D 
investments
• 143 R&D partnerships
Manufactured
• 11 main manufacturing sites 
in 7 different countries
• ~65% of employees in 
manufacturing
• >6,000 suppliers
Natural
• 2,626GWh of energy 
consumed 
• 40% of renewable energy
• ~20 million m3 of water 
withdrawn
• >5,900 chemicals used
Social and relationship
• ST values and  
Code of Conduct
• US$2.1 million cash donated 
by ST to local communities
• >114,000 hours donated to 
local communitiesResources
7Human
Engaged and skilled people in an 
inclusive and safe workplace
• average of 44 hours of training 
per employee 
• 81% of employees recommend ST 
as a great place to work 
• 0.14 recordable injury case rate
Financial
Sustainable financial performance
• US$10.22 billion net revenues
• US$3.07 billion salaries  
and benefits
• US$174 million taxes paid
• US$168 million cash dividend
Intellectual
Innovative products and solutions
• ~18,000 active patents
• 63% of new products classified 
Sustainable Technology 
• 15% of revenues generated  
by new product lines
Manufactured
Responsible and effective 
business operations
• >100,000 customers served
• ISO 9001, 14001, 22301, 50001, 
45001/OHSAS 18001  
and IATF certifications
• 100% of main manufacturing sites 
covered by RBA audits
• 98% of new suppliers screened  
on social responsibility criteria
Natural
Mitigation of the impact  
of our activities
• 78% decrease in PFC emissions 
since 1994 (per unit of production)
• 88% of waste reused, recovered  
or recycled
• 41% of water recycled or reused
Social and relationship
Knowledge and values shared 
with all
• >163,000 beneficiaries in local 
communities
• 340 volunteering initiatives from 
35 sites worldwide
• >770,000 people trained on 
computer basics by ST Foundation 
since 2003Electrical  
wafer sorting
Dies on the wafer are 
electrically tested.
This step is known as 
wafer sort or probe.Product use  
and end of life
We offer a large 
portfolio of products 
suitable for the wide 
range of applications 
addressed by our 
customers.Back-end  
manufacturing
The dies are cut from 
the silicon wafer before 
being assembled in a 
package. The chips 
are then tested prior 
to delivery to the 
customer.Value created
Environment
We deploy programs to reduce our direct and indirect greenhouse gas 
emissions from all our operations, including Perfluorinated Compounds 
(PFCs), which have a very long atmospheric lifetime and high global 
warming potential.
We minimize the environmental, health and safety risks related to the 
chemicals and materials used in the manufacturing process, by basing the 
selection, handling, and substitution on the precautionary principles.
We are continually reducing our water footprint through reuse and recycling 
and all our wastewater is treated before being discharged into 
the environment.
We reduce, reuse, recycle or recover as much of our waste as possible, rather 
than sending it to incineration or landfill.
I 102-2 I 102-9 I 201-1 I
Unless otherwise stated, all data refer to 2020.
8To enable embedded 
processing capabilities 
at the heart of every 
smart object, we offer 
general purpose 
microcontrollers,  
such as our STM32 family. This 
family has over 1,000 part numbers so designers can find 
the best solution for their application, whether they require 
ultra-low power consumption, high performance, artificial 
intelligence (AI), advanced security or a high level of wireless 
and wired connectivity. 
We also offer a comprehensive development ecosystem that 
saves on design costs and reduces time to market. Recent 
enhancements include new features in our STM32Cube 
software-development ecosystem, the addition of seamless 
connection to Microsoft Azure RTOS, and AI software packages 
from partners.ST products and solutions
ST delivers intelligent and energy-efficient products and solutions 
that power the electronics at the heart of everyday life. Our chips 
and systems are found in billions of products, from cars and factory 
machines, through washing machines and air conditioning systems, 
to smartphones and telecommunications equipment. Our technology 
helps our customers make all these products more intelligent, more 
energy efficient, more connected, safer and more secure.  I 102-2 I
Our strategy is based on long-term trends: smart mobility, power & 
energy, Internet of Things (IoT) and 5G. We address four end markets 
– Automotive; Industrial; Personal Electronics; and Communications 
Equipment, Computers and Peripherals – where these trends drive the 
evolving requirements of our customers.  I 102-6 I
Internet of Things and 5G
To support the needs of IoT and 5G, we provide  
a variety of products and solutions for embedded 
processing, connectivity, security, sensing and 
actuating.Our STM32 
microprocessor 
family addresses 
demanding Industrial 
and IoT applications 
that require support 
for large open-source software. In 2020, 
we added to our offer new products that 
deliver more performance in audio and 
video, more powerful AI capabilities, and 
a better user experience. 
New STM32MP1  
Series @ 800MHz for industrial 
and IoT applicationsST motion and environmental MEMS 
and sensors offer customers increased 
accuracy and sensitivity, with ultra-
low power consumption. Our products 
power flagship personal electronics 
devices and help deliver the best user 
experience. We are present in many 
automotive and industrial applications, 
with products designed to meet the 
performance and reliability requirements 
of harsh environments.
High-accuracy industrial 
inclinometer  with advanced 
embedded functions
Our patented FlightSense™ 
technology, based on 
the Time-of-Flight (ToF) 
principle, ensures a high-
accuracy, low-power and all-in-solution 
for proximity and ranging sensors for 
personal electronics and industrial 
applications, as well as 3D sensing for 
smartphones and smart driving (LiDAR) 
features. 
Our ToF sensors are integrated into 
devices that can help protect our 
health, ensuring both social distancing 
and touchless interaction. They can 
help users avoid contact with surfaces 
located in high-traffic areas, including 
self-service touchscreens, smart 
faucets, and push-button door openers.Time-of-Flight sensors assure 
social distancing and enable 
touchless solution
Security is critical 
for all connected 
devices and our 
offer covers  
the full range of  
secure solutions. These include software and hardware 
embedded in general purpose microcontrollers and 
microprocessors, supported by the STM32Trust ecosystem, 
which offers a multi-level strategy to enhance security.
We provide dedicated secure microcontrollers that meet the 
highest security standards. They can be found in smartcards 
used for ID, transport, banking and SIM cards, as well as pay  
TV applications.STSAFE-A110 ecosystem for 
seamless security
Microsoft® Azure RTOS to enhance 
STM32Cube™ ecosystemOur wireless connectivity solutions 
include STM32 microcontrollers with 
embedded wireless, standalone RF 
transceivers, and network processors 
for Bluetooth, Bluetooth Low Energy, 
Zigbee, Thread and sub-1GHz long-
range networks. We work with partners 
to make it easier for our customers to 
use the services with Cloud connectivity 
software.  
In 2020, we introduced the world’s 
first LoRa® System on Chip for long-
distance wireless connection to the IoT. 
We also acquired companies (for more 
information, see Innovation on  
page 30) in the wireless IoT space to 
build a complete wireless microcontroller 
portfolio for many IoT and industrial 
applications.
Bluetooth 5.0 network 
processor boosts speed, 
scalability, and security
Our innovative 
thin-film 
piezoelectric 
micro actuators 
ensure higher 
efficiency and lower costs 
for traditional applications such as 
inkjet printing, while enabling innovation 
with MEMS speakers, micromirrors 
and fluid dispensing technologies. Our 
MEMS technology also supports medical 
applications, such as the tiny disposable 
cartridges used in a portable point-of-
care molecular diagnostic detection 
instrument recently introduced to the 
market by one of our customers.
ST Real-Time PCR molecular 
technology enables detection 
of genetic materials

9Our Silicon Carbide (SiC) 
solution for electric vehicles 
(EVs) and charging stations 
enables our customers to create electric 
cars with longer range, that charge 
faster, and have a lower weight. We 
provide high-efficiency smart power 
solutions and processors to ensure that 
every device used to power, control and 
monitor car subsystems consumes less 
energy.
Silicon Carbide solution
for EVs and charging stationsFor car electrification, 
we offer a range 
of products to 
support battery 
energy management 
and efficient energy 
conversion inside the vehicle. 
In 2020, we introduced a new  
battery-management product line that 
increases the reliability, safety, driving 
range, and cost-effectiveness of EVs.
New battery-management 
product
We work with 
partners such as 
Intel-Mobileye and 
Autotalks to provide 
ADAS solutions that 
make driving safer 
by reducing road 
accidents. The products we supply 
include cutting-edge RF and vision 
systems, as well as advanced vehicle 
communications solutions.
Advanced Driver Assistance 
Systems (ADAS)For car digitalization, we offer our 
automotive microcontroller families, 
which range from cost-sensitive to 
highly advanced applications. 
Innovative and powerful Integration MCU  
for next-gen automotive 
architecture
We offer ICs dedicated to 
body and convenience  
solutions, including body  
control modules and car  
lighting systems, as well as  
ASIC and ASSP solutions for engine control. Our in-vehicle 
infotainment systems cover everything from high-end 
integrated platforms and digital radio to audio power 
amplifiers. 
In 2020, we introduced new tools to assist the development of 
the numerous electronic control unit (ECU) systems in today’s 
vehicles. AutoDevKit library is a software tool that allows users 
to select the microcontrollers and functional boards from our 
wide automotive portfolio to easily prototype their solution.SPC5 
Studi oAutoDevKitTM ecosystem eases prototyping 
automotive ECUsTo meet the smart mobility 
needs of our global customer 
base, we provide products 
and solutions that serve the 
key trends in the automotive 
market – vehicle digitalization 
and electrification. We enable 
them to create the next 
generation of vehicles that 
are safer, greener and more 
connected.Smart mobilityPower and energy management
New STSPIN32 plug-and-play boards 
jumpstart cordless power-tool designs
Our STSPIN motor drivers embed all 
the functions needed to drive 
motors efficiently and with the 
highest accuracy. They include a 
low-voltage series designed for 
battery-powered smart devices, and 
a series embedding an STM32 microcontroller. We also provide 
tools and software for the STM32 in an integrated development 
environment to ease the design of motor control solutions.
In 2020, we created a digital power 
ecosystem that brings together 
resources to create innovative 
digital power supplies using STM32 
microcontrollers. It includes embedded 
software, development kits, demo 
boards, and tools, with training delivered 
by specialist partners.STM32 Digital 
Power Ecosystem  
for beginners  
up to experts
We offer power discrete devices 
serving applications across our end 
markets. Our SiC and GaN power 
devices deliver efficiency and enhanced 
performance in automotive, industrial, 
and communications infrastructure 
applications. Other products are first 
choice solutions for high-end power 
conversion, home appliances, power 
supplies, and motor control. 
High-power IPMs
for Industrial and AutomotiveWe address 
applications that require generic and 
application-specific solutions for power 
management. Our solutions enable 
energy-saving, high-power-density 
and lower-standby-power designs. 
Our offering includes Silicon Carbide 
(SiC) and Gallium Nitride (GaN) power 
discretes, Silicon MOSFETs, IGBTs and 
customized power modules, AC-DC and 
DC-DC converters, battery management 
ICs, wireless power ICs, digital 
controllers, and gate drivers.
We provide an array of motor control 
solutions that enable motors to run 
with higher efficiency and greater 
precision. We cover the requirements of 
brushed DC motors, stepper motors and 
brushless DC motors over an extensive 
range of voltage and current ratings.
Digital power-supply 
controllers for interleaved 
boost-PFC Our technology and solutions 
for power and energy 
management enable customers 
to increase energy efficiency 
everywhere and support the 
use of renewable energy 
sources.
10Facing the pandemic
Protective measures
Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic our top priority has been to protect the health and safety of 
our employees. We activated a Corporate Crisis Team (CCT) to implement immediate measures to protect our 
employees, ensure the continuity of our operations, and limit the spread of the virus at our sites.
Psychological  
support with 
>5,000  
connections
>3,000  
surveys
244  
blog updates  
answering employees’ 
questions
Social  
distancing  
measuresProtective barriers 
in areas such as 
canteens, meeting 
rooms, cloakrooms
~15,000
employees working 
from home
10 
million 
protection masks  
provided to  
employees
>100 
corporate crisis  
team meetingsDigitalization  
of processes  
and working  
methods
Strict control of  
site entrances  
and travel  
restrictions
Financial  
assistance  
(salary advances,  
accommodation 
fees) for vulnerable 
workers
In-site production
To address the worldwide shortage of protection equipment at the 
beginning of the pandemic, our employees used their creativity 
and expertise to manufacture sanitizer and protection equipment 
using our facilities, innovation labs and 3D printers .
>14,700  
liters of hand sanitizer
3D printed  
valves to transform  
snorkeling masks 
into breathing 
masks designed in 
our innovation labs>400  
face shields  
11
Donations to support communities
We supported our local communities with donations, fundraising and in-kind giving, 
in particular for hospitals during the first wave of the pandemic but also to help 
disadvantaged populations.
>10,600  
face shields and 
protective glasses
>700 
computers to  
schools and non-  
profit organizations to 
help disadvantaged 
pupils access school  
digital solutions>300
ventilators  
(donated by  
a supplier and  
redistributed  
to hospitals)>10,000  
liters of hand  
sanitizer 
>46,400 
protective clothes>434,000 
surgical and FFP2 
masks 
>60
mobile phones  
for isolated  
people to reach  
their family
>US$926,500  
cash
12
2020 highlights
340
education  
and volunteering
initiatives  
worldwide41%  
of water recycled 
and reused>3,500  
people trained  
on diversity and  
inclusion
 63%
of new products 
classified as  
responsible  
products85%  
of employees are 
proud to work for ST
100 %  
ST main  
manufacturing sites 
covered by RBA 
audits-19 %  
GHG emissions in 
absolute vs 2019
15.2 %  
of revenues  
invested in R&D143  
R&D partnerships
0.15 
recordable case 
rate – among the 
best-in-classCommitment  
to become
100 % 
of products are 
conflict-mineral 
freeby 2027
265   
RBA-based supplier 
audits since 2015
CLIMATE
88%  
of waste reused,  
recovered or  
recycled40%  
renewable  
energy
13Our long-term 
ambitions and goals 
Ambition Goal Status end 2020
Putting people first
Health and SafetyBe a safe workplace with zero injuries, zero 
occupational diseases and ensure healthy lives 
and well-being for all.<0.15%  
recordable cases (work-related injuries and 
illnesses) for employees and contractors by 
2025.0.15% recordable cases for 
employees.
RC rate for contractors will be 
available in 2021.
Labor and Human RightsBe recognized as a leader in labor and human 
rights and apply a zero tolerance approach to 
forced labor.100%  
of ST manufacturing sites recognized in social 
responsibility by international external bodies 
by 2025.18% 
2/11 sites with RBA Platinum 
recognition.
Talent Attraction and 
EngagementOffer the best employee experience in all the 
locations where we operate.Employee engagement rate  
+10  points above country norms by 2025.10/13 countries.
Diversity and InclusionAchieve full gender equality and be a leader  
in cultural and disability inclusion.>20%   
of women in all management levels by 2025.Experienced 19% 
Senior 13% 
Executive 10%
Augmenting everybody’s life
Innovation and ProfitsSustain profitable growth, with clear and 
focused leadership objectives in the four end 
markets we address.>20%  
of revenues generated by new product lines 
by 2025.15.4%
QualityLead our market in terms of product quality, 
with no severe quality incidents, while meeting 
the most stringent customer expectations.-75%  
severe quality incidents by 2025. (2016 baseline)-89%
Sustainable TechnologyDesign and manufacture products that have 
the greatest positive impact on the planet and 
society.x3 
% revenues generated by responsible products 
vs 2016 by 2025.x1.8
18.5% revenues generated by 
responsible products.
Protecting the environment
Climate Change Reduce our impact on climate change.Be compliant with the 1.5°C scenario by 2025, 
and carbon neutral by 2027.  
100% renewable energy by 2027.Carbon Neutrality program.
EnergyContinuously decrease our carbon footprint by 
improving energy efficiency.-20%  
energy consumption vs 2016 by 2025.  
(normalized values)-1.5%
WaterMaintain our leadership in water efficiency by 
reducing consumption, recycling more, and 
reinforcing our efforts in water scarcity areas.-20%  
water consumption vs 2016 by 2025.  
(normalized values)+6%
Waste and ChemicalsStrive for zero waste in landfill, reduce our 
consumption of chemicals and eliminate 
hazardous materials.95%  
of our waste reused and recycled by 2025.88%
Acting together
Responsible Supply ChainSystematically assess and mitigate social, 
environmental, health & safety, and ethical 
risks in our extended supply chain.100%  
suppliers at risk audited by 2025.17% 
133/800 suppliers audited.
Community and EducationPrepare the future by supporting education in 
schools in all the countries where we operate. STEM* education partnerships in  
20 countries by 2025.  
* Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics.7/20 countries.
LIVING OUR VALUES14Governance
ST’s parent company, STMicroelectronics NV, is registered in the Netherlands and is 
listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), Euronext Paris, and Borsa Italiana, Milan.
Our headquarters and operational offices are managed through our wholly owned 
subsidiary, STMicroelectronics International NV, located in Plan-les-Ouates, near Geneva, 
Switzerland. Our operations are also conducted through our various subsidiaries, which 
are organized and operated according to the laws of their countries of incorporation and 
consolidated by STMicroelectronics NV.  l 102-5 l 102-45 l
We have a two-tier governance structure, in accordance with Dutch law, where 
our management is entrusted to our Managing Board under the supervision of our 
Supervisory Board.
Our corporate governance policies and practices are outlined in our Corporate 
Governance Charter, Supervisory Board Charter and Managing Board & Executive 
Committee Charter. These are available in the corporate governance section of our 
website (see investors.st.com ).
Supervisory Board
Our Supervisory Board supervises the policies pursued by the Managing Board and the 
general course of affairs and business of ST, and supports the Managing Board with its 
advice.  l 102-18 l
Our Supervisory Board comprises nine members (four women and five men), each 
appointed at our Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Supervisory Board members 
are carefully selected in accordance with the Supervisory Board Charter and Profile, 
which are available in the corporate governance section of our website  
(see investors.st.com ).
Our Supervisory Board is assisted in its duties by four standing committees, which are 
independent of the Managing Board and senior management.
• Audit Committee
• Strategic Committee
• Compensation Committee
• Nomination and Corporate Governance CommitteeST headquarters, Geneva, Switzerland
97%
average attendance 
rate at our Supervisory 
Board meetings
LIVING OUR VALUES  I  GOVERNANcE  
15Our Supervisory Board met 12 times in 2020, with an average attendance rate of 97%. 
Full details of attendance at meetings of the Supervisory Board and its committees are 
shown in our annual report on Form 20-F , and in our statutory annual report, both of 
which are available on our website (see investors.st.com ).
Managing Board
Our President and CEO, Jean-Marc Chery, is the sole member of our Managing Board. 
An Executive Committee acts under the authority and responsibility of the Managing 
Board, and in this respect manages the Company. Jean-Marc Chery is also the Chairman 
of our Executive Committee.
The other members of the Executive Committee are:
• Orio Bellezza, President, Technology, Manufacturing and Quality
• Marco Cassis, President, Sales, Marketing, Communications and Strategy 
Development
• Claude Dardanne, President, Microcontrollers and Digital ICs Group
• Rajita D’Souza, President, Human Resources and Corporate Social Responsibility1
• Lorenzo Grandi, President, Finance, Infrastructure and Services,  
and Chief Financial Officer
• Marco Monti, President, Automotive and Discrete Group
• Steven Rose, President, Legal Counsel
• Benedetto Vigna, President, Analog, MEMS and Sensors Group.
Their biographies can be found in the ‘About ST’ section of our website  
(see www.st.com ).
Corporate Audit
Corporate Audit is strictly independent from corporate and local management. Its primary 
objective is to enhance and protect organizational value by providing risk-based and 
objective assurance, advice, and insight.
Our Chief Audit and Risk Executive is Franck Freymond. He reports directly to the Audit 
Committee of our Supervisory Board and attends quarterly meetings with the Audit 
Committee and executive management.
The current functional reporting line and practices ensure he has the appropriate level of 
organizational independence and unrestricted access to executive management and the 
Supervisory Board.
The internal audit process is based on a formal and structured audit methodology, which 
ensures a risk-based approach. Corporate Audit activities are coordinated with other risk 
assurance functions within the Company, allowing effective risk coverage.
Corporate Audit performs its activities in accordance with the International Standards 
for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing, published by the Institute of Internal 
Auditors.
Sustainability governance
Overall responsibility for sustainability lies with Rajita D’Souza, President, Human 
Resources and Corporate Social Responsibility, who chairs our Sustainability Council and 
updates our President and CEO at quarterly Executive Committee meetings.
Our President and CEO regularly updates our Supervisory Board on our sustainability 
risks and opportunities, including climate-related risks, as well as our sustainability 
strategy and performance.
Our Sustainability Council validates our sustainability strategy and ensures the means 
are in place for each organization and site to deploy the corporate programs. The Council 
comprises 14 Vice Presidents, representing Human Resources and Sustainability, 
Compliance, Ethics & Privacy, Sales and Marketing, Purchasing, Investor Relations, 
Front- and Back-end Manufacturing, Product Groups, Risk Management, Internal and 
External Communications, and Quality.
The Corporate Sustainability department is responsible for developing our sustainability 
strategy and programs. It is supported by a network of over 100 local Sustainability 
Champions who manage the programs and monitor our performance across all sites and 
organizations.  l 102-18 l
ST has been a signatory to the Global Compact since 2000 and a member of the 
Responsible Business Alliance since 2005.  l 102-13 l
(1) Rajita D’Souza has been a member of the Executive Committee since January 01, 2021.Sustainability 
Council
comprises  
14 Vice PresidentsIndependent 
audit function
LIVING OUR VALUES16Ethics and Compliance
Putting respect, accountability, and integrity at the core of our decision-making process 
is vital to support our ambition, create value and earn the trust of all our stakeholders. 
These values are some of our most valuable assets and an integral part of our long-term 
strategy.  I 102-16 I 
Our vision speaks for itself: we want to be everywhere microelectronics brings a positive 
contribution to people’s lives. We must reflect this in everything we do. We believe that 
conducting our business with the highest ethical standards is critical to our long-term 
success. We believe that ethics and compliance are everyone’s job and responsibility. 
Code of Conduct 
Our Code of Conduct is all about our values, which are shared throughout the Company. 
It sets clear expectations for all employees and other stakeholders, helps to foster a 
culture of integrity, and provides practical guidance on the way we conduct our business 
and make our decisions. 
• Integrity: we conduct our business with the highest ethical standards, honor our 
commitments, and keep our promises; we are loyal and fair and stand up for what is 
right.
• People: we behave with openness, trust, and simplicity; we are ready to share 
our knowledge, encourage everyone’s contribution, develop our people through 
empowerment, teamwork, and training; every one of us is committed and personally 
involved in the continuous improvement process.
• Excellence: we strive for quality and customer satisfaction and create value for all 
our partners; we are flexible, encourage innovation, develop our competencies, seek 
responsibility and are accountable for our actions; we act with discipline, base our 
decisions on facts, and focus on the priorities.
Our Code of Conduct is distributed to all our employees, including newcomers. It is 
available in 10 languages on our website (see www.st.com/code_of_conduct ), our 
intranet and our ST Integrity app.

LIVING OUR VALUES  I  EthIcS ANd cOmPLIANcE  
17Yearly declaration
At the beginning of each year, we run a worldwide campaign asking all eligible employees 
to sign and confirm our business ethics declaration, in line with the values and principles 
described in our Code of Conduct. 
At the end of the year, we updated our process and refocused the yearly declaration on 
three pillars: 
• the principles described in our Code of Conduct
• the disclosure of (potential) conflicts of interest
• our speak up policy 
We also refreshed our follow-up process to find out why some employees may not 
complete their yearly declaration. 
E-signature of Code of Conduct(1) (%)  
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
94 97 97 98 99
(1)      Percentage of eligible employees (all employees in the exempt category). 
Communication, awareness, and training
Our compliance and ethics communication and awareness campaign ‘Building Trust 
Together’ continued in 2020. It now includes a variety of tools to engage our employees 
and managers. Much of this was done remotely in 2020 while the COVID-19 pandemic 
prevented us from holding face-to-face and townhall meetings. For example:
• Our ST Integrity app, which includes useful and easy-to-use resources on compliance 
and ethics topics, has now been downloaded by more than 11,700 employees 
worldwide. 
• Our Ethics and Compliance intranet (beST@compliance) was refreshed and updated.  
It received nearly 12,000 unique visitors and more than 100,000 page views during  
the year.
• Our e-learning modules on ST Code of Conduct, Data Privacy and Conflict of interest, 
were taken by more than 17,000 employees.
In 2020, we organized our annual Distribution and Sales Convention for Asia Pacific, with 
more than 900 business partners (physical and virtual) invited. Due to COVID-19 travel 
restrictions, the event was decentralized and held simultaneously across Wuhan (China), 
Hong Kong (China), New Delhi (India), Tokyo (Japan), Seoul (South Korea), Singapore, 
and Taipei (Taiwan), as a hybrid event with both virtual and (when possible) physical 
activities. Compliance, Ethics and Privacy were themes of the convention, focusing 
this year on topics such as bribery and corruption, data privacy, respect for intellectual 
property and our speak up hotline. We received very positive feedback from participants.
Privacy
We respect the privacy of our stakeholders, including our employees, in the way we 
collect and use their personal data. 
In 2020, our personal data protection program became part of the Ethics and Compliance 
organization, renaming it Compliance, Ethics and Privacy. 
We updated our public website www.st.com  with a privacy portal to explain how we 
process the personal data of our visitors, and undertook several initiatives to strengthen 
our compliance with personal data protection laws and regulations.
Bribery and corruption
We have a zero-tolerance approach towards any forms of bribery and corruption, 
regardless of the identity or position of the originator or recipient of the bribe. It is also 
strictly forbidden for anybody in ST to use Company funds or assets to make a political 
contribution. 
This applies to all of our employees, organizations and third parties acting on behalf of 
ST and all transactions in any country where we operate and do (or seek to do) business. 
Any violation will be deemed a serious violation of our Code of Conduct and lead to 
disciplinary action, including termination of the relationship with ST.
Our Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy (see investors.st.com/highlights) provides 
clear definitions regarding instances of bribery and corruption and includes detailed 
descriptions of the Company’s rules for engaging with third parties. It also explains how 
to report actual or suspected violations and outlines the potential disciplinary actions and 
legal consequences of any non-compliance. Zero-tolerance
towards any forms  
of bribery and  
corruption99%
eligible employees 
signed our  
Code of Conduct
Building Trust 
Together

18
LIVING OUR VALUES  I  EthIcS ANd cOmPLIANcE  Speak up and misconduct reporting
We encourage everyone, including external business partners, to express any concerns 
they might have regarding possible violations of our Code of Conduct, the Company’s 
policies, or the law. Managers are accountable for maintaining a working atmosphere 
where employees are comfortable about speaking up and expressing their concerns 
freely. All concerns raised are taken seriously.
Our misconduct reporting process is communicated to all employees through, among 
other things, our Code of Conduct, dedicated intranet web pages and our ST Integrity 
app. In addition to internal local and corporate reporting channels, we have an 
independent multilingual misconduct reporting hotline. A link to our hotline is accessible 
on our intranet, our website (see www.st.com ) and our ST Integrity app. It can be used by 
any employee, business partner or stakeholder. 
We apply the highest standards of confidentiality in the handling of all reports received, 
either through local management or through the hotline. We ensure that no employee 
who reports a concern in good faith suffers retaliation in the form of harassment,  
or adverse employment or career consequences. 
Misconduct reporting 
2020
Total number of incidents under review as of January 01 5
Total number of incidents reported or identified during the year(1)26
Actual misconduct cases identified through audit or management review 1
Incidents closed by a formal investigation report 
        Number of confirmed external misconduct cases
        Number of confirmed internal misconduct cases
                      which led to employees being dismissed or disciplined
                      which led to terminating or not renewing contracts with business partners3 
2
2
2
0
Incidents closed after preliminary assessment 21
Incidents still open at year end 7
Number of public legal cases regarding corruption brought against ST or its employees 0
(1) Relates to cases managed at corporate level.
Ethics committees
We have a Corporate Ethics Committee whose purpose is to support ST management 
in its efforts to foster an ethical culture consistent across all regions, functions, 
and organizations. This committee was formed in 2007 and is chaired by our Chief 
Compliance Officer, Philippe Dereeper. The committee comprises senior managers 
representing various Company organizations, appointed for three-year terms by our 
President and Chief Executive Officer. It met three times in 2020.
The role of the Corporate Ethics Committee includes:
• regularly evaluating the principles in our Code of Conduct, with reference to our culture 
and commitment to business ethics
• a quarterly review of the main ethical breaches, allegations, and related investigations
• upon request from the Managing Board or the Chief Compliance Officer, providing 
guidance, in an advisory capacity, on ethical dilemmas that may be faced by the 
Company
• promoting and coordinating the activities of our local ethics committees in France, 
Italy, Asia Pacific and the Americas 
Our four local committees were established to contribute to this mission within their 
respective geographical areas. Their activities are complementary to the Corporate Ethics 
Committee, with which they are in regular communication.Speak up! 
culture
5
ethics committees
LIVING OUR VALUES19Risk Management
As a listed company operating worldwide in the global semiconductor market, we 
manage and monitor risks related to the volatility and complexity of our industry.
In 2020, the unprecedented situation of the COVID-19 pandemic highlighted our 
resilience in highly challenging conditions. 
In January 2020, we triggered our crisis management and business continuity protocols, 
focusing on two overarching priorities:
• first, maximizing measures to prevent infection and supporting our employees and 
their families
• second, executing our business continuity plans, closely monitoring the situation 
across our whole supply chain, and working with our customers, suppliers and 
partners
These priorities have remained unchanged throughout the pandemic (see Focus). 
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
Our approach to ERM is formalized in a specific policy and is aligned with ISO 31000. It 
enables us to perform systemic identification, evaluation and treatment of risk scenarios, 
allowing us to set our Company strategy, manage our performance, and capitalize on 
opportunities. 
The ERM approach is embedded in all ST organizations and key processes. It takes a 
holistic view, combining both ‘top-down’ and ‘bottom-up’ perspectives, to ensure that 
risk identification, evaluation, and management are performed at the right level.
Managing risk according to our risk appetite
Our risk appetite depends on the nature of the risk. We regularly determine the amount 
of risk we are willing to eliminate, mitigate, pursue or retain, depending on the expected 
rewards, opportunities and costs.
Throughout 2020, we refreshed our Company risk assessment with executive 
management. The output from this exercise was a risk map linked to our strategic 
objectives, including 13 ‘priority 1’ risk areas.ERM process  
aligned with
ISO 31000
20Risk owners (members of senior management) were appointed for each priority risk area 
to develop risk response plans and enhance monitoring and reporting capabilities. The 
risk plans are regularly reviewed by senior management and periodically discussed with 
the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee.
Each organization throughout the Company, including Marketing and Sales regions, 
Product Groups, Manufacturing and Technology, corporate functions and large 
transformation initiatives, also completed its own risk assessment.
Extending our improvement roadmap
The three-year improvement roadmap we defined in 2018 was further rolled out in 2020. 
This included deploying our ERM framework. Designed to consider the interests of all 
stakeholders and explicitly address uncertainty, the ERM framework is practical and 
tailored to our needs. Based on the best available information, it supports our  
decision-making.
  ST’s ERM framework
Governance,  
organization and culture• Risk oversight and governance
• Risk culture
• Risk appetite
• Risk functions and communities
Managing risk  
and opportunity• Risk and opportunity response and monitoring 
 (enabling strategy and performance)
ERM enablers• Risk reference documentation (policies and procedures)
• Risk processes (definition and methodologies)
• Risk tools
Resilience management
Since 2018, our ERM approach has been extended to explicitly address resilience topics. 
This led us to set up a ‘corporate resilience competence center’ in 2019 to drive a global 
network of resilience champions in our main sites and critical functions.
Business continuity
We have implemented a business continuity management system (BCMS) across our 
main sites and selected organizations. It provides a consistent methodology to address 
potential business disruptions that may affect our supply chain and operations through 
scenarios such as:
• site unavailability
• people unavailability
• IT system disruptions (e.g. cyber-attacks)
• facilities disruptions
• critical sourcing disruptions
• logistics/transportation disruptions
• security violations 
As such, our approach encompasses potential disasters due to natural hazards (such as 
earthquakes, floods, snowstorms, volcanic eruptions or tsunamis), industrial accidents 
(such as fires and explosions), and major impacts related to human activities (such as 
terrorism, strikes or pandemics).
In 2019, ST obtained its ISO 22301 recertification for three years. Throughout 2020, 
surveillance audits from the certification body and internal audits were performed and 
those audits will continue in 2021.
The COVID-19 pandemic has been a global challenge that required the continuous 
mobilization of our management and our dedicated crisis teams to provide our people with 
a safe working environment and maintain business continuity. Our efforts were effective as 
we put in place the most stringent health and safety measures, kept all our manufacturing 
sites operational and mitigated the impact of the crisis on our business and that of our 
customers.”Franck Freymond 
Chief Audit and Risk Executive 
Business continuity 
ISO 22301 
certified
21
LIVING OUR VALUES  I  R ISk mANAGE mENt Sustainability risks
The identification of our priority sustainability risks (and opportunities) is formalized 
through a regular multi-stakeholder materiality exercise, which was renewed in 2020 (see 
Sustainability strategy on page 22 ).
Company-level sustainability risks are then fully integrated into our ERM program.
At an operational level, our approach to sustainability risks is transversal across the 
different sustainability domains we cover. It comprises an overall environmental and 
social due diligence process that considers any potential and actual adverse impacts 
we may generate, either through our own operations or through our supply chain. By 
identifying these risks and mitigating them through dedicated programs, we can reduce 
our environmental and social footprint and find new opportunities to create positive value 
for our Company and our community.
This includes: 
• adopting reference standards such as ISO 45001 for safety, ISO 14001 for the 
environment, and the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) standard for corporate 
social responsibility, and cascading them throughout our supply chain
• defining policies that include risk identification and risk mitigation strategies with 
concrete actions
• controlling both our own and our suppliers’ performance, and correcting deviations
More specifically, we are committed to reducing our impact on climate change and 
therefore we pay particular attention to climate-related risks (see Energy and Climate 
Change on page 60 ). 
We conduct an annual risk assessment of our entire tier 1 supply chain, to determine the 
risks related to Labor and Human Rights; Environment, Health and Safety; and Ethics 
(see Responsible Supply Chain on page 76 ). 
In 2020, we also launched a ‘supply chain risks’ taskforce to improve the consistency of 
our approach to supply chain risks in the different domains we manage (Quality, Business 
Continuity, Ethics and Sustainability) and better integrate them in our procurement and 
supplier monitoring strategy.
Facing the pandemic 
Our Corporate Crisis Team (CCT), directly reporting to ST’s Executive Committee, orchestrated our global 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, driving our network of Crisis Teams at regional, country and site levels 
to address the complexity of local conditions. In addition, we set up dedicated taskforces, for domains such 
as supply chain and information technology.
The CCT coordinated our response across all relevant areas, including:
• monitoring international developments
• global travel and health and safety management (including psychological support)
• monitoring the ST-specific situation and the deployment of measures in ST regions/sites
• monitoring our business, supply chain and manufacturing
• internal and external communications 
• support function continuity management
Our rapid response and action-focused approach not only confirmed the effectiveness of our crisis 
management model, but also its ability to build trust and confidence in addressing crisis situations.
Annual risk  
assessment of  
tier 1 supply chain FOCUS
LIVING OUR VALUES22Sustainability 
strategy
AUGMENTING 
EVERYBODY’S  
LIFE
ACTING TOGETHERPROTECTING  
THE 
ENVIRONMENTPUTTING  
PEOPLE  
FIRSTLIVING OUR VALUES
A sustainability strategy focused on priorities
Focusing on what really matters for ST and our stakeholders is the cornerstone of our 
sustainability strategy. Not only does stakeholder feedback support our transformation programs related to our own processes and culture, but it also supports our development of new technologies, products, and applications. We are convinced that our technologies have a key role to play to overcome global environmental, social, and societal challenges, and to ensure a more sustainable future.
To better understand the needs and expectations of our stakeholders, in 2020 we 
conducted a new materiality assessment. This included a comprehensive analysis of industry issues, the Responsible Business Alliance sensing exercise, international reporting standards, peer benchmarks, extra-financial questionnaires, and broader sustainability megatrends. The outcome enabled us to create a pool of more than  90 topics that were most relevant to our Company and our stakeholders. We reviewed all topics and consolidated the most important ones into a list of 42. 
To assess the importance of the topics for our stakeholders, we collected 344 survey 
results from our nine categories of stakeholders (see stakeholder engagement on page 24 ). We also invited our top leaders to rate each topic according to its impact 
– positive or negative – on the social, environmental and economic value of ST. Wethen asked our sustainability experts to evaluate the level of maturity and margin forimprovement for each topic. After an in-depth analysis of the results, we selected thehighest priorities and combined some of them, to end up with a final selection of14 material topics. For each material issue, we have a specific ambition and long-termgoal. The related programs and performance for these are described throughout thisreport.  I 102-46 I
Embedding sustainability practices in our Company strategy is essential to our people, our 
business, and society at large. As a leading global company, we must embrace our role to minimize our consumption of resources, maximize value creation and partner with all our stakeholders. As the new Human Resources and Corporate Social Responsibility President, I am counting on everyone’s contribution to accelerate sustainability, together.”Rajita D’Souza 
President, Human Resources and Corporate Social Responsibility 
Three-step
materiality exercise

LIVING OUR VALUES  I  SUSt AINAbILIty StRA tEGy 
23Access to IT
Diverse suppliers
Biodiversity
Public affairs & industry networkingCommunity involvementRisk managementFair wages & bene/f_its
Waste & circular economy
Renewable energy
Up & downstream GHG emissions
Responsible products
Responsible minerals sourcing 
Responsible procurement
Working hours
Taxes
Product use risk
Freedom of association & social dialogSecurity
Promoting science in education
Technology impact riskWomen in leadershipBusiness continuityJob creation & employmentHealthcare Water recyclingChemicalsAir pollutionCustomer satisfactionFinancial performanceInnovationEnergy ef/f_iciencyEthicsHuman rights
Well-beingGHG emissions
Compliance
QualityWater ef/f_iciency
Talent attraction & retention
Diversity & inclusionHealth & safety
Data protection & privacy
I 102-47 I 103-1 I Material topics
Impact on economic, social and environmental value of STStakeholder importance High Low
High Low
Business People Environment Communities Governance
Interview
How did the COVID-19 pandemic impact ST’s sustainability practices? 
The crisis reinforced our sustainability practices. It again demonstrated the role of 
sustainability as a driver of resilience, agility, and competitiveness. 
Our business continuity preparedness enabled us to face the pandemic with a high 
sense of urgency and in line with our principles: protect people at any cost, while 
ensuring business continuity. People are at the heart of our sustainability strategy and 
our employees demonstrated a high level of engagement and solidarity. This helped us 
maintain our operations and continue to serve our customers, while at the same time 
donating to medical institutions in our local communities.
How did ST’s sustainability strategy evolve in 2020?
Managing the pandemic crisis effectively gave us the opportunity to accelerate our 
sustainability commitments and programs. 
In 2020, we refreshed our sustainability strategy through a full materiality assessment, as 
outlined above. This assessment plays an important role in strengthening the integration 
of sustainability into our business. The top three material topics that emerged from this 
exercise reflect the challenges facing society as a whole: health and safety, human rights 
and greenhouse gas emissions. We have updated our strategy, started to accelerate our 
efforts on all priority topics and upgraded our roadmap for the coming years.
We also updated our ambitions for the next seven years. In 2021, a new Sustainability 
Charter will replace our previous 2014-2020 Decalogue.
In alignment with our ambitions, in 2020 we integrated specific sustainability objectives 
into our senior executives’ compensation scheme, focusing on four key priorities: safety, 
climate change, gender diversity, and employee engagement. In 2021, we plan to extend 
the practice to the 19,000 employees eligible for short-term incentives. 
What are the next challenges for ST?  
Beyond the pandemic, climate change remains the biggest global economic and 
environmental challenge. Despite the situation in 2020, we advanced our sustainable 
development objectives and developed a roadmap to become carbon neutral by 2027. 
This is an important step in our commitment to combat climate change – a global battle 
that requires collective action.
Jean-Louis 
Champseix 
Group Vice President,  
Corporate Sustainability
Commitment to be
by 2027
Not a strategic priority but some programs in place
24Our stakeholders are employees, customers, suppliers, investors, organizations and other entities that 
can affect or be affected by our activities and products. Maintaining an open dialog with our stakeholders 
is essential to understand their interests and expectations. In addition to corporate-level dialog with key 
stakeholders such as customers (see Customer Satisfaction on page 36 ) and investors, each site conducts 
specific actions depending on its activity, size, location and culture, but all sites have regular exchanges 
with major local stakeholders, such as local authorities, schools and universities. 
During the verification process of this report, the auditor interviewed three stakeholders (education partner, 
security services, material supplier) about their relations with ST.  I 102-40 I 102-42 I 102-43 IStakeholder engagement
Stakeholders Key expectations Engagement channels
EMPLOYEES• Health and safety at work
• Respecting human rights
• Ethics• Seminars, conferences, forums
• VP communication meetings
• Recognition, awards, contests
• Intranet, internet, news, emails, videos
• Training, workshops
• Employee surveys
• Application week, EHS week
CUSTOMERS• Health and safety at work
• Respecting human rights
• Greenhouse gas emissions • Trade shows
• Conventions, technical seminars
• Audits and site visits
• Joint seminars, conferences, blog,   
technodays, workshops, webinars
• Meetings
INVESTORS & ANALYSTS•  Health and safety at work
• Greenhouse gas emissions
• Talent attraction & retention• Investors and analysts day
• Annual reports
• Extra-financial questionnaires
SUPPLIERS• Health and safety at work
• Ethics
• Respecting human rights• Meetings
• Audits
• Supplier training
• Surveys
• EHS week
• Technical roadshows
LOCAL PARTNERS• Respecting human rights
• Greenhouse gas emissions
• Health and safety at work• Partnerships
• Conferences, conventions, meetings
• Site visits
• Donations, training, volunteering,  local 
initiatives
NATIONAL & LOCAL  
AUTHORITIES• Ethics
• Greenhouse gas emissions
• Respecting human rights• Partnerships with municipalities
• Meetings, conferences, seminars
• Annual reports
• Site visits
ACADEMIC & LABORATORIES• Ethics
• Respecting human rights
• Product and technology 
innovation• Internships, scholarships, PhDs
• Joint R&D projects, joint labs
• Conferences, technical seminars 
• Site visits
INDUSTRY ASSOCIATIONS• Ethics
• Respecting human rights
• Renewable energy• Memberships in public–private 
partnerships, international and 
European associations
• Participation in consortiums, in 
working  groups of electronic industry 
associations
• Meetings, conferences, seminars
MEDIA• Fair wages and benefits
• Greenhouse gas emissions
• Renewable energy• Conferences, conventions, meetings
• Press releases
Key expectations are the top three issues retained by each group of stakeholders in our 2020 materiality exercise.
I 102-44 I
Contributing to the Sustainable  
Development Goals (SDGs) 
The SDGs set by the United Nations define global sustainable development priorities and 
aspirations for 2030, highlighting the world’s biggest social and environmental challenges.
As a multinational company, we believe we have a responsibility and a role to play to 
help achieve these goals. We mapped the 17 SDGs to our material topics and business 
strategy. We then identified the 11 goals that are most relevant to our sustainability 
strategy. Our performance against these SDGs is highlighted throughout this report.
EDUCATIONQUALITY
• We support education  
in all the countries 
where we operate.
•  We develop the  
competence of our  
employees through a  
blended approach.EQUALITYGENDER
• We aspire to achieve full 
gender equality.
• Our Women in Leadership 
program prepares the 
next generation of women 
leaders.
AND SANITATIONCLEAN WATER
• We are committed to  
reducing our water  
consumption and  
recycling more.
• All our wastewater is 
treated before being  
discharged into the 
environment.
• We strive for zero  
waste in landfill.AFFORDABLE AND
CLEAN  ENERGY
• We deploy programs to  
improve energy efficiency 
in all our manufacturing 
sites.
GOOD HEALTH
AND WELL-BEING
• We aim to ensure healthy 
lives and well-being for all.
• We are engaged in  
minimizing risks of  
negative impact on people 
due to our activities.DECENT WORK AND
ECONOM IC GROWTH
• We apply a zero tolerance 
approach to forced labor.
• We assess and mitigate 
social risks in our  
extended supply chain.
• We focus on providing  
a safe workplace with  
zero injuries and zero  
occupational diseases.CLIMATE
ACTION
• We are committed to being 
carbon neutral by 2027.
• We deploy programs to 
reduce our GHG emissions.
• We actively participate 
in industry initiatives for 
action on climate change.
• As a member of the 
Responsible Business 
Alliance and other industry  
associations, we share 
knowledge and expertise 
to help achieve the SDGs. INDUS TRY, INNOV ATION
AND INFRASTRUCTURE
• We promote open 
innovation and partner  
with a wide range of 
universities and research 
institutes throughout  
the world.REDUCED
INEQUALITIES
• We promote equal 
opportunities for all. 
• Our ambition is to be a 
leader in cultural and  
disability inclusion.
• Our ST Foundation is 
bridging the digital divide.
RESPONSIBLE
CONSUMPTION
AND PROD UCTION
• We strive for zero waste in 
landfill, reduce our  
consumption of chemicals 
and eliminate hazardous 
materials.
25
LIVING OUR VALUES  I  S UStAINA bILIty St RAtEGy 
Augmenting 
everybody’s life
15.2 % 
of our revenues  
invested in R&DInclusion in
DJSI  
World63 %  
of new 
ST products 
are responsible  
products
Gallium Nitride (GaN) technology
AUGMENTING EVERYBODY’S LIFE27
Capital Markets Day 2020Sustainable Financial 
Performance
In 2020, ST showed its resilience during the first half of an unprecedented year, while in 
the second half we demonstrated our ability to cope with a strong and sudden upswing 
in demand. Our business continuity plans enabled us to support our customers and 
continue to execute our R&D programs, while maintaining the most stringent health and 
safety measures. We achieved this by working alongside our customers and partners 
throughout the year.
During 2020, we returned to solid revenue growth, outperforming the markets we 
serve. Our net revenues increased by 6.9% to US$10.2 billion, better than our initial 
expectations. Sales to OEMs represented 73% of total 2020 revenues, while distribution 
represented 27%. For the full year 2020, we maintained our profitability with an operating 
margin of 12.9% and net income of US$1.1 billion, translating into diluted earnings per 
share of US$1.20. We also strengthened our net financial position to US$1.1 billion, with 
strong growth in operating and free cash flow.
Cash dividends paid to stockholders totaled US$168 million. As part of our existing share 
buyback program, we repurchased shares totaling US$125 million during the year.15.4%2020 OUR AMBITION 2025 GOALSustain profitable growth, with 
clear and focused leadership 
objectives in the four end markets 
we address. 
>20%
of revenues generated by  
new product linesInnovation & Profits
In US$m 2020 2019
Net Revenues 10,219 9,556
Gross Margin 37.1% 38.7%
Operating Income 1,323 1,203
Net Income 1,106 1,032
Free Cash Flow 627 497
Net Financial Position 1,099 672Revenues 
US$10.2 billion
28Looking forward
We plan to invest between US$1.8 billion and US$2 billion in 2021, to meet strong market 
demand and advance our strategic initiatives.
This includes investments in expanding the capacity of our existing 300mm fab at Crolles 
(France), developing the product mix for our most advanced 200mm fabs, and the 
substantial expansion of our Silicon Carbide capacity.
It also includes around US$400 million of investment in strategic initiatives, including: 
• continued investment in our new Agrate 300mm fab (Italy)
• R&D for Gallium Nitride power technologies
• fabrication of Silicon Carbide substrates
In 2020, amid the COVID-19 pandemic and global trade tensions, ST’s transformation 
to support growth and demonstrate resilience was evident. Our net revenues grew 6.9% 
year over year driven by the breadth of our product portfolio, the diversity of the markets 
we address and the wide, and in many cases, intimate relationships with our customers 
that supported us in a challenging environment. ST has a bright future. We see significant 
opportunities to grow our revenues, improve our profitability and make ST financially stronger 
and even more resilient.”Lorenzo Grandi
President, Finance, Infrastructure and Services, and Chief Financial Officer
Faster 
and stronger  
than expected 
rebound
Investment 
in strategic initiativesProduct revenues
After a decrease in demand in the first half of 2020, from the third quarter onwards we 
saw a much faster and stronger than expected resurgence in demand, which further 
accelerated in the fourth quarter. 
This was driven by car production volumes, inventory replenishment across the 
automotive supply chain and, more broadly, an increasing need for semiconductors 
related to electrification and digitalization.
In terms of revenues by product group, two groups grew year over year, while one 
declined.
Analog, MEMS and Sensors Group (AMS) revenues increased 18%, mainly driven by 
imaging and analog products for personal electronics.
Microcontrollers and Digital IC Group (MDG) revenues increased 14.9%, driven by strong 
growth in microcontrollers from both OEMs and distribution. This was partially offset by a 
strong decline in RF Communications products in the fourth quarter.
Automotive and Discrete Group (ADG) revenues decreased 8.9%. Revenues from our 
Automotive Product sub-group decreased, mainly due to a decline in legacy automotive, 
partially offset by growth in advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) products. 
Revenues for the Power Discrete sub-group saw a smaller reduction, with soft market 
conditions for industrial in Europe and the Americas partially offset by growth in car 
electrification.  I 103-2 I 103-3 I Net revenues by region of origin 
AMERICAS EMEA ASIA PACIFIC
42%
34%
24%
29
AUG mENtING EVER ybOdy’S LIFE  I  SUStAINA bLE FINAN cIAL PERFOR mANcEWe congratulate STMicroelectronics for being included in the DJSI World. A DJSI distinction 
is a reflection of being a sustainability leader in your industry. With a record number of companies participating in the 2020 Corporate Sustainability Assessment and more stringent rules for inclusion this year, this sets your company apart and rewards your continued commitment to people and planet.”Manjit Jus
Global Head of ESG Research 
and Data, S&P Global
Extra-financial reporting
Each year, socially responsible investment rating agencies, analysts and investors evaluate our corporate behavior and performance based on a wide range of environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics.
In 2020, we maintained a strong presence in the major sustainability indices, including 
Dow Jones Sustainability Index World, FTSE4Good, Ethibel, EuroNext VIGEO Europe 120, Eurozone 120 and Benelux 120. 
We were also included in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the third consecutive 
year and in the CDP A list for climate change for the first time (see Focus).
Our sustainability performance was recognized by the Wall Street Journal that ranked ST 
71
st among 5,500 publicly traded companies around the world.
In July, ST was awarded Prime status by the Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS), and ranked in the top 10% of semiconductor companies. We received the highest rating of the semiconductor industry for both environmental and social topics.
These achievements acknowledge our longstanding commitment to conducting our 
business responsibly and recognize our performance in many areas, ranging from business ethics, innovation, and quality, to environment and labor practices. Participating in these evaluations provides an opportunity to assess our performance within a wider context, benchmark ourselves against our peers, measure our progress, and identify areas for further improvement.
ST recognized as a leader in managing climate change 
Transparently disclosing our environmental data to all stakeholders is an essential part of our commitment 
to addressing climate-related issues. 
Often referred to as the gold standard of environmental reporting, CDP is a not-for-profit organization 
that runs a global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states and regions to manage their environmental impacts. 
We have been participating in the CDP’s annual climate change questionnaire since 2006 and use it as an 
opportunity to identify emerging environmental risks and opportunities for action to ensure we stay on track. 
In 2020, ST was one of the 277 companies out of more than 5,000 that was included in the CDP A list 
for climate change. This recognizes our commitment and actions to tackle climate change issues. We are leading on corporate environmental ambitions to cut greenhouse gas emissions and to manage climate change within our own operations and our extended supply chain.FOCUS

30
AUGMENTING EVERYBODY’S LIFE30Innovation
Silicon Carbide technology
ST is a technology company driven by innovation. Our technology developments are 
guided by the long-term market trends enabling or enhancing applications for the 
end-user by turning state-of-the-art chip fabrication technologies into cutting-edge 
commercial products. To support innovation, we invested US$1.55 billion in research and 
development (R&D) in 2020, representing 15.2% of our net revenues. 
We create a funnel of innovation that allows us to develop the market-leading products 
and solutions that fuel our future growth. It enables us to continue pushing the 
boundaries of disruption in technologies and applications, in line with our strategic 
objectives. I 103-1 I
 
Our innovation capability has been enhanced by a new ST Innovation Office (see quote) 
tasked with creating more external and internal innovation opportunities and connecting 
emerging market trends with our internal technology expertise. This will enable us to 
identify opportunities, be ahead of the competition and lead in new or existing technology 
domains. I 103-2 IUS$1.55 billion 
invested in R&D  15.4%2020 OUR AMBITION 2025 GOALSustain profitable growth, with 
clear and focused leadership 
objectives in the four end markets 
we address. 
>20%
of revenues generated by  
new product linesInnovation & Profits
Identify
disruptive projects
Early
macro trends
Social trends
Idea sources
Partner program
SupportST
New product
New technologies
New markets
New ST leadersInnovation 
ecosystemInnovation funnel
31
AUGmENtING EVER ybOdy’S LIFE  I  INNOVA tION
Leading-edge technology
ST is currently well positioned in disruptive technologies and applications. We are 
focused on bringing to market disruptions that have been enabled by our past 
investments. We leverage our process technology to create opportunities to penetrate 
new markets, form new partnerships or acquire new competencies. 
Process technology 
Thanks to our wide portfolio of patents and strong pipeline of innovation, today we 
are one of the few semiconductor companies mastering a very broad range of chip 
fabrication technologies. 
Among these technologies, Gallium Nitride (GaN) technology is part of our strategy 
to invest in wide bandgap technologies, complementary to Silicon Carbide for power 
devices. In 2020, we acquired a majority stake in the French GaN innovator, Exagan, 
whose expertise in epitaxy, product development and application know-how will broaden 
and accelerate our power GaN roadmap and strengthen our business for automotive, 
industrial and consumer applications. We also started the epitaxy step of the 200mm 
GaN line in our Tours site (France). 
During the year, a technology  breakthrough, combining embedded phase change 
memory (e-PCM) with the advantages of 28nm FD-SOI technology and advanced 
packaging, enabled us to develop a new automotive microcontroller product line, called 
Stellar, in partnership with our customer, Bosch. It provides advanced connectivity and 
security features to support the transition to service-oriented automotive systems. 
Application technology 
In 2020, to complement and strengthen our STM32 microcontroller offer, we acquired 
companies and assets focused on radio frequency (RF) and wireless connectivity: Riot 
Micro for its expertise in low-power cellular IoT; BeSpoon, which specializes in ultra-
wide-band connectivity; and SOMOS semiconductor, which specializes in silicon-based 
power amplifiers and in RF front-end modules (FEM). Acquiring these companies and 
integrating them into our business will enable ST to provide all IoT connectivity system-
on-chip solutions and accelerate our time to market for our STM32 portfolio (see Focus). 
In the increasingly important field of artificial intelligence, we capitalize on synergies 
between our microcontrollers, sensors, and automotive application groups. Leveraging 
this expertise, in 2020 we demonstrated a prototype IoT sensor that enables new building 
management services and efficiency gains by understanding building occupancy levels 
and usage for our customer, Schneider Electric.
Innovation ecosystem
The innovation process begins with an exploration phase that enlarges our funnel of 
opportunities, combining internal know-how with external sources of innovation and 
partners.  I 102-12 I 
External scouting for technology
Recognizing the importance of partnerships in the innovation process, we build strategic 
alliances, engage in bilateral research cooperation, and participate in standardization 
groups. Overall, we were involved in 143 active R&D partnerships in 2020.
Our ST Partner Program provides our partners with the ecosystem needed to help them 
reduce development effort and accelerate time to market. The program continues to 
grow, reaching 292 members in 2020 (see www.st.com/partner-program ).  I 103-3 I
We are also members of many industry associations. In 2020, we joined Silicon Catalyst, 
an incubator focused on accelerating solutions in silicon, to expand our network of 
contacts investigating innovative IP and to be involved in discussions around industry 
standards. 
We created an Innovation Office in 2020 to sustain, stimulate, facilitate, and coordinate the 
process of continuous innovation within ST, in line with our strategic objectives. 
Innovation is a collaborative task requiring the best of collective intelligence to succeed. To 
enhance our ability to assimilate and generate innovation, we are improving the exploration 
and transformation phase of the innovation process, increasing both internal and external 
scouting and cooperation capabilities.”Alessandro Cremonesi 
Chief Innovation Officer,  Innovation Office
Acquired   
RF and wireless 
connectivity  
companiesAcquired 
majority stake 
in Exagan,  
a French GaN epitaxy 
innovator
143 
active R&D  
partnerships
32
32
AUGmENtING EVER ybOdy’S LIFE  I  INNOVA tIONWe also launched a ‘Lab-in-Fab’ in collaboration with the Institute of Microelectronics 
at Singapore’s Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) and ULVAC, 
a leading Japanese vendor of manufacturing tools. This ‘Lab-in-Fab’ R&D line brings 
together three partners with leading-edge and complementary competencies in piezo 
materials, piezo MEMS technologies, and wafer-fab tools. The objective is to boost 
innovation and accelerate development of new materials, process technologies, and 
ultimately, products. 
Working with startups 
We are involved in a number of initiatives to support electronics-related startups in 
various locations relevant to our business. These initiatives are tailored to address the 
typical challenges faced by startups and to drive mutually beneficial collaboration.
In the early stages, we provide support to external innovation and co-working spaces 
called Proof of Concept (PoC) centers, spread across countries where we operate. The 
aim is to help innovative small businesses and startups speed up their proof-of-concept 
phase. Including the new centers opened in 2020, such as ComoNext in Italy, we now 
support 15 PoC centers.
Later in the startup journey, we provide tailored incubation services, including hosting, 
technical support, and mentoring, through our ‘Innovation Booster’ program. Since its 
inception, the program has incubated more than 30 companies in France and India and 
we are now extending it to other countries.
Furthermore, we have an accelerator program, ST-UP , for technology startups. This is an 
18-month, five-step program to support startups which have cutting-edge technology 
that can complement or augment existing ST solutions. The program was launched in 
Israel in 2018 and is now replicated in other countries, including France and Italy. It has 
so far accelerated more than 10 startups and is currently working with a further three 
(see www.st.com ).  I 103-3 I    
Internal technology expertise
Around 8,100 ST employees work in R&D and product design. This includes nearly 
750 members of our technical staff who are recognized for their advanced expertise. 
Within this community, we have 32 Fellows and nine Company Fellows, with three new 
Company fellowship nominations in 2020.
Our experts are extending their role and exposure by working closely with our Innovation 
Office and Fellows Scientific Committee. This community drives our most advanced 
innovation, enabling us to develop new technologies and helping to foster R&D 
partnerships with prestigious universities and partners worldwide. 
Our sites around the world are also helping to nurture the entrepreneurial spirit of our 
employees through local innovation labs and hubs that help to connect our technical 
experts within the local ecosystem. We now have seven labs, with three new labs opened 
in 2020: the Acelab at our Tunis (Tunisia) site, and two Opus labs in Castelletto (Italy) and 
Catania (Italy).
In 2021, we plan to launch a global internal innovation challenge, open to all employees, 
which will include sustainability topics. 
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals
Our commitments and programs as described above contribute to:
SdG target 9.5 – Enhance scientific research, upgrade the technological capabilities of 
industrial sectors, and increase private research and development spending.Incubated
>30
startups
~750
technical staff,  
including 32 Fellows
Strengthening our RF and wireless connectivity capability 
Today, ST offers reference designs to serve the global embedded connectivity market. To enhance the range 
of connectivity standards we offer, in 2020 we acquired Riot Micro, BeSpoon and SOMOS semiconductor.
Riot Micro designs cellular IoT solutions, applying proven techniques from Bluetooth Low Energy to create 
narrowband IoT solutions optimizing system cost and power. The integration of cellular communication 
capabilities into the STM32 microcontroller portfolio will strengthen our offer for customers developing 
applications such as asset tracking, metering, and fleet management services for the industrial market. 
BeSpoon technology enables secure real-time indoor location with centimeter accuracy even under 
adverse conditions. The integration of this secure positioning technology in the STM32 portfolio will enable 
developers of IoT, automotive and mobile communication applications to provide services such as secure 
access, and precise indoor and outdoor mapping.
With the SOMOS acquisition, we have reinforced our specialist staff, IP and roadmaps of front-end modules 
for the IoT and 5G markets.FOCUS
At ST, we are convinced that technology plays a key role in helping to solve 
environmental and social challenges.  I 103-1 I
Sustainable Technology, our product stewardship program initiated in 2011, is about 
being responsible and managing our impact throughout the product lifecycle, from raw 
material extraction to end of life. It is also about identifying and promoting innovative 
products that provide society with environmental and social benefits. At the end of 2020, 
we released a video to illustrate the program (discover the video on st.com ).  I 103-2 I
More and more responsible products
The Sustainable Technology program enables us to classify our products into four 
categories of ‘responsible products’ that provide environmental and social benefits.
In 2020, 63% of new products were classified as responsible products, a one-point 
increase compared to 2019. 
In line with our 2025 goal, we estimate that the revenues generated from our responsible 
products represented 18.5% of ST’s total revenues in 2020.  I 103-3 I 
AUGMENTING EVERYBODY’S LIFE
33Sustainable  
Technology
Industrial Summit, Shenzhen, China
Design and manufacture  
products that have the greatest 
positive impact on the planet  
and society.
x3 
% revenues generated by 
responsible products*
* vs 2016Sustainable TechnologyOUR AMBITION 2025 GOAL
x1.82020Responsible products
Eco-design products Responsible applications
Low carbon
Reduce 
manufacturing 
footprintPower-efficient
Consume less 
electricityPlanet-friendly
Enable green 
solutionsHuman-welfare
Improve end-user 
quality of life
Environmental benefits Social benefits
Our internal STAR classification system combines responsibility and innovation. It shows 
that ST products are particularly strong in terms of environmental innovation, thanks to the 
very significant gains in the energy performance of our devices in their end application.
Responsible design and manufacturing 
Raw materials
Our responsibility begins with the raw materials we use, which are sourced in line with the 
latest environmental and social guidelines (see Responsible Supply Chain on page 76 ).
Eco-design to reduce environmental footprint
The starting point of our eco-design activity is based on the lifecycle assessment (LCA) 
methodology developed by ST in accordance with ISO standards 14040 and 14044. 
Eco-design assessment takes into consideration the environmental impact of the 
device during its whole lifecycle. A product management system tracks key indicators 
to encourage our product development teams to implement green designs wherever 
possible, thus minimizing the impact of our products on the environment. 
In recent years, we have also invested in new silicon technologies that enable the 
industry to switch to greener manufacturing and greener products without compromising 
innovation (see Focus).
Manufacturing
We are engaged in ensuring our products are manufactured in accordance with 
environmental, social and ethical standards (see Health and Safety on page 41 , Labor 
and Human Rights on page 44 , and Our approach to the environment on page 59 ). 
Complying with legislation and customer requirements on Environment, Health and 
Safety is also fundamental. We are therefore committed to ensuring our products meet 
or exceed applicable environmental requirements such as REACH1, RoHS2 and HSPM3 
(see Chemicals on page 70 ). This also helps us to better monitor substances used in our 
products, which in turn facilitates end of life and recycling when our devices are  
disposed of.
Applications providing a positive contribution 
We classify as responsible any end application that provides society with environmental 
and social benefits. 
Human-welfare applications
The COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the importance of innovation and technology. Our 
broad product portfolio contributes to the fight against the virus by being embedded 
in applications such as mask production, testing solutions, respirators and ventilators, 
access control, social distance tracking, and patient monitoring systems.
We maintain strong relationships with medical companies and participate in advanced 
R&D projects (see quote) to develop innovative healthcare technology.
34ST devices helping in 
the fight against 
COVID-1996%
of our products  
exceed RoHS  
directivesSTAR classification for new products in 2020 (%) | 417-1 |
Social products(1)Environmental products(2)
 Incremental improvement to existing offer 78 48
  Significant improvement to existing offer 16 28
    New or dramatic improvement to existing offer 6 24
(1)  Provides new social solutions that improve end-user quality of life (education, medical, health, safety, security of personal information or social 
solution for developing countries).
(2)  Power-efficient or low-carbon products (resulting from eco-design assessment) or products included in end-user applications that contribute to 
saving energy or resources, environmental preservation (water, chemicals, emissions) or generating renewable energy.ST new products in 2020 | 417-1 |
Other products
37%T123 - ST new products in 2020
 Responsible social
& environmental products
36%Responsible
social products
7%Responsible
environmental products
21%
63%
of new ST products are 
responsible products
Planet-friendly applications
Our semiconductor solutions help our customers deploy smart, environmentally friendly 
applications. Some examples of responsible applications we contribute to are car 
electrification, air pollution control and reduction, energy consumption monitoring, 
improving efficiency of energy intensive equipment, power-efficient solutions for personal 
electronics, and converters for solar panels and wind turbines.
In 2020, we initiated a partnership with Schneider Electric to develop joint products, 
technologies, and solutions to improve energy efficiency and support digital 
transformation in buildings, datacenters, industrial applications, and infrastructure (see 
ST products and solutions on page 8 ).
Sustainable Technology label – a unique offer
Our Sustainable Technology label is used to designate devices that have followed an 
eco-design approach to reduce their ecological footprint, comply with environmental 
and social legislations, and deliver environmental or social benefits. The label is 
applied to the most innovative responsible products. By the end of 2020, more than 
250 of our products carried the Sustainable Technology label (a full list is available on 
www.st.com/responsible-products ).
35
AUGmENtING EVER ybOdy’S LIFE  I  SUSt AINAbLE  tEchNOLOGy
It is essential to provide reliable and secure medical solutions that support hospitals 
by ensuring continuity of care for people at home. Since 2017, I have been leading the 
European SERENE-IoT4 project with the objective of developing high-quality individual 
connected medical devices. ST’s STM32 wireless microcontrollers and STSAFE secure 
solutions are being used in devices that monitor patients remotely. These devices are being 
clinically tested at the Grenoble Alpes Hospitals in France.”Armand Castillejo 
Collaborative R&D Program Manager, MDG Grenoble (France)
Our technologies offer responsible, innovative solutions 
ST is accelerating society’s transition to clean, energy-efficient systems through investments in wide 
bandgap technologies such as Silicon Carbide (SiC) and Gallium Nitride (GaN). SiC and GaN products can 
outperform conventional semiconductor devices in developing new equipment and infrastructure to address 
today’s decarbonization priorities.
The benefits of wide bandgap technologies include:
• improved energy efficiency
• minimum application size and weight
• extended life span 
• reduced cost of ownership
Efficiency and reduced impact are essential to enjoy a more sustainable world while maintaining the quality 
of our daily life. 
SiC products improve performance in high-power applications, such as traction inverters, DC-DC converters, 
motor control for electric vehicles and motor drives, energy conversion and energy storage for industrial 
applications.  
GaN products improve performance in high-frequency applications, such as on-board chargers, LiDAR and 
48V hybrid solutions for electrified vehicles, and power supplies for personal electronics, such as laptops 
and smartphones, as well as industrial devices such as home appliances.(1) REACH: Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals.
(2) RoHS: Restriction of Hazardous Substances.
(3) HSPM: Hazardous Substance Process Management.
(4) SERENE-IoT (Secured & Energy Efficient Healthcare Solutions using IoT technologies) is a project from PENTA, the EUREKA   
 cluster for Application and Technology Research in Europe on Nanoelectronics .
FOCUS
Customers are among our main stakeholders and are an important part of our value 
proposition. It is therefore vital that we build strong and trusting relationships with them, 
take their needs into consideration and serve them effectively, whether in relation to our 
product offering, the quality and reliability of our products and services, or our approach 
to the environment, health and safety, and social responsibility. 
Two key enablers of customer satisfaction are product quality and continuous dialog. 
I 103-1 I
Driving satisfaction through quality
The objective of our three-year quality strategy is to be our customers’ most valued 
and trusted partner through excellent quality, reliability and responsiveness. We aim 
to achieve this through customer focus, results-driven improvement programs and a 
sustainable culture of quality excellence.
Strengthening our quality culture 
Quality is the collective responsibility of all ST employees. To strengthen our quality 
culture, in 2020 we launched our STRIVE for Excellence program, where STRIVE stands 
for our values: Strength, Teamwork, Resilience, Innovation, Value and Expertise. The V 
of STRIVE, Value, means maximizing value for our customers in all our processes across 
the full product lifecycle. We held a Digital Quality Week around STRIVE for Excellence, 
including Company-wide webcasts from senior leaders.
To strengthen our focus on customer satisfaction, we also launched a new recognition 
scheme, with quality awards to recognize successes and significant improvements with 
customers.
Our approach to quality
These initiatives are part of our Company-wide quality program involving all ST 
organizations and encompassing all aspects of quality. The program leverages the quality 
organization and working model set up in 2019, with a cross-organizational Quality 
Steering Committee that drives our quality strategy.
Our quality and reliability focused approach to customers is also enabled by a framework 
that includes regular strategic customer review meetings (internal and external) and 
robust tracking of customer KPIs and scorecards.36
AUGMENTING EVERYBODY’S LIFE36Customer 
Satisfaction
Industrial Summit, Shenzhen, ChinaOUR AMBITION 2025 GOALLead our market in terms of  
product quality, with no severe 
quality incidents, while meeting 
the most stringent customer 
expectations.
-75%
severe quality incidents*
*2016 baselineQuality 2020-89%
STRIVE   
for Excellence  
program
This approach helps us build closer relationships with our customers, creating an 
environment for optimized exchange. As a result, we are better able to understand 
their needs and expectations and, through regular monitoring of performance and 
expectations, adjust and sustain our quality performance.
Management systems 
Our quality approach is based on our Quality Management System (QMS), as 
documented in our Quality Manual. The manual details how we implement the processes 
to guarantee that our products meet or exceed the highest standards and customer 
requirements.  I 103-2 I
ST adheres to internationally recognized quality management standards. We received our 
first Company-wide ISO TS 16949 certification in 2003 and it has been renewed every 
three years. Since 2018, ST has been certified IATF 16949:2016 and ISO 9001:2015, 
demonstrating our robust quality governance, effective QMS and quality compliance 
across the Company.  I 103-3 I 
Quality performance
Our overall quality performance improved significantly again in 2020 with positive results 
on our customer scorecards as well as our quality KPIs, an acknowledgment of our 
efforts and commitment to continuous improvement.
Maintaining a continuous customer dialog
Customer satisfaction is enabled by a continuous, wide-ranging dialog with customers at 
all levels.
Support channels
There are many support channels available to our customers through which they can 
obtain information about our products or find an answer to any questions they may have 
about our business.
• Our website (www.st.com ), which provides a wealth of information and insights into 
ST customer solutions, including product brochures and flyers, product datasheets, 
application solutions, and short videos on key products and how they can help in 
application designs. Customers can even purchase samples and tools via our website. 
• ST online communities, dedicated to product groups or applications, which allow 
people to share knowledge and post questions to other members of the ST 
community. 
• Phone and online support that enables customers to contact us with their requests 
or concerns. More than 80% of our customers are satisfied with our online support 
service.
• In-person and online seminars and training courses on our products, either hosted 
directly by ST or in partnership with third parties.
• Regular newsletters to inform our customers and partners about new products and 
upcoming events, including seminars, conferences, webinars, and online courses. 
• Social media posts, YouTube videos, and blog posts.Quality
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Customer complaints 100 84 79 84 66
Cycle time to process failure analysis 100 97 88 98 102
Customer quality returns 100 40 35 105 45
Baseline 100 in 2016. 
37
AUGmENtING EVER ybOdy’S LIFE  I  cUStOmER SA tISFActION
The COVID-19 crisis came upon us quickly, so we rapidly implemented our Business 
Continuity Plan to support our customers and continue to execute our R&D programs. Our 
customers immediately understood that we were well prepared due to our actions. During 
this period, we managed to keep all our manufacturing sites operational while maintaining the 
most stringent health and safety measures to protect our personnel. I believe our customers 
were very satisfied with our response to the challenges created by the pandemic, further 
strengthening their trust in ST.”Brian Mielewski 
Vice President of Quality, Region Americas
IATF 16949
and ISO 9001  
certified
>80%
of customers satisfied 
with online support 
service
Close relationships at all levels
Dialog with larger customers is managed by dedicated cross-functional teams, 
composed of representatives from Sales, Logistics, Technical Support, and Quality. 
Through daily interaction with their customer, the entire team forms a deep understanding 
of the customer, their internal processes, and preferences. They also form relationships 
with customer personnel that enable a high level of trust and satisfaction. Relationships 
are fostered between ST executives and key customer executives, helping to further 
strengthen trust and satisfaction at the highest levels.
Dialog with smaller customers is managed by the ST Distribution Partner Network. The 
Partner Network is composed of a large group of ST personnel and distribution partners 
covering all the regions of the globe. Network personnel regularly visit customers to 
assess opportunities, present our product portfolio, and assist with design-in activity.
A continuous dialog is maintained to understand, assess, and address customer needs 
and concerns.
Sustainability – a growing expectation
Driven by better awareness and regulatory changes, customers are increasingly 
interested in our sustainable practices in our operations and our supply chain. Over the 
last few years, we have adopted a proactive and transparent approach to satisfying 
customers’ sustainability expectations. As a member of the Responsible Business 
Alliance (RBA), all our manufacturing and major sites undertake an annual self-
assessment questionnaire on labor and human rights, safety, ethics and environmental 
topics. All our manufacturing sites are subject to RBA third-party audits (see Labor and 
Human Rights on page 44 ). We share the results of these questionnaires, audits and 
corrective actions with our customers through the RBA platform or via our online support. 
Transparency and traceability about the positive environmental and social impacts of 
the products they buy is fundamental for our customers. This includes information on 
product compliance, material declaration, working conditions, environmental impact and 
the sourcing of materials. We publish and provide relevant information for customers on 
our website www.st.com  or through online support.
Addressing customers’ concerns about COVID-19 
From the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, it was clear that our customers had wide-ranging concerns 
about the potential impacts. They were apprehensive about the effect the pandemic could have on our 
business continuity. They were worried about possible delays in product deliveries due to supply chain 
issues with raw materials, production at our factories, and the logistics of shipping and delivering our 
products to their facilities. They also voiced concerns about any potential impact on the health and safety 
of our workers. As part of ST’s Business Continuity Plan, we formed a dedicated communications team 
to collate and respond to customer concerns. All enquiries were organized and categorized, enabling our 
communications team to systematically prepare and distribute, in a timely manner, appropriate responses to 
every customer.FOCUS
38Audit results 
shared  
with customers
Business indicators
this section includes indicators and GRI Standard disclosures.
ST key figures | 102-7 | 201-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Net revenues (US$m) 6,973 8,347 9,664 9,556 10,219
Gross profit (US$m) 2,459 3,272 3,861 3,696 3,789
Gross profit as a percentage  
of sales (%)35.3% 39.2% 40.0% 38.7% 37.1%
Net earnings (US$m) 165 802 1,287 1,032 1,106 
Diluted earnings per share (US$) 0.19 0.89 1.41 1.14 1.20
Market share versus TAM (%)  
(Total Available Market)2.06% 2.02% 2.06% 2.32% 2.32%
Operating income and cash flow (US$m)  | 201-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Operating income 227 1,005 1,400 1,203 1,323
Net operating cash flow 316 308 533 497 627
Net revenues by location of order shipment(1) (%) 
| 102-6 | 102-7 | 201-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020(2)
Americas 15 13 13 14 11
Asia Pacific 58 61 61 62 69
EMEA 27 26 26 24 19
(1)  Net revenues by location of order shipment are classified by location of customer invoiced or 
reclassified by shipment destination in line with customer demand. For example, products ordered 
by US-based companies to be invoiced to Asia Pacific affiliates are classified as Asia Pacific 
revenues. Furthermore, the comparison among the different periods may be affected by shifts in 
shipment from one location to another, as requested by our customers.
(2)  The sums may not add up to 100% due to rounding of the figures.
ST sales by market channel(1) (%) | 102-6 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
OEM 67 66 65 70 73
Distribution 33 34 35 30 27
(1)  Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) are the end-customers to which we provide direct 
marketing application engineering support, while Distribution customers refers to the distributors 
and representatives that we engage to sell our products around the world.
Dividends paid (US$m)  | 201-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Dividends 251 214 216 214 168
Taxes (US$m)  | 201-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Tax expense for the year 74 86 95 165 174
ST new patents filed  SDG 9.5
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Patents filed 492 509 549 588 557
Research partnerships  SDG 9.5
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Contracts with higher education 
institutions or research labs228 234 160 138 143On-time delivery
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Delivery date in line  
with customer request 100 85 88 105 79
Delivery date in line  
with ST commitment 100 89 92 103 90
Baseline 100 in 2016.
ST site certifications 
ST is ISO 9001 certified Company-wide
OHSAS 
18001/
ISO45001 
Health & 
SafetyISO 
14001 
EnvironmentEMAS 
Environment 
performance 
disclosureISO 
50001 
EnergyISO 
22301 
Business 
ContinuityIATF 
16949
Main manufacturing sites
Agrate
Ang Mo Kio
Bouskoura
Calamba
Catania
Crolles
Kirkop
Muar
Rousset
Shenzhen
Tours
Other sites 
Castelletto
Geneva
Greater Noida
Grenoble
Le Mans
Loyang
Marcianise
Napoli
Rennes(1)
Toa Payoh
Total 19 17 13 11 18 20
(1) Rennes Space & High-Reliability Products.
ECOPACK® lead-free labelling (%) | 417-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Non ECOPACK® 0.3 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.1
ECOPACK® 1: Compliant 
with the RoHS/ELV 
directives, second level 
interconnect lead-free(1)7.8 6.7 6.8 6.3 4.2
ECOPACK® 2: as 
ECOPACK® 1, plus free of 
brominated, chlorinated 
and antimony oxide flame 
retardants84.0 86.0 85.1 85.2 88.4
ECOPACK® 3: as 
ECOPACK® 2, plus free 
of halogens with no 
RoHS exemptions7.9 7.1 8.0 8.3 7.3
(1)  With adapted reliability for soldering at higher temperature, as some exemptions are necessary 
mainly for the automotive market regarding the RoHS Directive.
39
AUGmENtING EVER ybOdy’S LIFE  I  bUSINESS INdIcA tORS
Putting people first
85% 
of employees 
are proud to 
work for ST0.14 
recordable 
injury 
case rate>3,500  
employees trained 
on diversity and 
inclusion
Calamba team — Winner of the 2020 STAR CEO award
PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST41
Putting people firstHealth 
and Safety
We are committed to protecting the health and safety of employees and subcontractors 
by providing a safe working environment, preventing work injuries and illnesses, and 
providing access to healthcare. We were even more vigilant in 2020. Since the beginning 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, ST has had two priorities: 
• the protection and safety of our employees and our subcontractors by maximizing all 
preventive measures that can be put in place 
• the continuity of our activities to fulfill our commitments 
Despite the challenges we have faced around the world, we have shown great resilience, 
whether to strengthen our culture of health and safety alongside our employees, or 
to promote well-being everywhere and for everyone and ensure the continuity of our 
business and the performance of our Company.  I 103-1 I
Health
COVID-19: proactive health risk management
At the beginning of 2020, before the pandemic was officially declared by the World Health 
Organization, we activated a Corporate Crisis Team (CCT) to implement immediate 
measures to protect our employees, ensure the continuity of our operations, and limit the 
spread of the virus at our sites. As the virus began to spread globally, we set up regional 
and local crisis teams to adapt to local regulations and needs, and rapidly deployed the 
following measures across all our sites: 
• regular and specific communication to all ST employees according to the alert levels of 
each site
• strict control of site entrances with a self-declaration and filtering process 
• distribution of personal protective equipment: masks with clear instructions on how 
and when to wear, temperature checks and hand sanitizer everywhere and for all
• social distancing: protective measures in canteens, flow management in staircases, 
lifts and corridors, strict minimum distance to be respected everywhere and 
restrictions on the use of meeting and training rooms 
• working from home for eligible employees (more than 15,000 employees worldwide) 
with a dedicated home office intranet page and 24/7 psychological support  
(see Focus)
• adapted measures to minimize potential COVID-19 transmission in some areas, such 
as cafeterias or air conditioning systems 
• planning for ‘back to normal’ progressive measures driven by site managers and 
adaptable to the health situation of each country (planning was developed according 
to applicable regulations, including trade union agreements and site hosting capacity)
Our Calamba site (the Philippines) implemented specific measures and amenities: 
protective barriers in the canteen, food sanitary protocols, touchless thermal scanning, 
COVID-19 safety communication to employees’ family members, and a campsite for 
volunteer employees who chose to stay 24/7 on site during the peak of the pandemic, 
when authorities restricted local movement (see quote). Be a safe workplace with zero 
injuries, zero occupational  
diseases and ensure healthy  
lives and well-being for all.
<0.15% 
recordable cases (RC)*  
for employees and contractors
* injuries and illnessesHealth & SafetyOUR AMBITION 2025 GOAL 2020RC for employees 0.15%  
RC for contractors will be available next year.
As one of the campers at ST Calamba (the Philippines), I believe the effort and the generosity 
of the Company was commendable in meeting the needs of volunteers and providing a 
comfortable, safe and convenient workplace during their stay inside the plant. As well as 
implementing stringent measures to protect employees against COVID-19, ST provided 
tents, hygiene kits, mattresses, bed linen, shower rooms, free wi-fi, free meals and a free 
laundry service. In addition, ST provided transportation for the other workers who were still 
able to commute. It was a truly safe and comfortable workplace.”Elvira Oclarino 
Technician Specialist, Assembly Process Control, Calamba (the Philippines)
Proactive  
measures to protect 
our employees
24/7 Psychological support for employees 
Employee well-being is a key focus at ST and promoting high-quality working conditions was even 
more important in 2020. At the onset of the global health crisis, we partnered with Eutelmed to provide 
all employees and their families around the world with 24/7 access to a dedicated, confidential support 
platform, including an online network of over 100 clinical psychologists, to provide psychological support 
and advice in coping with the pandemic. With more than 5,000 connections from ST employees and their 
families in 2020, Eutelmed organized awareness sessions on subjects such as stress, quality of sleep and 
anxiety, as well as online self-assessments to evaluate employees’ feelings and moods. They also provided 
an assistance hotline and dedicated services such as training for managers or coaching to help them 
manage the constraints of working remotely.
Thinking beyond the pandemic, in December 2020 we extended the Eutelmed platform into a full employee 
assistance program named ‘STCare’, giving all our employees permanent access to immediate, anonymous 
and confidential care, 24/7. We believe that supporting our people and their families in any worrying or 
stressful situation is essential. STCare, with the support of Eutelmed, gives all ST employees a helping hand 
whenever they feel that difficulties at work or at home are affecting their well-being.FOCUS
42We also communicated these health and safety practices and risk management 
measures to the European Semiconductor Industry Association (ESIA), to share our 
practices with other members (see Our approach to the environment on page 59 ).  
Thanks to all the measures taken, all ST manufacturing sites were operational in 2020, 
while also ensuring the safety of employees on site.  I 103-2 I
Safety
In 2020, we further improved our recordable case rate (injuries) reaching 0.14 (down 
11% vs 2019) better than our target of 0.16. However, our severity rate increased due to 
several prolongations that accounted for 60% of days lost. 40% of these prolongation 
days concerned falls or slips. 
Recordable cases rate – injuries(1) 
| 403-9 |
Severity rate(1)  Recordable cases rate – injuries  
and illnesses(1) | 403-9 | 403-10 |
0.000.040.080.120.160.20
2020 2019 2018 2017 20160.17 0.17
0.16
0.140.15Target 2020:
0.16
0.000.040.080.120.160.20
2020 2019 20180.19
0.17
0.15
0.00.61.21.82.4
2020 2019 2018 2017 20162.80
2.102.503.10
1.80Target 2020:
2.003.0
(1)  Number of days lost per 100 employees per year as defined 
by OSHA-US regulation.(1)  Per 100 employees per year as defined by OSHA-US regulation.(1)  Per 100 employees per year as defined by OSHA-US regulation. 0.14
recordable injury  
case rate
43
PUttING PEOPLE FIRSt  I  hEAL th ANd SAFEty We continue to align our safety programs with industry risks, with a priority on preventing 
employees’ potential exposure to hazards such as chemicals (see Chemicals on 
page 70 ), fire, radiation and nanomaterials; and mechanical, handling and ergonomic 
risks. 
Due to COVID-19 restrictions, we organized fewer field safety visits by managers 
(28,400 visits vs 31,400 in 2019) but we maintained our focus on safe behaviors and on 
preventing unsafe acts and conditions, in line with SDG target 8.8 on the promotion of a 
safe and secure working environment for employees.
For example, our Ang Mo Kio site (Singapore) published a video showing the right 
behaviors to adopt when moving from one place to another, when and where to use  
(or not) mobile devices, and the correct use of the handrail when using stairs. They also 
communicated about wearing proper footwear to prevent falls or slips and used visual 
aids such as posters to remind people about the golden rules of safety.
At our Crolles site (France), undertaking multiple building and retrofit projects in a short 
timeframe meant safety was vital. To ensure a safe and secure working environment, a 
dedicated working group was established to develop a robust management process. This 
included a safety prevention approach, training support and immediate actions to correct 
possible safety discrepancies.
Our Rousset site (France) created a ‘Safety First’ escape game for new employees, which 
involved finding hazards in an unsafe environment within a limited time.
Subcontractors 
The Lost Workday Case (LWDC) incident rate for subcontractors was on target in 2020, 
reaching 0.24.
In 2021, we will report all recordable injury cases and occupational diseases for our 
on-site subcontractors. We updated our internal reporting tool, ‘Safetrack’, to enable us 
to do this effectively. Thanks to this new functionality, we can better monitor our progress 
towards our 2025 safety target for both employees and subcontractors. I 103-3 I
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals 
Our commitments and programs as described above contribute to:
SdG target 3.8 – Achieve universal health coverage, including access to quality essential 
healthcare services and access to safe, effective, quality, and affordable essential 
medicines and vaccines for all.
SdG target 8.8 – Protect labor rights and promote safe and secure working environments 
for all workers.Lost Workday Case incidence rate (LWDC rate) – subcontractors  | 403-9 |
2016 2017(1)2018 2019 2020
Lost Workday Cases per 100 subcontractor 
employees0.35 0.24 0.29 0.26 0.24
(1)  Up until end 2016, we covered only independent subcontractors working on-site for more than 3 months. From 2017 onwards, we cover all 
independent subcontractors.0.24
subcontractor  
Lost Workday Case 
incidence rate
2020 OBJECTIVES Status Comments
Employee severity rate ≤2.0.3.1
Objective 2021: ≤2.0.
Subcontractors Lost WorkDay Case rate (LWDC) ≤0.24.0.24
Objective 2021: subcontractors recordable 
case rate (injuries) ≤0.24.
Recordable case rate (injuries) for employees ≤0.16.0.14
Objective 2021: ≤0.15.
Worker, ST Shenzhen, China
PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST
44Labor and Human 
Rights
Be recognized as a leader in  
labor and human rights  
and apply a zero tolerance  
approach to forced labor.
100%  
of ST manufacturing sites  
recognized by external  
international bodiesLabor & Human Rights OUR AMBITION 2025 GOAL 202018%
2/11 sites with RBA Platinum recognition.We are convinced that companies play a vital role in implementing and respecting labor 
and human rights. Our programs, therefore, aim to ensure all our employees are treated 
with respect and dignity.  | 103-1 |
The main management systems and programs we use to monitor, control and improve 
labor conditions in our operations are:
• a corporate Labor and Human Rights policy deployed throughout our operations 
(available on www.st.com )
• an internal audit program on labor and human rights, targeting our 11 main 
manufacturing sites
• Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) human rights self-assessments at all major ST 
sites, and third-party RBA audits at all our manufacturing sites
• multiple initiatives to uphold human rights and mitigate risks in regions where we 
operate (see Focus)
Integrating human rights into our business 
As a member of the RBA since 2005, we enforce the most advanced standards and have 
a comprehensive due diligence process that covers nine core principles. 
Fair wages and benefitsFair treatment,  
anti-harassmentNon-discriminationFreely chosen employmentPrevention of underage 
labor and protection  
of young workersFair organization  
of working time
Freedom of associationFair working conditions 
and employee well-beingPrivacy of personal 
informationComprehensive  
due diligence  
process
45
PUttING PEOPLE FIRSt  I  LAbOR ANd hUmAN RIGhtS  
45Our approach
We apply a process based on RBA methodology to continually improve our management 
system.
• We commit to the RBA code of conduct and integrate its principles into our internal 
policies.
• We conduct regular risk assessments. 
 -Our external risk assessment is based on inherent risks of activity and location.
 -The RBA self-assessment questionnaires, which our sites complete each year, cover 
89% of our employees. In 2020, our sites scored from 90 to 96/100, which is better 
than the industry average of 88/100.
• We run audit programs covering our 11 main manufacturing sites  
(81% of our employees).
 -Our internal audits monitor compliance with our Labor and Human Rights policy and 
are followed up with timely and adequate corrective actions.
 -RBA (VAP 6.0) third-party audits are conducted on each manufacturing site every 
two years with appropriate audit follow-up, including corrective action plans and 
closure audits. Our average RBA audit score is above the industry average:  
+44 points in initial audits and +23 points in closure audits.
Our risks and actions
In 2020, the main risks we identified and the preventive and corrective actions we 
implemented are described in the table below.  | 103-2 |
Description Actions implemented
Control and monitoring  
of working hours
(including rest days) during the  
COVID-19 pandemic• Reinforced monitoring of working hours and  
 rest days. Recruitment and training of  
 additional workers.
Supplier responsibility• Reduction and monitoring of working hours  
 for security guards.
• Training suppliers on the RBA code of  
 conduct. (For further explanation,  
 see Responsible Supply Chain on page 76 .)
Management of student 
allowances• Preparation of detailed corporate guidelines  
 for student allowances to be deployed  
 in 2021.
To continue our socially responsible journey, despite the pandemic, we used the opportunity 
of the labor and human rights internal audit program to capitalize on our strengths and 
transparently share our weaknesses in order to improve our performance. The feedback 
and results we received will help us to continue moving forward in line with our new slogan: 
#noinoncifermiamo, or #nothingcanstopus!”Sara Tedeschi
Sustainability Champion, Senior Specialist, ADG Quality and Reliability, Catania (Italy)
81%
of employees covered 
by audits
Labor and human 
rights risk  
identification 
and mitigation
Our main third-party audit results
In 2020, our Agrate (Italy) and Ang Mo Kio (Singapore) sites scored 194/200 and 187/200 
respectively in their initial audits, well above the industry average of 142/200, highlighting 
the low level of risk. In an initial audit at Calamba (the Philippines), no priority or major 
non-conformances were identified, and the audit score was 184/200.
Regarding closure audits, our Tours and Rousset sites (France) were the best performers 
with full compliance, for which they received RBA platinum recognition. Our other sites 
Crolles (France) and Catania (Italy) received RBA silver and gold recognitions respectively, 
and improvement plans have been implemented to reinforce existing social management 
systems.  | 103-3 |  
46
PUttING PEOPLE FIRSt  I   LAbOR ANd hUmAN RIGhtS  Monitoring our performance
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, a significant number of third-party audits were 
postponed to the end of 2020 or beginning of 2021.
However, our internal audit program, related to labor and human rights, has been 
strengthened and standardized to help our sites improve their performance. All major 
sites will be audited at least every two or three years.   
In 2020, we conducted four labor and human rights internal audits, all of them remotely. 
These audits highlighted any gaps at the sites, helped to identify areas that required 
improvement, and strengthened the local social responsibility culture. For 2021, we aim 
to audit all our other manufacturing sites.
In March 2020, we launched STCare (see Health and Safety on page 41 ), a new employee 
assistance program that aims to address psychosocial risks and improve well-being. All 
employees have direct access to the platform and can anonymously use the services 
offered, including a psychological assistance hotline, a self-assessment center, an 
awareness page, and e-consultations. 
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals 
Our commitments and programs as described above contribute to:
SdG target 8.7 – Take immediate and effective measures to eradicate forced labor, end 
modern slavery and human trafficking, and secure the prohibition and elimination of the 
worst forms of child labor.
SdG target 8.8 – Protect labor rights and promote safe and secure working environments 
for all workers, including migrant workers, in particular women migrants, and those in 
precarious employment.
SdG target 17.16 – Enhance the global partnership for sustainable development, 
complemented by multi-stakeholder partnerships that mobilize and share knowledge, 
expertise, technology and financial resources, to support the achievement of the 
sustainable development goals in all countries, in particular developing countries.
Supporting our employees during the pandemic  
In the context of the pandemic, we stepped up our efforts to protect employees whose living conditions may 
have been affected by directives from local authorities. As such, we implemented many initiatives to support 
our most vulnerable employees, and we increased our focus on maintaining salaries, holidays and benefits. 
Some of our sites went further and implemented additional exceptional measures. For example, at our Muar 
site (Malaysia), we granted salary advances to the most economically vulnerable categories of employees, 
in particular migrant workers, to anticipate their basic needs and enable them to better prepare for 
lockdown measures. We also made sure that similar protection measures were put in place by our direct 
suppliers in Malaysia, for whom we introduced a training program to increase awareness of our social 
standards.
Our Ang Mo Kio site (Singapore) supported migrant workers from Malaysia who decided to stay in Singapore 
when the border closed by providing free hotel accommodation, together with a cost of living allowance 
(S$200) to cover the increased cost of living in Singapore. For Malaysian workers who couldn’t cross the 
border to work, the site provided financial assistance of S$350 per month.FOCUSRBA  audit results 
above industry  
averageRBA audit results for ST operations in 2020   SDG 8.7  
Number of audits: 9
Labor, Ethics and Management systems Environment, Health and Safety
Total of major non-conformances Total of major non-conformances
Working hours 3 Emergency preparedness 2
Supplier responsibility 2 Occupational safety 2
Machine safeguarding 1
Food, sanitation and housing 1
2020 OBJECTIVES Status Comments
100% of priority, major and minor non-conformities 
closed during the RBA closure audit.93% of findings closed (26/28).
Objective maintained in 2021.
100% of all manufacturing sites audited every 2 years  
for compliance with the RBA standard.73%. 8/11 manufacturing sites audited.
Objective maintained in 2021.Figures from 2016 onwards can be found in the table on page 56.
Employer branding visual
PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST
47Talent Attraction and 
Engagement
Our aim is to be recognized as a market-leading employer with a dynamic, innovative 
culture built around a strong spirit of enterprise, cooperation, responsibility and 
leadership. Our strategy for attracting, recruiting and retaining talent is a core element of 
our business growth ambitions.  I 103-1 I
Reinforcing our talent pool
The success of our business strategy relies on recruiting and retaining the best talent 
available. 
Creating an engaging candidate experience
In 2020, we launched our dynamic new employer branding and strengthened our 
communication on social media to reinforce attractiveness and visibility as an employer 
of choice, and to promote our employer value proposition (EVP). Our EVP is based on 
four pillars:
• one ST everywhere
• shaping tomorrow’s world
• embracing our values
• growing people
We used digital solutions, such as optimizing the use of job boards and online networks, 
to make our offers visible to the best talent. We built strategic partnerships with 
universities and engineering schools to ensure a regular flow of new candidates, while 
also establishing education pathways to develop future competencies. At the end of 
2020, we had more than 20 strategic partners and over 100 sourcing partners throughout 
the world.
Another priority of our strategy is to create an engaging candidate experience with  
best-in-class practices, based on feedback from candidates.
In 2020, we hired more than 2,100 exempt1 employees, covering replacements and new 
hires, and adapted our practices to a digital format, enabling us to continue to deliver a 
great hiring experience despite the COVID-19 pandemic. One example is the innovative 
digital onboarding at our Greater Noïda site (India) (see Focus). >20
strategic partnerships 
with universities
>2,100
exempts hired2025 GOALOffer the best employee  
experience in all the locations 
where we operate.
Employee engagement rate  
+10 points 
above country normsTalent Attraction & 
EngagementOUR AMBITION 202010/13 countries
China, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, 
Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan and USA.
48Enhancing the employee experience
We aim to deliver the best employee experience. Our ambition is to offer a quality 
working life and employee well-being, including a safe, creative, collaborative, diverse 
and inclusive culture and environment. 
The associated programs and measures we put in place allowed ST to be certified ‘Top 
Employer 2021’ in France, and ST Italy to be among the winners of ‘Top Job – Best 
Employers 2021’ and be ranked as one of the 10 most attractive companies in the 
electronics sector.
In 2020, we enhanced our agile and flexible working arrangements, maintaining full 
employment and working time for all our employees, either on site or at home. We 
communicated frequently with all our employees, and successfully rolled out digital 
business applications and knowledge sharing platforms to more than 15,000 employees 
working remotely. 
Our 2020 employee engagement survey shows a very positive perception of our 
initiatives:
• 81% of employees recommend ST as a great place to work, 4 points up on 2019
• 89% of employees consider they received relevant information about the COVID-19 
situation
• 81% of employees believe they had the required flexibility to do their job
• 82% of employees feel safe in their working environment
Employee survey – engagement rate (%)
2016 2017(1)2018 2019 2020
Overall participation rate 82 NA 87 90 89
Individual engagement index 72 NA 77 79 82
Organizational agility index 63 NA 66 68 73
Goal alignment index 73 NA 77 80 82
(1) No survey conducted in 2017.
Developing and supporting our talent pool 
In our very high-tech and growing business context, strengthening and continuously 
developing all talents is crucial to our sustainable success. 
In 2020, we continued to reinforce a culture of continuous feedback and pursued all our 
programs that support employee career development and help to maintain a high level of 
organizational performance. We particularly focused on a top management talent review 
to ensure proactive and effective succession plans were in place.  I 103-2 I
The provision of learning opportunities was unavoidably reduced. We focused on 
mandatory courses such as health and safety, and courses covering strategic business 
needs and business continuity. Nevertheless, we still managed to deliver an average of 
44 hours of learning per person in 2020, compared to 50 hours in 2019.
In this exceptional year, we made available a set of tailormade initiatives under a new 
program called ‘Practice Remotely Our Unique Determination’, or PROUD.
One of these initiatives was a webinar called ‘Communicative Leaders: framing the 
future’. It provided site directors, managers and executive management the opportunity 
to benefit from coaching on how to communicate a vision for the future using digital 
communication channels. More than 190 leaders participated in the virtual sessions in 
less than six weeks.ST recognized as a  
top employer  
in France and in Italy 
81%
of employees  
recommend ST as a 
great place to work
Average of
44  
hours of training  
per person 
How ST India welcomed new hires during the lockdown 
When India went into lockdown in March 2020, our local talent acquisition teams had to quickly adapt the 
recruitment process to create a 100% digital welcome program. 
We had to find new solutions to provide a great onboarding experience to new hires. The challenge was 
to keep the human touch: the hiring managers shared a virtual coffee break with the newcomers, and we 
provided a welcome kit including digital posters on the Company’s culture, work environment, ethics, and 
values. We also took care to dispatch laptops to them in advance.
“Although our digital process works very well, nothing can replace face-to-face integration. We need human 
contact, exchanges, smiles, moments of life together at ST! Yet, we’ve learned that some onboarding 
practices are more efficient digitally and must start before day one,” says Parminder Singh Walia, head of 
the ST talent acquisition team in India.FOCUS
49
PUttING PEOPLE FIRSt  I  tALENt AttRActION ANd ENGAGEmENt We also set up two daily one-hour coaching ‘coffee breaks’, led by an internal coach, to 
explore issues around managing people remotely, including teamworking, loneliness and 
productivity. By the end of 2020, we had run 272 individual coffee breaks and 32 team 
coffee breaks. We received very positive feedback from people who took part in these 
sessions (see quote).
We also diversified our learning offer with webinars and short e-learning sessions to help 
managers manage their teams remotely. 
We redesigned long-standing classroom training to be delivered live online, including 
four of the six modules of our ‘Leadership Augmented’ program (Leadership in Practice, 
Communicative Leaders, Leading Innovation and Leading Change).
In addition to individual coaching and coffee breaks, the Corporate Coaching 
organization complemented its offer with a new team coaching program called  
‘Team-up’, also available remotely. It aims to release the full potential of individuals to 
energize and strengthen teams and boost empowerment and effectiveness.
Getting the best from all our people
Getting the best from our people is essential to anticipate evolving customer needs,  
meet new market demands and successfully face business challenges. 
Sustaining a high level of engagement
Employee engagement is a critical driver of organizational performance to achieve our 
business objectives.  
The 2020 engagement survey again focused on individual engagement, goal alignment 
and organizational agility, but also included additional questions on how employees 
perceived the way ST has managed the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as open questions 
on overall employee experience. 
The participation rate was 89%, one point below the 2019 survey. 
The overall engagement index stood at 82%, three points higher than 2019 and 12 points 
above the global industry norm2.
85% of employees said that they were proud to work for ST, which is two points above 
2019 and 19 points above the global norm2.  I 103-3 I
Recognition
Our Corporate recognition scheme – the ‘STAR Awards’ – continued as usual, despite 
the pandemic. We successfully organized the corporate ceremony in a digital format, 
allowing us to recognize more than 1,400 employees from 68 sites. After this event, the 
celebrations continued as each ST site found innovative ways to applaud all the winners 
locally. 
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals 
Our commitments and programs as described above contribute to:
SdG target 4.3 – Ensure equal access for all women and men to affordable and quality 
technical, vocational and tertiary education, including university.
At ST Zaventem, a small site of engineers skilled in secure embedded software and 
cryptography, we like to regularly keep in touch with colleagues located at other sites. Even 
during the pandemic, thanks to the collaborative tools that were made available, especially 
the Teams video calls, the ‘coffee break’ sessions and the ‘Framing the future’ training, we 
managed to maintain – and even improve – our engagement and quality contacts with local 
and remote teams.”Yves Moulart
Director, Development & Innovation, SMD Zaventem (Belgium)
>300
online coaching  
coffee breaks
85%
of employees are 
proud to work for ST
(1) Employees who hold positions normally requiring graduate or post-graduate education and who are not eligible for overtime  
 compensation.
(2) Electronics Equipment/Instrument Manufacturing norm.
OUR AMBITION 2025 GOALAchieve full gender equality  
and be a leader in cultural and 
disability inclusion.
>20%
women in all  
management levelsDiversity & Inclusion 2020Experienced 19%
Senior 13%
Executive 10%Unconscious bias workshop, ST Catania, Italy
PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST
50Diversity and 
Inclusion
As a global company present in more than 35 countries, we offer a diverse working 
environment with 46,000 people and more than 100 nationalities working together as  
one team.
We firmly believe the diversity and inclusiveness of our culture enhances our innovation, 
engagement, attractiveness and agility, strengthening our performance and adding value 
to our business.  I 103-1 I
Developing an inclusive culture
Our aim is to overcome stereotypes by continuously reinforcing an inclusive mindset that 
recognizes the value and richness of a diverse workforce. 
To help us achieve this, we provide diversity and inclusion training for ST employees. By 
the end of 2020, more than 3,500 managers and human resources (HR) leaders had taken 
our Diversity and Inclusion awareness e-learning.  I 103-2 I 103-3 I
We also delivered 45 unconscious bias workshops for more than 500 ST employees 
from all regions where we operate. Due to the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
we revised the workshops to be delivered remotely, supported by a team of more than 
40 internal trainers to accelerate deployment. During these workshops, participants 
experience how their own unconscious bias and micro-behaviors can impact other 
people and learn how to be more attentive and mindful when interacting with others.
We often find ourselves multi-tasking or working under time pressures in today’s fast-paced 
environment. This can sometimes activate unconscious attitudes and beliefs that need to be 
overcome as we strive towards respect, engagement, and productivity in the workplace.  
The unconscious bias workshop helps us to refocus on self-awareness, reminding us 
to carefully consider every aspect of our decision-making and, most importantly, our 
interactions with people.”LC Koh
Process Engineering Manager, Ang Mo Kio (Singapore)

51
PUttING PEOPLE FIRSt  I  dIVERSIty ANd INcLUSION  
Striving for a diverse workforce
Our ambition is to recruit and retain a diverse workforce, particularly in terms of gender, 
culture, age and disability. 
Diversity is an important message of our employer value proposition. It is prominent in 
all our employer branding campaigns and is a tracked indicator in all our recruitment 
worldwide.
Increasing the number of women at all management levels
At the end of 2020, women represented 34% of our global workforce, 24% of our 
exempts1 and 18% of our technical jobs.
During the year, 27% of the exempts we hired were women, two percentage points 
above 2019 but below our target of 30%.
To address the shortage of women in technical functions and encourage girls to choose 
technical studies at an early stage of their education, we continued our STEM program 
launched in 2018 (see Community and Education on page 80 ). We also participated in 
dedicated programs for girls, such as ‘Elles Bougent’ in France (see Focus).
Our goal for 2025 is to increase the percentage of women at all management levels to 
20%. As shown by the data in the table below, we are making progress, but we are still 
far from the target for senior and executive management.
Women in management | 405-1 |  SDG 5.5 m
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Women in experienced management(1) (%) 16% 16% 16% 18% 19%
Women in senior management(2) (%) 11% 12% 12% 13% 13%
Women in executive management(3) (%) 9% 9% 9% 9% 10%
Number of women on the Board 3 3 3 4 4
(1) Job grade 15 to 16. (2) Job grade 17 to 18.  (3) Job grade 19 and above.
Going beyond stereotypes to inspire technical careers 
In mid 2020, ST France signed a partnership with ‘Elles Bougent’, a French non-profit organization created 
in 2005 to tackle the lack of girls in science and engineering in higher education. Its goal is to promote 
exciting scientific and technical jobs to girls by sharing the experiences of female engineers working in 
different industries. 
We organized a number of online sessions across all our French sites to introduce the organization and its 
aims. Subsequently, 67 female ST employees volunteered to become ambassadors for the organization. 
When participating in Elles Bougent events, such as job fairs, innovation contests, site visits, rallies, 
conferences, and school visits, the ambassadors’ role is to share their experiences, demonstrate their 
passion for microelectronics, encourage young girls to consider STEM subjects in their studies, and help 
them to learn more about the exciting career opportunities in science and engineering.
Studies show that, generally speaking women are less likely to be promoted than 
men. Therefore, to achieve our 2025 goal and accelerate the progression of women 
in management at ST, we introduced specific objectives for the percentage of women 
nominated for promotion: 30% of women candidates for experienced and senior 
management and 20% for executive management and directors. In 2020, we were very 
close to the target for senior management and directors with 19%, but we missed the 
target for middle management with 24%.  
Although these figures are an improvement, they are not sufficient for us to stay on track 
for our 2025 goal. To accelerate our progress, therefore, we organized a brainstorming 
session at the end of 2020 to collect ideas from over 100 HR leaders. The results will help 
us adapt our strategy and programs to ensure we achieve our long-term goals.
Attracting young talent
Our workforce is highly skilled and experienced, with staff turnover in our engineering 
and management population of just 4%. To continue to build our capacity for long-term 
success, however, we also need to attract young talent. 
Our objective is to recruit more than 60% of new non-manufacturing employees with 
less than five years’ experience. In 2020, we achieved 53%, six percentage points above 
2019, but three below 2018.
In line with this objective, we revised our talent acquisition strategy to reinforce our 
external image and better attract younger candidates (see Talent Attraction and 
Engagement on page 47 ).45
unconscious bias 
workshops
34%
of women in our
workforceFOCUS
52Enhancing hiring and inclusion of disabled people
We increased our employment of disabled people by 11% in 2020, reaching 2% worldwide. 
In France, thanks to longstanding, innovative and dynamic disability inclusion programs, 
such as our ‘Adapted Training for Trades Apprenticeship’ program (FIAM), the percentage of workers with disabilities increased from 1.2% in 2006 to 5.4% in 2020
2. 
In Italy, where the percentage of workers with disabilities we employ is 2.6%, we continued to integrate workers with disabilities through programs such as Isola Formativa
3 and 
partnerships with associations providing cleaning and gardening services, despite the pandemic. These initiatives created opportunities for an additional 13 workers with disabilities to be employed at our Italian sites in 2020.
Supporting women’s career development
Strengthening the role of women in building ST’s future is another of our priorities.
Women in Leadership
Our ‘Women in Leadership’ (WIL) program, targeted at junior and middle management, aims to prepare the next generation of female leaders. Launched in 2015, it has already trained over 300 women. 
Extended in 2019 into a full career path, it also includes coaching, mentoring and  
co-development sessions for women. To support this, we aimed to dedicate 30% of coaching to women. We exceeded this target, achieving 37%. In 2021, we will increase the target to 40%.
In 2020, we went a step further by adding an advanced module for senior managers 
and directors to help them increase their self-confidence and become more visible and recognized within ST. It is a five-step blended learning program, including individual coaching, self-awareness, a two-day workshop and a personal development plan. A pilot session was successfully run in January 2021 and three sessions are planned by the end  of 2021. 
Local initiatives are also in place to reinforce women’s soft skills and support their further 
growth. One example is a seven-module course in Italy called ‘Lavorare al femminile’ (‘Working from a female perspective’), targeting women in managerial roles. In 2020,  92 women registered for this program.
Gender equality
We are committed to providing equal opportunities and equal pay, regardless of gender.
In 2020, ST France scored 88/100 in the Gender Equality Index introduced in 2019 by the 
French government, one point above our 2019 score. 
The index, covering salaries and promotion rates, was extended to other European sites in 
2020. The worldwide roll-out will be completed in 2021 and we will develop an action plan to address any gaps identified. 
At the end of 2020, we launched a worldwide survey of social benefits to get an exhaustive 
view of practices in the different countries where we operate. The aim is to help us define corporate policies that foster a work-life balance and support a diverse workforce.
ST is included in the 2021 Bloomberg Gender Equality Index, which recognizes companies 
committed to gender equality in the workforce and transparency in gender reporting. It rewards our 2020 performance as well as the success of our ongoing programs in this area.
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals 
Our commitments and programs as described above contribute to:
SdG target 5.5
 – Ensure women’s full and effective participation and equal opportunities 
for leadership at all levels of decision-making in political, economic and public life.S
dG target 10.2 –
 By 2030, empower and promote the social, economic and political 
inclusion of all, irrespective of age, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion or economic or 
other status.
(1)Employees who hold positions normally requiring graduate or post-graduate education and who are not eligible for overtime 
c
ompensation.
(2)This figure may be subject to change, as it is based on the DOETH (Mandatory Declaration of Employment of Disabled Workers) 
ca
lculation which is currently under review.
(3)An initiative at our Agrate site (Italy) to employ people with disabilities and train them in professional bicycle maintenance 
te
chniques, equipping them with knowledge and skills to help them enter the world of work.2%
disabled employees 
worldwide
88/100
in French Gender 
Equality Index
2020 OBJECTIVES Status Comments
Recruit at least 30% women in exempt positions.27%
Objective maintained in 2021.

People 
indicators
Headcount evolution by region(1) I 102-8 I
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Americas 741 743 744 761 766
Female 185 190 183 192 188 
Male 556 553 561 569 578
Asia Pacific 17,518 18,820 18,828 18,398 18,276 
Female 7,472 7,947 7,848 7,484 7,432
Male 10,046 10,873 10,980 10,914 10,844 
Europe 20,497 21,266 21,464 21,633 22,594
Female 4,950 5,188 5,296 5,320 5,616
Male 15,547 16,078 16,168 16,313 16,978
Mediterranean 4,724 4,638 4,917 4,762 4,380
Female 2,614 2,491 2,741 2,667 2,396
Male 2,110 2,147 2,176 2,095 1,984 
Total 43,480  45,467  45,953  45,554  46,016  
Female 15,221 15,816 16,068 15,663 15,632 
Male 28,259 29,651 29,885 29,891 30,384 
(1) Includes direct and indirect workers. 
Employees by gender and by category I 405-1 I
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of operators  15,794 15,894
Female (%) 56% 55% 55% 56% 54%
Male (%) 44% 45% 45% 44% 46%
Number of non-exempts 10,024 9,598
Female (%) 23% 23% 22% 22% 22%
Male (%) 77% 77% 78% 78% 78%
Number of exempts 19,736 20,524
Female (%) 22% 22% 23% 23% 24%
Male (%) 78% 78% 77% 77% 76%
External hires in manufacturing (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Jobs filled externally vs 
overall jobs filled97 97 98 96 97Hires by job type I 401-1 I
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Operator 7,904 10,769 11,379 6,687 6,345
Female 3,463 3,984 3,938 2,114 1,870
Male 4,441 6,785 7,441 4,573 4,475 
Non-exempt 2,192 2,503 2,760 3,033 2,473 
Female 437 515 557 635 523
Male 1,755 1,988 2,203 2,398 1,950
Exempt 1,328 1,797 2,385 2,603 2,121 
Female 388 445 733 713 573 
Male 940 1,352 1,652 1,890 1,548
Total 11,424 15,069 16,524 12,323 10,939
Female 4,288 4,944 5,228 3,462 2,966
Male 7,136 10,125 11,296 8,861 7,973 
Newcomers induction program (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Newcomers who 
participated in a formal 
induction session  
(e.g. newcomers 
seminar) during their 
first year of employment85 78 72 71 72
Workforce by employment type (% of workers)  I 102-8 I
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Full-time contract 97 97 97 97 97
Female 94 94 94 94 94
Male 99 99 99 99 99
Part-time contract 3 3 3 3 3
Female 6 6 6 6 6
Male 1 1 1 1 1
Workforce by employment contract (% of workers) I 102-8 I
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Permanent contract 96 95 95 97 97
Female 95 94 94 96 96
Male 97 96 96 98 97
Temporary contract(1)4 5 5 3 3
Female 5 6 6 4 4
Male 3 4 4 2 3
(1) Includes direct and indirect workers. 
Workforce by employment contract by region (% of workers) 
I 102-8 I
2017 2018 2019 2020
Permanent contract
Americas 99.2 99.6 99.3 99.7
Asia Pacific 99.6 98.8 99.4 98.8
Europe 93.8 94.7 97.1 95.8
Mediterranean 84.7 82.2 89.2 92.6
Temporary contract(1)
Americas 0.8 0.4 0.7 0.3
Asia Pacific 0.4 1.2 0.6 1.2
Europe 6.2 5.3 2.9 4.2
Mediterranean 15.3 17.8 10.8 7.4
(1) Includes direct and indirect workers.
Workforce by employment relation (% of workers) I 102-8 I 
2017 2018 2019 2020
Direct relation(1)98 97 99 98
Indirect relation(2)2 3 1 2
(1) Workers employed directly by ST.  
(2) Workers employed by a third-party, such as interim agencies.LEGEND
- Data not available or not required.
NA Not applicable.
Operator  Employees working in production operations.
Non-exempt   Employees who hold positions normally 
requiring higher education and who are  
eligible for overtime compensation.
Exempt   Employees who hold positions normally 
requiring graduate or post-graduate  
education and who are not eligible for  
overtime compensation.this section includes indicators and GRI 
Standard disclosures.
53
PUttING PEOPLE FIRSt  I  PEOPLE INdIcA tORS  
53
Remuneration (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Employees below the ST 
minimum salary scale in 
their job grade (exempt)17 14 14 13 13
Employees with 
individual salary 
increase75 86 84 83 30
Benefits, bonus & Unvested Stock Awards | 201-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Eligible (exempt >JG 11) 
employees receiving 
unvested stock  
awards (%)27% 29% 29% 30% 27% 
Number of employees 
rewarded4,750 5,050 5,140 5,590 5,070 
Number of nationalities in the headcount by region(1) | 405-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Americas 21 20 21 21 21
Asia Pacific 35 34 35 34 35
Europe 80 83 87 87 87
Mediterranean 32 40 47 50 46
Total - 97 105 105 103
(1) Expatriates and assignees are counted in host country.
Number of nationalities in corporate staff  | 405-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Different nationalities 
represented in  
the corporate staff6 6 6 6 6
Employees by gender and by region (%) | 405-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
AmericasMale 75 74 75 75 75
Female 25 26 25 25 25
Asia PacificMale 57 58 58 59 59
Female 43 42 42 41 41
EuropeMale 76 76 75 75 75
Female 24 24 25 25 25
MediterraneanMale 45 46 44 44 45
Female 55 54 56 56 55
Average(1) overall turnover rate(2) by age group (%) | 401-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Under 30 years old 62 60 56 49 40
30–50 years old 7 8 9 9 8
Over 50 years old 6 9 6 6 7
(1) Turnover rate calculated on average headcount in activity throughout the year.
(2) Resignations, retirements and dismissals.
Average(1) turnover rate (%) | 401-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Average voluntary 
turnover rate(2) 16.8 18.5 18.3 16.1 12.6
Average overall  
turnover rate(3) 19.2 20.5 20.1 17.7 14.0
(1) Turnover rate calculated on average headcount in activity throughout the year.
(2) Resignations.
(3) Resignations, retirements and dismissals.Average(1) overall turnover rate(2) by gender, by category  
and by region in 2020 (%)  | 401-1 |
Operator Non-exempt Exempt
Female Male Female Male Female Male
Americas(3)NA NA 42.1 146.0(4)9.9 7.3
Asia Pacific 16.4 95.2 14.6 32.8 6.8 6.2
Europe 4.1 2.1 3.0 2.7 2.4 3.2
Mediterranean 11.2 18.5 9.1 6.3 7.3 7.4
(1) Turnover rate calculated on average headcount in activity throughout the year.
(2) Resignations, retirements and dismissals.
(3) The Company has no manufacturing sites in these regions.
(4) Needs to be considered in a context of extremely low headcount.
Average employee age by category
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Operator 34 34 34 35 36
Non-exempt 38 38 39 39 40
Exempt 43 44 44 44 44
Average employee age 
(years)39 39 39 40 40
Employees by category and by age group in 2020(1) (%) | 405-1 |
Under  
30 years old30–50 
years oldOver 50 
years old
Operator 37 52 10 
Non-exempt 23 61 16 
Exempt 10 61 29 
(1) The sums may not add up to 100% due to rounding of the figures.
Promotion ratio female/male by category and by region  
in 2020 (%) | 405-1 |  SDG 5.5
Operator Non-exempt Exempt
Female Male Female Male Female Male
Americas(1)NA NA 0 0 7 6
Asia Pacific 4 5 6 8 11 12 
Europe 5 4 7 6 12 11 
Mediterranean 0 1 2 1 17 10 
(1) The Company has no manufacturing sites in these regions.
Disabled employees (%) | 405-1 |  SDG 10.2 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Disabled people employed 
as % of total workforce1.5 1.5 1.6 1.8 2.0
Career development (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Employees with  
a promotion in the year8 9 11 10 8 
Employees with a job 
function change in the year4 3 2 2 2 
Employee yearly Individual Performance Management (%)  
| 404-3 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Operator 77 75 81 84 70
Female 73 70 72 77 54
Male 82 82 92 94 90
Non-exempt 84 81 91 90 92
Female 81 80 89 87 89
Male 85 82 92 92 93
Exempt 94 93 97 95 97
Female 92 91 96 95 96
Male 94 94 97 96 97
Total 86 90 89 90 85
Female 79 88 80 82 70
Male 89 91 95 95 97 54
Employees with a formal individual development plan(1) (%)  
| 404-3 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Non-exempt 38 31 39 47 50
Female 40 35 44 51 55
Male 37 29 36 45 48
Exempt 53 50 57 64 66
Female 55 52 60 66 68
Male 52 49 56 63 66
(1) Operators are managed through a different process.
ST population recognized through the technical ladder(1) (%) 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Asia Pacific 3.0 3.3 3.7 3.5 3.5
Europe & Mediterranean 6.4 6.8 6.7 6.7 6.9
Worldwide 5.2 5.8 5.8 5.7 5.8
(1) The specified path starts from job grade 14.
Internal mobility for exempt positions (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Jobs filled internally 33 33 25 20 27
Average number of training hours per year(1) | 404-1 |  SDG 4.3
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Operator 66 66 60 65 64
Female 60 56 56 62 55
Male 73 75 64 68 72
Non-exempt 34 38 40 46 35
Female 30 29 30 40 27
Male 36 40 42 47 37
Exempt 27 28 30 33 29
Female 29 31 32 37 31
Male 26 27 29 32 28
Total 46 48 47 50 44
Female 50 48 48 53 44
Male 44 48 46 47 44
Total number of employees trained 42,989(2)
(1)  Based on the total headcount including turnover. Includes training on equipment and outside 
training.
(2) Based on the total headcount on December 31, 2020, excluding turnover.
Employees enrolled in ST supported external education 
programs (%)  
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Operator 1.1 0.8 0.6 1.1 1.0
Non-exempt 1.2 2.2 1.9 2.1 2.0
Exempt 1.6 1.8 1.9 3.6 2.2
Formal recognition and suggestion scheme
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of people 
recognized(1) 17,952 17,110 18,879 20,837 23,892
Accepted suggestions 
which were 
implemented (%)58% 54% 52% 30% 40%
(1) Can include more than one recognition per employee over the year.Unplanned absenteeism (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Unplanned absenteeism 3.14 2.59 2.92 2.77 3.32
% by region
Americas 0.11 0.17 0.24 0.03 0.01
Asia Pacific 3.04 1.99 2.82 2.83 2.62
Europe 3.16 2.90 2.84 2.89 3.68
Mediterranean 3.91 3.91 3.99 2.45 5.03
% by gender
Female 2.75 3.40 3.54 3.19 3.87
Male 3.87 2.14 2.57 2.54 3.02
Collective bargaining | 102-41 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of collective 
agreements signed  
in the year52 49 55 30 62
People covered by 
collective bargaining 
agreements (%)75% 74% 74% 78% 78%
People covered by 
representatives (%)71% 71% 71% 71% 71%
Fair wages (%)  SDG 10.2
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Employees paid above 
105% of the legal  
or conventional 
minimum wage90.8 89.2 90.8 93.2 90.1
Working time and overtime hours 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Employees with regular 
worktime less than  
48 hours per week (%)86% 84% 85% 85% 85%
Average weekly 
overtime (hours  
per employee)3.7 5.0 5.2 4.3 5.4
Average weekly working time, including overtime, in selected 
countries(1) (hours)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
ChinaST standard working time 40 40 40 40 40
Overtime 6.3 8.2 9.0 8.9 10.2
FranceST standard working time(2)38.5 38.5 38.5 38.5 38.5
Overtime 0.1 0.1 0.2 0.1 0.1
ItalyST standard working time 40 40 40 40 40
Overtime 0.3 0.4 0.4 0.3 0.2
MalaysiaST standard working time 48 48 48 48 48
Overtime 11.4 12.0 12.2 12.2 11.7
MaltaST standard working time 40 40 40 40 40
Overtime 6.5 8.2 8.1 6.9 7.3
MoroccoST standard working time 44 44 44 44 44
Overtime 0.2 0.4 0.6 1.7 0.4
SingaporeST standard working time 44 44 44 44 44
Overtime 1.9 7.2 8.3 4.7 6.9
The  
PhilippinesST standard working time 48 48 48 48 48
Overtime 5.1 7.9 7.0 0.9 11.5
(1) For non-exempts and operators.
(2) French standard legal working time is 35 hours, but ST has a collective agreement for 38.5 hours.
55
PUttING PEOPLE FIRSt  I  PEOPLE INdIcA tORS  
ST sites subject to regular human rights SAQ & audits (RBA)  
| 412-1 |   SDG 8.8
Country Major site (1) % 
WorkforceSelf- 
assessmentAudit
High Risk
China Shenzhen 9.6%
Malaysia Muar 8.8%
Singapore Ang Mo Kio 9.5%
The Philippines Calamba 6.6% 
Medium Risk
Malta Kirkop 3.6%
Morocco Bouskoura 5.5%
Low Risk
FranceCrolles 9.1%
Grenoble(2)4.1%
Rousset 5.7%
Tours 2.7%
India Greater Noida(2)1.8%
ItalyAgrate 10.0%
Castelletto(2)2.3%
Catania 9.7%
Marcianise 0.5%
Percentage coverage  
of total workforce 89% 89% 81%
Number of sites subject to regular human rights 
SAQ and audits 15 11
(1)  Sites with >700 employees and all manufacturing sites.
(2) Design centers. Other sites are manufacturing.  
RBA audit results for ST operations  SDG 8.7  
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of audits 4 4 7 8 9
Labor, 
Ethics and 
Management 
SystemsPriority non-conformances
Child labor avoidance  
(young workers)1(1)0 0 0 0
Major non-conformances
Working hours 2 1 4 1 3
Wages and benefits 1 2 1 0 0
Freely chosen employment 0 1 1 2 0
Non-discrimination 0 0 0 1 0
Supplier responsibility 1 0 1 1 2
Training 0 0 1 0 0
Audits and assessments 0 0 1 1 0
Total of major/priority 
non-conformances5 4 9 6 5
Average major/priority 
NC/audit1.3 1.0 1.3 0.8 0.6
Environment, 
Health  
and SafetyMajor non-conformances
Hazardous substances 0 2 2 0 0
Industrial hygiene 0 0 0 1 0
Occupational injury  
and illness0 0 3 1 0
Emergency preparedness 0 1 3 2 2
Storm water management 1 1 0 0 0
Occupational safety 0 0 3 1 2
Energy consumption  
and GHG emissions 0 0 1 1 0
Machine safeguarding 0 0 0 0 1
Food, sanitation  
and housing0 0 0 0 1
Total of major  
non-conformances1 4 12 6 6
Average major  
NC/audit0.3 1.0 1.7 0.8 0.7
(1) 17-year-old workers working overtime in Shenzhen site (China).Employees with healthcare coverage provided by ST(1) (%) 
 SDG 3.8
2018 2019 2020
Work-related health issues 78 79 88
Personal health issues 89 89 98
Direct family members health issues 72 68 83
(1) In addition to national healthcare schemes.
Recordable case rate benchmarks(1) | 403-2 |
(1) Including injuries only. 2020 benchmark data not available at time of publishing.
(2) Bureau of Labor Statistics (United States Department of Labor).
Recordable case rate(1) by gender and by region  
| 403-9 |  SDG 8.8
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Gender
Female 0.23 0.23 0.18 0.21 0.15
Male 0.14 0.10 0.16 0.13 0.13
Region
Americas 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Asia Pacific 0.14 0.16 0.11 0.11 0.12
Europe & Mediterranean 0.18 0.14 0.23 0.21 0.16
(1) Work-related injuries per 100 employees per year as defined by OSHA-US regulation.
Recordable case rate(1) – on-site industrial/domestic(2)  
| 403-9 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Recordable case 
industrial rate0.11 0.07 0.13 0.09 0.07
Recordable case 
domestic rate0.06 0.08 0.04 0.07 0.07
(1) Work-related injuries per 100 employees per year as defined by OSHA-US regulation.
(2)  Industrial recordable cases are directly linked with industrial activity. Domestic recordable cases 
are on-site cases such as fall or slip on stairs or struck by or against door/chair/building  
and structures etc.
Recordable cases by type of event, accident or exposure (%)  
| 403-9 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Fall or slip 37 48 30 45 47
Struck by or against 38 27 35 32 24
Overexertion 4 4 3 1 3
Caught in,  
under or between5 8 10 7 8
Contact with chemicals 8 2 4 1 8
Bodily reaction  
from slip or motion4 2 9 6 6
Others 4 9 9 8 40.000.751.402.102.803.50US Manufacturing (Source BLS(2))
All US Semiconductor (Source BLS(2)) 
ST
0.14
20200.16
20190.603.00
0.170.703.10
20183.20
0.70
0.15
20173.30
1.00
0.17
2016
56
Severity rate(1) by gender and by region
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Gender
Female 4.2 2.4 2.1 3.3 2.8
Male 2.1 1.9 1.6 2.0 3.2
Region
Americas 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
Asia Pacific 0.9 0.9 0.4 0.7 1.3
Europe & Mediterranean 4.1 3.1 3.1 4.1 4.7
(1) Number of days lost per 100 employees per year as defined by OSHA-US regulation.
Occupational diseases rate(1) by gender and by region | 403-10 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Occupational  
diseases rate0.05 0.01 0.02 0.01 0.01
Gender
Female 0.10 0.03 0.06 0.03 0.07
Male 0.02 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.07
Region
Americas 0.12 0.13 0.00 0.00 0.00
Asia Pacific 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Europe & Mediterranean 0.09 0.03 0.04 0.02 0.01
(1) Work-related illnesses per 100 employees per year as defined by OSHA-US regulation.
Occupational diseases severity rate(1) by gender and by region 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Occupational diseases 
severity rate2.94 1.05 1.92 0.93 0.72
Gender
Female 4.42 2.70 5.50 2.70 0.13
Male 2.13 0.00 0.00 0.00 1.00
Region
Americas 0.84 0.65 0.00 0.00 0.00
Asia Pacific 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Europe & Mediterranean 5.70 2.00 3.70 1.78 1.35
(1) Number of days lost per 100 employees per year as defined by OSHA-US regulation.
Lost Workday incidence rate – subcontractors  | 403-9 |
2016 2017(1)2018 2019 2020
Lost workdays per 100 
subcontractor employees6.6 5.1 5.2 4.1 5.3
(1)  Up until end 2016, we covered only independent subcontractors working on-site for more  
than 3 months. From 2017 onwards, we cover all independent subcontractors.
Lost Workday incidence rate(1) – subcontractors  
by region | 403-9 |
2016 2017(2)2018 2019 2020
Americas 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Asia Pacific 0.90 5.98 1.62 0.00 1.06
Europe & Mediterranean 9.60 4.50 7.55 6.85 8.17
(1) Number of days lost per 100 employees per year as defined by OSHA-US regulation.
(2)  Up until end 2016, we covered only independent subcontractors working on-site for more  
than 3 months. From 2017 onwards, we cover all independent subcontractors.
Lost Workday – subcontractors by gender (%) | 403-9 |
2016 2017(1)2018 2019 2020
Female 29 13 26 26 18
Male 71 87 74 74 82
(1)  Up until end 2016, we covered only independent subcontractors working on-site for more  
than 3 months. From 2017 onwards, we cover all independent subcontractors.Lost Workday Case(1) incidence rate – subcontractors  
by region | 403-9 |  
2016 2017(2)2018 2019 2020
Americas 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Asia Pacific 0.26 0.17 0.14 0.00 0.04
Europe & Mediterranean 0.40 0.30 0.40 0.44 0.39
(1) Number of cases with days lost per 100 employees per year as defined by OSHA-US regulation.
(2)  Up until end 2016, we covered only independent subcontractors working on-site for more  
than 3 months. From 2017 onwards, we cover all independent subcontractors.
Lost Workday Cases – subcontractors by gender (%) | 403-9 |
2016 2017(1)2018 2019 2020
Female 25 24 14 30 18
Male 75 76 86 70 82
(1)  Up until end 2016, we covered only independent subcontractors working on-site for more  
than 3 months. From 2017 onwards, we cover all independent subcontractors.
Injuries costs and savings (US$m)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Injuries costs 1.9 1.4 1.4 1.9 2.4
Results without action 8.4 8.9 9.8 10.1 10.5
Savings(1)6.5 7.4 8.4 8.2 8.1
(1) Around US$108m savings in 18 years.
Fines and total number of non-monetary sanctions in 2020 
Marcianise (Italy) fined 1,965€ (~US$2,400) following an inspection from 
the Italian safety competent body (ASL) related to an injury that occurred in 
September 2020.
Loyang (Singapore) fined SGD$1,000 (~US$760) for missing COVID-19 social 
distance demarcation in cloakrooms.
Number of fatalities | 403-9  | 403-10 | 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Employees 0 1(1)0 0 0
Subcontractors 0 1(2)0 0 0
Total 0 2 0 0 0
(1)  One ST employee died from medical complications after coming into contact with a chemical 
(tetramethylammonium hydroxide) in Ang Mo Kio site (Singapore). In 2018, the Singapore Ministry 
of Manpower Investigation concluded that the accident was work-related.
(2)  One subcontractor victim of a fatal accident in an electrical area at our Bouskoura site (Morocco).
57
PUttING PEOPLE FIRSt  I  PEOPLE INdIcA tORS  
Protecting the 
environment
40% 
renewable  
energy88%  
of waste reused, 
recovered or sent 
for recycling-19%  
GHG emissions  
vs 2019 
(absolute value)
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT59
Our approach to the  
environment
Accelerating sustainability, together
Over the last 25 years, ST has achieved positive results in managing the environmental 
impact of its activities. Since 1994, we have reduced our energy consumption by 50% 
per unit of production, reduced our overall water footprint by 72% per unit of production 
and improved our waste reused and recycled from 22% to 88%.
In 2020, ST decided to go beyond what we have already achieved by accelerating our 
sustainability initiatives and announcing our commitment to become carbon neutral by 
2027 (see Energy and Climate Change on page 60 ). 
Convinced that achievements will be greater if they are collective, we aim to increase 
our cooperation with strategic partners, customers, suppliers, employees and leading 
organizations, to advance our progress towards sustainability.
A robust management system
Our environmental policy (available on www.st.com ), in place since 1993, will be 
supported by our new Sustainability Charter in 2021. The Charter outlines our 
commitments for the next seven years and replaces our 2014-2020 Decalogue 
(see Decalogue results on page 85 ). Dedicated corporate and site teams define and 
implement environmental programs and procedures, carry out projects, share knowledge 
and monitor performance. Our environmental management is aligned with international 
standards such as ISO 14001, ISO 50001, ISO 14064 and EMAS. Our performance and 
management systems are regularly evaluated and certified through internal and third-
party audits.  I 103-2 I 103-3 I
Environmental risks are reviewed annually through our enterprise risk management 
and business continuity processes (see Risk Management on page 19 ). To prevent any 
potential negative impact on the environment, we take a precautionary approach when 
assessing new processes, chemicals and products, as set out in Principle 15 of the 
Rio Declaration.  I 102-11 I
Moreover, to limit any risks related to our license to operate, we have a three-year 
program to conduct third-party environment, health and safety (EHS) legal compliance 
audits. This program covers all our manufacturing sites, all our warehouses and all our 
sites with more than 150 employees. In 2020, 13 EHS legal compliance audits  
were performed. 
Working together
Participating in industry and trade associations
In 2020, we continued our collaboration with the European Semiconductor Industry 
Association (ESIA), the European arm of the World Semiconductor Council, which takes 
a leading and proactive approach to EHS responsibilities. Our experts participated 
in working groups on resource conservation, air emissions, and chemicals. They 
also shared the health and safety practices and risk management measures we have 
implemented to protect people during the pandemic (see Health and Safety on page 41 ). 
We are members of numerous trade associations, working alongside other 
semiconductor companies to define the future, and consider the environmental impact 
of the electronics industry. These include ACSIEL Alliance Electronique, which in 2020 
nominated Adeline Oliva, ST’s Corporate Environment Program Manager, as president 
of the environmental committee; Fédération des Industries Electriques, Electroniques 
et de Communication in France; Federazione Nazionale Imprese Elettrotecniche ed 
Elettroniche in Italy; and SEMI Europe.  I 102-12 I
Engaging employees in environmental initiatives
Our employees play a leading role in helping to make the change to a greener world. 
All our sites undertake initiatives to encourage people to respect the environment in 
everything we do. Some of the many awareness and communication campaigns and 
initiatives implemented by ST sites in 2020 included student visits to our facilities in 
Kirkop (Malta), beach cleaning near Catania (Italy), elimination of plastic cups and a zero 
food waste project in Ang Mo Kio (Singapore), biodiversity projects with an insect hotel in 
Tours (France) and installation of beehives in Rennes and Crolles (France).by 2027
13
EHS legal compliance 
audits
President  
of ACSIEL  
environmental  
committee
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT60Energy and Climate 
Change 
Continuously reduce our  
carbon footprint and our impact 
on climate change by decreasing 
our GHG emissions and  
improving energy efficiency.
-20%
energy consumption and GHG 
emissions*
* Normalized values vs 2016Energy & Climate Change 2020GHG emissions –30%OUR AMBITION 2025 GOALFive years after the COP21 Paris Agreement, climate change remains one of the biggest 
threats facing society. At ST, we recognize the urgency of this global issue and, as a 
multinational company, we take action to mitigate the impact of our activities and engage 
all our stakeholders. In 2020, we committed to go beyond what we’ve already achieved, 
by amplifying the positive impact of our technology and accelerating our sustainability 
initiatives.  I 103-1 I
Becoming carbon neutral by 2027
Having in 2019 achieved our 2025 goal regarding greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (a 
reduction of 20% per production unit vs 2016), we stepped up our ambition in 2020 and 
committed to become carbon neutral by 2027. (Discover our video on our commitment 
on st.com .) 
Our roadmap to carbon neutrality includes two additional targets: 
• compliance with the Paris Agreement’s 1.5°C scenario by 2025, implying a 50% 
reduction in direct and indirect GHG emissions vs 2018
• sourcing 100% renewable energy by 2027
We are already on our way to achieving these targets. In 2020, we decreased our 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 19% in absolute terms compared to 2019.
-19% 
GHG emissions  
vs 2019Summary of net CO2 equivalent emissions  | 305-1 | 305-2 | 305-3 |
Scopes 1, 2, 3 according to Greenhouse Gas (GHG) protocol.Scope 3
Other indirect emissions
7%Scope 1
Direct emissions
43%
Scope 2
Indirect emissions
50%Energy consumption -1.5%
61
PROtEctING thE ENVIRONmENt  I  ENERGy ANd cLImA tE chANGE  
11
sites certified 
ISO 50001A comprehensive roadmap
Reducing our direct emissions
The use of perfluorinated compounds (PFCs) in the manufacture of semiconductors 
accounts for a significant share of our direct air emissions, as defined by scope 1 of the 
GHG protocol. It is therefore a central part of our environmental strategy to reduce their 
use and ensure they are treated appropriately before being released into the atmosphere.
Our manufacturing sites are equipped with PFC abatement systems to reduce air 
emissions, and we systematically integrate them into all new equipment. Our Rousset 
facility (France), which integrated the abatement systems when it was built in 2000, 
treats 100% of its PFC emissions. In 2020, we pursued our efforts by installing new 
systems and implementing changes in the manufacturing processes that delivered a 
13% reduction in absolute air emissions. The most significant decreases were achieved 
at our Ang Mo Kio site (Singapore), thanks to investments in abatement systems, and 
our Catania site (Italy), where a new chiller was installed that operates with a fourth-
generation refrigerant gas, which has a global warming potential close to zero.
Baseline 100 in 2010.020406080100
2020 2019 2018 2017 201671
6492
83
78PFC emissions | 305-4 |
Per unit of production – normalized values
Baseline 100 in 2010.020406080100
2020 2019 2018 2017 201691
81
75101
95CO2 emissions equivalent | 305-4 |  SDG 13.1
Per unit of production – normalized values
Saving energy
We increased our energy consumption by 6% in 2020 vs 2019 (in absolute terms), mainly 
due to the integration of one new manufacturing facility and an extension in another. 
Although the impact was largely offset by a significant increase in our use of renewable 
energy (see below), we continue to focus on our energy saving programs. 
All our manufacturing sites develop initiatives to better manage and reduce their energy 
consumption. During 2020, EHS teams at all our sites worked on 48 improvement 
projects, saving 14.2GWh of energy. Examples include: 
• replacing LED lighting in Bouskoura (Morocco) for an annual saving of 2.5GWh
• free cooling of all electrical rooms and heat recovery in Crolles (France)
• improving water flows and reducing the use of pumps at our Rennes site (France), 
reducing overall electricity consumption by 20% compared to 2019 
ISO 50001 certification helps us to improve energy efficiency and so reduce GHG 
emissions and energy costs. In 2020, our Calamba site (the Philippines) joined the  
10 ST sites already certified (see ST certifications on page 39 ). 
In 2021, in the framework of our carbon neutrality program, we will conduct external 
audits of all our manufacturing sites to identify actions to improve our energy efficiency.
We believe that sustainability is not only important for the world, but that it also provides a 
strong competitive advantage. Our commitment to be carbon neutral by 2027 is supported 
by ST management at all levels. We have a robust roadmap sustained by financial 
investments and important partnerships. On top of that, we can count on our dedicated and 
engaged teams of experts to find innovative solutions to the technical challenges. Until now, 
very few semiconductor companies have made such a commitment. We hope it will pave the 
way for accelerating sustainability together.”Orio Bellezza
President, Technology, Manufacturing and Quality 

62Increasing our use of renewable energy
40% of the total energy we purchased in 2020 came from renewable sources. This 
represents an increase of 50% compared to 2019, helping to reduce our absolute indirect 
emissions (scope 2 of GHG) by 20%.
Renewable electricity makes up 70% of the electricity used by our sites in France and 
Italy. Green sourcing helped us reduce our emissions by the equivalent of 222,563 tons of 
CO2, enough for 222,563 individual return flights from Paris to New York. 
In 2020, as part of our move towards more renewable energy sourcing, our sites at 
Ang Mo Kio (Singapore), Calamba (the Philippines), Kirkop (Malta), Muar (Malaysia) and 
Shenzhen (China) purchased green certificates for a total of 95.5GWh.
In 2020, the 1GWh of green electricity produced by the photovoltaic carport at our 
Bouskoura site (Morocco), among the biggest private installation in the country, partially. 
powered the clean room. Similarly, the solar power installations at our sites in Catania 
(Italy) and Grenoble (France) produced 2.1GWh of green electricity.
In 2019, we joined the Apple clean energy initiative, reaffirming our low carbon 
commitment. As part of this program, we agreed to supply products to Apple that are 
manufactured with 100% renewable energy. By the end of 2020, we were on track to 
achieve this target. 
In 2021, we will continue our efforts to reach our goal of using 100% renewable energy 
by 2027. This includes renewable energy power purchase agreements (PPAs), on-site 
solar electricity generation, and purchasing green electricity certificates. In addition, our 
Bouskoura site (Morocco) has started developing a wind farm that will supply at least 
90% of the power needs of the site starting from the second half of 2021.
Minimizing our indirect emissions from transportation
Reducing CO2 emissions from the transportation of our people and products has been 
part of our sustainability strategy for 25 years. We report on employee commuting, 
business travel and transportation of our goods – the three most material categories for 
us out of the 15 categories defined in scope 3 of the GHG protocol.
In 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we reduced business travel and encouraged 
eligible employees to work from home. This resulted in a decrease in our scope 3 
absolute emissions of 40% compared to 2019. This was mainly due to an 86% decrease 
in emissions related to business travel.
Reforestation program
We have developed CO2 sequestration programs based on reforestation. Around  
6,200 hectares of forests were planted on our behalf between 2002 and 2005. These 
trees sequestrated 211,000 tons of CO2 in 2020, equivalent to almost 43% of our annual 
direct emissions1, but not yet taken into account in our emissions reported.
To become carbon neutral by 2027, we will develop further reforestation and innovative 
carbon avoidance and sequestration programs.
Acting collectively 
We firmly believe our achievements will be greater if we act collectively. Our carbon 
neutrality program therefore aims to engage customers, employees, investors, 
candidates, and all our partners. We want to implement collaborative programs and 
partnerships in all our ecosystems, to promote carbon neutrality among all stakeholders, 
and to encourage environmental innovations.
Strategic partnerships
In 2020, we initiated a strategic partnership with Schneider Electric on carbon neutrality 
and the co-development of energy-efficient solutions. Both companies will  
collaborate on:
• reducing overall energy consumption at ST manufacturing and design sites
• applying a renewable energy sourcing strategy across all ST locations 
• identifying and implementing the most relevant carbon avoidance and carbon 
sequestration programs 
Transparency towards our stakeholders
By reporting to CDP , we demonstrate to our customers and investors that we are 
ahead of regulatory and policy changes, we proactively identify and tackle growing 
risks, and we continually seek new opportunities for action. Our effective performance 
and management approach were recognized with an A score in the 2020 CDP Climate 
Change list, positioning ST among the leaders in climate transparency and actions to cut 
emissions, mitigate climate risks and develop the low-carbon economy.40%
renewable energy
Strategic partnership 
with Schneider 
Electric-40%
in scope 3 emissions 
due to the pandemic

63
PROtEctING thE ENVIRONmENt  I  ENERGy ANd cLImA tE chANGE  Third-party audits
In 2020, we initiated ISO 14064 certifications across all our sites. ISO 14064 is an 
international standard for quantifying and reporting GHG direct and indirect emissions at 
the organizational level. This gives our sites tools and guidance to select the appropriate 
GHG sources, data and methodologies, and enhance our reporting. By the end of 2020, 
our Agrate (Italy), Kirkop (Malta) and Shenzhen (China) sites were audited. All other 
manufacturing sites will be audited and certified during 2021.
Addressing climate-related risks
Through our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program, we identify and assess 
climate-related risks. The business continuity plans we implement at each site help 
prevent and protect our operations against climate change and natural disasters (see Risk 
Management, page 19 ). We adopt a bottom-up approach to assessing risks, allowing us 
to zoom in on a specific site or to zoom out at Company level. Benchmarking helps us 
identify the sites most at risk and the risk drivers.
For climate-related risks, we use a framework inspired by the ‘Water Risk Filter’, a tool 
developed by WWF adapted for carbon risk assessment. We assess:
• physical risks, such as dependence on weather and temperature
• regulatory risks, such as legislation and fines
• reputational risks, such as media exposure and involvement in compensation measures 
We also identify risks that are driven by changes in other climate-related developments, 
such as changing consumer behavior. We are actively involved in researching new 
products to help our customers develop new energy saving applications, transforming risk 
into opportunity (see Sustainable Technology on page 33 ).
In 2020, we publicly declared our commitment to the Taskforce on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosure (TCFD). This means we are working towards implementing TCFD 
recommendations and reporting how we take actions on climate-related risks and 
opportunities (see TCFD index on page 91 ).
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals 
Our commitments and programs related to Energy and Climate Change as described 
above contribute to:
SdG target 7.3 – By 2030, double the global rate of improvement in energy efficiency.
SdG target 8.4 – Improve progressively, through 2030, global resource efficiency in 
consumption and production.
SdG target 13.1 – Strengthen resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related hazards 
and natural disasters in all countries.
Joining the Science Based Targets initiative 
As part of our ambitious program to become carbon neutral by 2027, ST has joined the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi), which provides a clearly defined pathway for companies to reduce greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions. Targets are considered ‘science-based’ if they are in line with what the latest climate 
science deems necessary to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement – limiting global warming to well below 
2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursuing efforts to limit warming to 1.5°C.
By the end of 2020, we were the only semiconductor company with approved targets to limit warmings to 
no more than 1.5°C, representing the highest level of ambition. By reporting annually on our progress, the 
SBTi will help us monitor progress towards our target of reducing our direct and indirect emissions  
(scopes 1 and 2) by at least 50% compared to 2018, and sourcing 80% of our electricity from renewable 
sources by 2025.
We support the  
TCFD 
2020 OBJECTIVES Status Comments
-30% PFCs emissions (tons CO 2 per production unit) 
by 2020 from 2010 baseline.-25% compared to 2010.
Objective discontinued.
+10% green energy each year.+50% compared to 2019.  
Objective discontinued.
80% renewable electricity by 2025 and 100% by 2027. Science Based Targets.
-50% absolute scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions by 
2025 from 2018 baseline.Science Based Targets.(1) Internal calculation method.FOCUS
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT64Water 
Wastewater treatment plant, ST Tours, France
Water is a limited natural resource that is essential to people, ecosystems and life. 
Manufacturing semiconductors requires a large volume of water. It also generates 
wastewater that can be harmful for the environment and local communities if not treated. 
Tackling the challenges of water scarcity and wastewater treatment has been part of our 
strategy since 1993. We have adopted a comprehensive approach to this, including water 
stress assessment, conservation programs, and wastewater treatment. 
A limited and shared resource
The reliability of the water supply for the semiconductor manufacturing process is 
essential, but water is a shared resource, and it is our responsibility to ensure our 
water use does not impact local ecosystems. All ST sites manage their water-related 
risks, according to their needs and water availability. Each site monitors the volume 
of water it uses and complies with local permits. One of our 11 manufacturing sites 
uses groundwater for their operations. In 2020, 14% of the water used throughout our 
operations came from groundwater and 86% from municipal water supplies. OUR AMBITION 2025 GOALMaintain our leadership in  
water efficiency by reducing  
consumption, recycling more,  
and reinforcing our efforts in  
water scarcity areas.
-20%
water consumption*
* Normalized values vs 2016Water2020
As most of our primary water supply is local municipal water, it is fundamental to ensure 
the continuity of water supplies in the areas where we operate. We therefore engage in 
regular discussions with local stakeholders and implement solutions to reduce water 
extraction and consumption. In 2021, we will conduct a water assessment with an 
external partner, as we did in 2014, to assess our global water footprint and identify water 
stress areas, water-related risks of our operations, and our impact on local communities. 
I 303-1 IWater withdrawal by source | 303-3 |  SDG 6.4
Municipal water supplies
86%Ground water
14%+6%
65
PROtEctING thE ENVIRONmENt  I  WAtER 
RiverCommunity
use
Water
extractionWater wells 
or city water
source
Cooling towers Scrubbers Wastewater
treatment plantManufacturing plantUltra-pure water plant
Recycling plant
Municipal water
treatment plant
Reducing our water use
2020 performance
In 2020, thanks to the continuous efforts of all our sites and teams, our water recycling 
rate remained stable compared to 2019, although our water consumption increased by 
7% in absolute terms. This is mainly due to the integration of a new manufacturing facility 
and an extension to an existing one. Our Catania (Italy) and Ang Mo Kio (Singapore) sites, 
where water consumption is highest, identified specific actions to improve their water 
efficiency. Some of these actions have already started to be implemented; others will be 
deployed from 2021 onwards (see Focus).
We achieved an A- score in the 2020 CDP questionnaire on water security, confirming 
that our policies, management systems and programs are aligned with managing  
water sustainably.
Conservation initiatives
Our facilities and environmental teams are fully engaged in implementing new projects to 
reduce the water footprint of our operations and minimize the impact on water availability.
Through our continuous efforts, we have succeeded in reducing our overall water 
footprint by 72% (per unit of production) since 1994.
In Morocco, where water is a scarce resource, our Bouskoura site has, for a number of 
years, initiated various action plans to reduce its water consumption. In 2020, a redesign 
of the site’s wastewater treatment plant made it easier to classify distinct types of 
wastewater and treat them accordingly. This enabled the site to increase the wastewater 
recycling rate from 35% to 60%. By improving the scale and efficiency of its water 
recycling, the site reduced not only the amount of water it needed to draw from local 
supplies, but also the impact on the local ecosystem.
Our Calamba site (the Philippines) initiated a project in 2020 to recover and treat water 
from manufacturing processes for use in the cooling towers. In one year, the project 
almost doubled the amount of recycled water used for the power plant and cooling 
towers.
At our Shenzhen site (China), as part of our efforts to increase water recycling, teams 
improved the system for recycling wastewater from the ultrafiltration system, including 
better monitoring.72%
reduction in our water 
footprint since 1994
41%
of water recycled 
and reused
Typical ST water cycle
66
PROtEctING thE ENVIRONmENt  I  W AtER 
Cooperating with external experts to reduce 
water footprint 
ST is committed to reducing its water footprint to minimize the impact on water availability. Our Catania site 
(Italy) is one of our largest users of water. To address this issue, the site commissioned a specialist water 
management consultancy to advise on the best technological solutions to reduce water consumption and 
achieve our 2025 corporate goal of reducing water consumption by 20% vs 2016. Various solutions were 
suggested, such as recycling and reusing water from facilities and manufacturing areas. Based on this in-
depth analysis, the site will define a detailed action plan and prioritize actions to develop concrete projects 
in the coming years.Efficient wastewater treatment to reduce impact
Wastewater from our manufacturing processes contains pollutants that need to be 
treated to eliminate any risk of pollution. Wastewater is treated on site or externally in 
dedicated treatment plants.  I 303-2 I
Our manufacturing sites are continually looking for ways to improve wastewater 
treatment and water discharge quality to minimize our impact on the environment.
For example, by changing the process parameters of the wastewater treatment plant, 
our Tours site (France) reduced the amount of lime required to treat the wastewater 
by more than 200 tons and the amount of CO2 by more than 40 tons. This decreased 
the transportation impact by the equivalent of 30 tons of CO2 and reduced the waste 
generated (sludge) by 30%. 
Our Ang Mo Kio site (Singapore) upgraded its fluoride wastewater treatment plant 
to improve its performance and simplify maintenance, while addressing potential 
environmental and safety concerns related to the handling of chemicals and hazardous 
waste. Processes were changed so that instead of generating large volumes of waste 
sludge that require further treatment before sending to landfill, it produces dense pellets 
that can be recycled (see Waste on page 67 ). This project not only reduces operational 
and disposal costs, but also helps to minimize our impact on the environment and reduce 
the risks for people. The site has already seen an improvement and is on track to achieve 
a 100% recycling rate for fluoride wastewater in 2021, compared to 30% before  
the upgrade.
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals 
Our commitments and programs related to Water as described above contribute to:
SdG target 6.4 – Substantially increase water-use efficiency across all sectors and 
ensure sustainable withdrawals and supply of freshwater to address water scarcity.
SdG target 8.4 – Improve progressively, through 2030, global resource efficiency in 
consumption and production.
ST initiated a partnership with the Isle Group to reduce water consumption at its Catania site 
(Italy). After a comprehensive update of the site’s water balance, we have identified different 
scenarios using innovative water technologies that could achieve water savings up to an 
astonishing 35%, with a payback period of less than three years. An essential part of the 
study’s success was the immense commitment and technical support from local staff.”Carles Crespo
Global Business Development Leader, Isle  
2020 OBJECTIVES Status Comments
Water recycle rate ≥45%.41%
Objective 2021: ≥42%.
FOCUS
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT67Waste
Cardboard collection, ST Kirkop, Malta
Managing our waste
A Company-wide approach
Our waste management program covers all the waste streams generated by our 
operations and activities. This waste includes hazardous substances, metals, packing, 
plastics, and other non-biodegradable materials. Our waste management strategy is 
based on reduction, reuse, recycling, elimination and treatment. It is driven by both local 
regulations and Company policy, with our sites being asked to respect the most stringent 
of these requirements.  I 103-2 I
2020 performance
In 2020, 88% of the waste generated by our operations was reused, recovered or sent 
for recycling. The waste sent to landfill increased from 3.4% to 6.0% compared to 
2019, missing our target of sending ≤3% of waste to landfill. This lower performance is 
a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, as waste disposal suppliers at some of our 
sites suspended their activities during lockdown.OUR AMBITION 2025 GOALStrive for zero waste in landfill,  
reduce our consumption  
of chemicals and eliminate  
hazardous materials.
95%
of our waste reused  
and recycled Waste & Chemicals 202088%
Waste split | 306-2 |
(1) Waste burnt with recovery of energy (combustion).Reuse
7%
Sent for recycling
69%Recovery(1)
12%
Incineration
6%
Land/f_ill
6%88%
of our waste reused, 
recovered or sent for 
recycling
68Controlling hazardous substances
Our various manufacturing processes can generate hazardous or potentially hazardous 
waste, such as chemical substances and contaminated plastics. We pay particular 
attention to each type of hazardous waste (liquid or solid) that can impact the 
environment or people’s health and safety (see Chemicals on page 70 ). We seek to 
identify the best solution from all available treatment technologies. In 2020, we identified 
40% of our waste as hazardous, 95% of which was reused, recovered, or sent for 
recycling. The remaining waste was disposed of and treated locally by authorized 
companies.
Reducing waste at the source
The best waste is the waste we avoid. We apply this approach at all our manufacturing 
sites.
In 2020, our Ang Mo Kio site (Singapore) developed a comprehensive strategy to reduce 
solid waste. It includes reviewing and analyzing waste flows, refurbishing and relocating 
waste storage areas, labelling, communication and training on waste collection points 
and storage, and an innovative program called ‘Zero food waste’. By implementing all 
these actions, the site expects to achieve 85% of waste recycled or reused by the end of 
2021 vs 72% in 2020.
Our Shenzhen site (China) started a project in 2019 to introduce a phosphorous-free 
compound in a manufacturing process, leading to a reduction of 40,000kg of hazardous 
waste per year. 
Fluoride wastewater transformed into pellets for use 
in other industries  
At ST, we always seek to understand if a waste product can become a resource for another type of usage, 
inside or outside our industry. Our rinsing and cleaning operations generate wastewater containing fluoride. 
This wastewater must be treated to remove the polluting substance and meet stringent local regulatory 
limits, helping to reduce the impact of our activities on the environment. 
In 2020, our Ang Mo Kio site (Singapore) collaborated with a waste disposal supplier to introduce a new 
way to process the sludge generated by the treatment of the fluoride wastewater. The change involves 
transforming the fluoride sludge into pellets that can be used in the metallurgy, cement or ceramic 
industries. It saves operation and disposal costs and, above all, it offers a new use for a waste which was 
previously sent to landfill, thus moving towards a circular economy.
It is important to optimize all waste treatment – from hazardous to organic – so one of our 
actions in 2020, called ‘Zero food waste’, focused on segregating organic waste and treating 
it on site. This reduced the associated carbon emissions from transporting and treating it at 
an off-site facility, reduced odors from storage and limited potential pest problems at the site. 
It has also been a great way to involve our employees and make them aware of the need to 
sort their waste.”Hc Chew
EHS Manager Ang Mo Kio (Singapore)
FOCUS
2020 OBJECTIVES Status Comments
≤3% waste in landfill.6%
Objective maintained in 2021.
69
PROtEctING thE ENVIRONmENt  I  WAStETowards a circular economy
Using waste to create value benefits the environment, people, and ST. Therefore, where 
possible, we look for opportunities to valorize the waste we generate.
For several years, we have been implementing various initiatives to find new uses for our 
waste.
• Fluoride sludge is transformed into pellets for the metallurgy industry (see Focus).
• Sulfuric acids are used for recycling batteries.
• Spent resin and sludge are used in the cement and brick industry.
• Deflashing waste powder and waste sludge are sent for precious metal recovery.
• Electronic waste is dismantled; some parts are reused, and precious metals are 
recovered.
• Solvents are sent for distillation and reuse.
• Solvents are burned and the energy recovered.
• Ammonia in wastewater is treated and used in agricultural fertilizers.
• Landfill industrial waste is transformed into solid combustible material and used in 
cement factory furnaces.
• Silicon wafer scraps are used for aluminum production used in the automotive, aviation 
and photovoltaic industries.
• Paper, cardboard, plastics and wood are recycled.
• Organic waste is transformed into compost.Valorize 
our waste
Examples of 
circular 
economy 
initiatives
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals 
Our commitments and programs related to Waste as described above contribute to:
SdG target 3.9 – Substantially reduce the number of deaths and illnesses from 
hazardous chemicals and air, water and soil pollution, and contamination.
SdG target 6.3 – Improve water quality by reducing pollution, eliminating dumping and 
minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, halving the proportion of 
untreated wastewater and substantially increasing recycling and safe reuse globally.
SdG target 12.4 – Achieve the environmentally sound management of chemicals and all 
wastes throughout their lifecycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, 
and significantly reduce their release to air, water and soil in order to minimize their 
adverse impacts on human health and the environment.
Used solvents
Reuse
DistillationBack on the market
for industrial 
and/or ST useTransportation
Silicon wafer scraps
Recycle
Melted to become
an additive in 
aluminum ingotAlloy used in 
the automotive, 
photovoltaic and 
aviation industriesSecured
transportation
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT70Chemicals
VOC burner, ST Crolles, France
Responsibly managing the chemical substances and materials used in our operations is 
critical for protecting people, preserving the environment, and complying with legal and 
customer requirements. 
At each manufacturing site, we take a precautionary approach to guide all decisions 
related to chemical usage and handling. The site chemical committees regularly meet to 
evaluate the composition, the hazards and the use conditions of chemical substances 
and materials. This includes risk management measures, personal protective equipment, 
waste management and administrative controls. Following this process enables us to 
identify critical substances as soon as they are introduced or reclassified.  I 103-2 I
In 2020, we recorded 5,919 chemicals in use, and we conducted 587 new risk 
assessments, reaching a total of 30,702 validated risk assessments by the end of  
the year.  I 103-3 I
Caring for our people
Reducing people’s exposure to hazardous chemicals underpins our actions and initiatives 
at all our manufacturing sites. In 2020, our Ang Mo Kio site (Singapore) worked on a 
project to reduce handling of small bottles of liquid chemicals by installing a chemical 
distribution system, while our Crolles site (France) secured the transfer of hazardous 
reusable liquid by installing new pipelines. Both projects will continue in 2021. 
We can reduce people’s exposure to chemicals not only through equipment upgrades 
or system changes, but also by redesigning processes. For example, the R&D teams at 
our Agrate site (Italy) introduced solid substances instead of hazardous liquid chemicals 
when creating a new generation of piezoelectric material, thereby reducing the risks for 
people and the environment. 
In 2020, the 18,781 industrial hygiene measurements we performed were all below the 
applicable limits, proving the effectiveness of our preventive actions and continuous 
attention.
Workers exposed to chemical risks are regularly trained on chemical hazard 
classification, potential health consequences, emergency and preventive procedures, and 
risk management measures.>18,700  
industrial hygiene 
measurementsOUR AMBITION 2025 GOALStrive for zero waste in landfill,  
reduce our consumption  
of chemicals and eliminate  
hazardous materials.
95%
of our waste reused  
and recycled Waste & Chemicals 202088%
71
PROtEctING thE ENVIRONmENt  I  chEmIcALS
Preserving the environment
Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) are compounds that easily become gases or vapors, 
some of which may have adverse effects on human health. Reducing VOC air emissions 
from our operations is therefore essential. We do this by collecting exhaust fumes from 
equipment that uses chemicals and by treating air emissions in appropriate abatement 
systems.
In 2020, our Crolles site (France) reduced its VOC emissions by 12% vs 2019 by installing 
new burners.
In the meantime, our teams in Asia focused their efforts on complying with a Chinese 
government initiative called ‘Blue Sky’, which aimed to improve air quality by reducing 
total VOC emissions in 2020 by at least 10% compared to 2015. The project included 
remediation plans for certain industries and a ban on VOC-containing solvents in several 
applications and industry sectors. These include the semiconductor industry, which uses 
adhesives containing hazardous substances in the assembly process. During the year, 
our Shenzhen site (China) implemented the relevant standards, including compliance test 
reports, document verification and increased control of VOC emissions (see Focus 
and quote).
Aligning with expectations
Replacing hazardous substances
ST’s phase-out of perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) related substances achieved a major 
step forward in 2020, reaching 95%. The Rousset and Crolles sites (France) participated 
by successfully replacing PFOA-related substances used in their manufacturing process. 
By the end of the year, only a few process flows remained to be modified and we are on 
target to reach our objective of being 100% PFOA-free by 2025.
ST, our customers and our suppliers are all stakeholders in the future of our planet, and 
we have many challenges in front of us. Being able to make a difference is a shared goal 
for all. We have worked extensively with our supply chain to enhance reporting and tackle 
the removal of hazardous substances. ST’s hard work and commitment enabled us to 
successfully meet the objectives of China’s ‘Blue Sky’ VOC program.”Frankie Agius
Director of Quality, Global Key Accounts, Coppell (USA)
95%
PFOA-free
Supporting China’s ambition for a blue sky 
To facilitate its ‘Blue Sky’ program, aimed at improving air quality, the Chinese government published a new 
standard on VOC emissions in March 2020, which would come into force in December. It sought to classify 
all adhesives used in assembly manufacturing according to the standard, perform specific tests, and collect 
compliance documents. This impacted not only ST activities, but also all ST’s subcontracted activities in 
China. 
Haiyan Zeng, HSPM Program Manager at our Shenzhen site (China), and Hui Lin Koh, Global Outsourcing 
Business Management at our Ang Mo Kio site (Singapore), played a decisive role in the rapid success of 
ST’s implementation by coordinating actions and checking and centrally archiving compliance documents to 
provide easy access for our customers and internal teams. 
Haiyan also worked in close cooperation with the environment and facility teams at the Shenzhen site 
to ensure VOC-containing gaseous streams were treated before release into the environment. An audit 
performed mid-December by a major customer confirmed that our good teamwork was helping to win the 
battle for a blue sky.FOCUS
72Compliance and reporting
We comply with applicable environmental regulations and requirements, including 
European chemical policies and directives, such as REACH1, RoHS2, and ELV3. 
To effectively recycle raw materials from waste, it is necessary to know if the waste 
contains hazardous substances. One of the objectives of the European Waste Framework 
Directive (WFD) is to improve the material recycling ratio from collected waste. In line with 
this aim, ST declares substances of very high concern, as listed by REACH, contained 
in any product sold in Europe. In 2020, we adapted data from our existing database to 
enable us to meet REACH and WFD data reporting requirements. Starting in 2021, all 
relevant ST products are now declared through a dedicated web portal managed by the 
European Chemicals Agency. 
To provide our customers with information on the chemical composition of our products, 
we also report and publish our material declarations (available on www.st.com )  
in accordance with the IPC17524 standard. 
Meeting customer expectations
ST has been working for more than five years on the deployment of Hazardous 
Substance Process Management (HSPM) to identify, control, quantify and report any 
hazardous elements in components, according to the CQ080000 standard. The goal 
is to ensure that the end products comply with customer requirements. In 2020, we 
strengthened our ability to perform non-disruptive analytical controls on raw materials. 
At our Shenzhen site (China), we took advantage of a refurbished lab, which achieved 
ISO 17025 certification during the year, to deploy several methods to detect regulated 
substances. The results of a site audit conducted by a major customer in 2020 confirmed 
ST’s compliance with requirements on the presence of hazardous substances  
in products.
Monitoring our suppliers 
We require our suppliers to respect our EHS-regulated substances list, which contains 
more than 3,000 substances and is regularly reviewed. We also require them to confirm 
their compliance through analytical certificates, safety datasheets and commitments.
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals 
Our commitments and programs as described above contribute to: 
SdG target 3.9 – Substantially reduce the number of deaths and illnesses from 
hazardous chemicals and air, water and soil pollution and contamination. 
SdG target 6.3 – Improve water quality by reducing pollution, eliminating dumping and 
minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, halving the proportion of 
untreated wastewater and substantially increasing recycling and safe reuse globally. 
SdG target 12.4 – Achieve the environmentally sound management of chemicals and all 
wastes throughout their lifecycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, 
and significantly reduce their release to air, water and soil in order to minimize their 
adverse impacts on human health and the environment.Lab certified 
ISO 17025
2020 OBJECTIVES Status Comments
In line with World Semiconductor Council (WSC) 
statement, remove PFOA and PFOA-related substances 
in all manufacturing chemicals by 2025.Removed 95% PFOA and PFOA-related 
substances in 2020 compared to 2014  
when the program started.(1) REACH: Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals.
(2) RoHS: Restriction of Hazardous Substances.
(3) ELV: End of Life of Vehicles.
(4) IPC1752: Association connecting electronics industries.
73
PROtEctING thE ENVIRONmENt  I  ENVIRONmENt AL INdIcA tORSEnvironmental indicators
Environmental investments (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
% of total Company investments 0.33 0.47 0.17 0.35 3.06
Consumption – absolute values | 302-1 | 302-4 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Electricity (TJ(1)) 7,536 7,812 8,094 8,208 8,716
Water (1,000m3) 16,406 17,064 18,204 18,843 20,223
Chemicals (tons) 17,615 20,118 23,127 21,780 20,641
Natural gas (TJ(1)) 690 695 666 696 706
(1) Terajoule.
Summary of net CO2 emissions (KTons) 
| 305-1 | 305-2 | 305-3 |  SDG 13.1
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Direct emissions Scope 1 552 605 644 557 486
Indirect emissions  
(purchased electricity) Scope 2(1) 739 756 791 702 564
Other indirect emissions 
(transportation(2)) Scope 3113 132 137 143 86
Total emissions 1,404 1,493 1,573 1,402 1,137
(1) Market-based method calculation according to GHG Protocol standard.
(2)  The transportation emissions value is a global estimate of employee transportation  
and transportation of goods.Environmental burden – net values  SDG 3.9 - 6.3 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Emissions to air
Global warming(1) 
(MTCE)382,909 407,290 428,912 382,277 310,041
Ozone depletion  
(kg R11 Eq)0.14 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
VOCs (Tons) 231 287 297 139 148
Atmospheric 
acidification (Kg SO2 Eq)32,283 36,084 43,856 46,018 51,207
Photochemical  
oxidant creation  
(Kg ethylene Eq)46,186 49,166 43,749 35,799 38,295
Air emission toxicity(2) 
Kg PH3 Eq2,529 1,595 2,240 1,414 3,192
Emissions to water(3)
Eutrophication  
(Kg (P+N))160,155 176,555 164,027 169,575 126,286
Aquatic oxygen demand  
(Kg COD(4))508,468 595,257 605,100 632,625 656,045
Heavy metals to water  
(Kg heavy metals)8,217 11,560 14,222 9,233 6,880
Aquatic ecotoxicity  
(Kg Cu Eq)5,114 6,208 5,764 5,211 4,290
(1)  Includes direct Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions from our manufacturing plants and indirect 
emissions from energy consumption and transport, reported in Metric Tons of Carbon Equivalent 
(MTCE). Does not include GHG emissions from subcontractors and foundries.
(2)  Emissions of substances are considered only if they exceed the minimum threshold of 3ppm, 
expressed in phosphine equivalent. For Volatile Organic Compounds, Atmospheric Acidification, 
Photochemical Oxidant Creation and Air Emission Toxicity the Particulate Matter is not covered.
(3) Domestic wastewater is included.
(4) Total Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD).
Direct and indirect energy consumption by primary  
sources(1) (%) | 302-1 | 302-4 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Green electricity purchased 23.6 25.8 21.2 26.4 39.6
Photovoltaic and thermal solar 
electricity produced by ST 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
Electricity purchased from 
nuclear (CO 2 free)12.6 12.1 9.2 6.9 6.1
Electricity purchased from fossil 
fuel sources 55.1 53.7 61.8 58.6 46.6
Natural gas 8.4 8.1 7.6 7.8 7.5
Other fuels 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.2
(1) The sums may not add up to 100% due to rounding of the figures.
Energy consumption by source | 302-1 | 302-4 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Electricity (TJ(1)) 7,536 7,812 8,094 8,208 8,716
Natural gas (TJ(1)) 690 695 666 696 706
Others (TJ(1)) 17 24 22 22 31
Total energy (TJ(1)) 8,244 8,531 8,782 8,926 9,453
Energy from electricity (%) 91.4% 91.6% 92.2% 92.0% 92.2%
(1) Terajoule.
Consumption of energy | 302-3 |  SDG 7.3
Per unit of production – normalized values
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Consumption of energy  109 97 89 94 108
Baseline 100 in 2010.
Consumption of electricity | 302-3 |
Per unit of production – normalized values
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Consumption of electricity 109 97 89 94 109
Baseline 100 in 2010.this section includes indicators and GRI 
Standard disclosures.
Our environmental data covers our 11 main manu facturing 
sites, representing more than 95% of the overall 
environmental impact of the Company. 
The methodologies used to calculate data are detailed in 
internal Company procedures, which are regularly reviewed 
during third-party environmental audits (EMAS, ISO 14001, 
ISO 50001). 
See ST site certifications table on page 39 .
ST follows the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol for managing 
its GHG emissions. The resulting CO2 emissions are reported 
according to recognized international standards (Reference 
– World Resources Institute (2004) GHG Protocol –  
A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard).
Scope 1 – Direct emissions resulting from operations
• Combustion emissions: World Resources Institute (2008) – 
GHG Protocol Calculation tool for stationary  
combustion v.4.1
•  PFC emissions: 2007 IPCC fourth Assessment Report 
Climate Change. Table 2.14. Lifetimes, radiative 
efficiencies and direct GWPs relative to CO 2 www.ipcc.ch
Scope 2 – Indirect emissions resulting from purchased 
electricity
• World Resources Institute (2014). GHG Protocol tool for 
stationary combustion. Version 4.8, GHG Protocol  
Scope 2 Guidance
Scope 3 – Emissions resulting from travel and 
transportation
• Mobile Combustion GHG Protocol tool v.2.6
• Supplement to the Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) 
accounting and reporting standard
74Consumption of natural gas  | 302-3 |
Per unit of production – normalized values
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Consumption of natural gas 118 101 86 94 104
Baseline 100 in 2010.
Carbon footprint of ST’s products per mode of transportation(1) (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Air <2,000km 16 19 19 22 1
Air >2,000km 82 79 80 76 98
Road 2 2 2 2 1
Ocean 0 0 0 0 0
(1) The sums may not add up to 100% due to rounding of the figures.
Consumption of water
Per unit of production – normalized values
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Consumption of water 99 88 84 90 105
Baseline 100 in 2010.
Water withdrawal by source (1000m3)(1) | 303-3  |  SDG 6.4
2017 2018 2019 2020
Ground water 3,055 4,236 3,029 2,880
Surface water - 0 0 0
Municipal water supplies 14,009 13,967 15,814 17,342
Total withdrawal 17,064 18,204 18,843 20,223
(1) The sums may not add up due to rounding of the figures. 
Recycled and reused total water  | 303-5 |  SDG 6.3 - SDG 6.4
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Total water used (1,000m3) 29,219 29,920 30,654 31,708 34,055
Total volume of water recycled 
and reused (1,000m3)12,798 12,857 12,450 12,870 13,833
Water recycled and reused (%) 43.8% 43.0% 40.6% 40.6% 40.6%
Total water discharge
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Water discharge (1,000m3) 13,794 14,406 14,926 15,621 15,912
Treated in ST wastewater 
treatment plant (%)78% 78% 68% 69% 85%
Treated in external wastewater 
treatment plant(1) (%)59% 58% 57% 55% 56%
(1)  Part of this water has already been treated in ST wastewater treatment plants, meaning that 
100% of water discharged is treated either internally, externally, or both.
Waste in tons  | 306-2 |  SDG 12.4
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Total hazardous waste 11,291 14,361 16,483(1)16,877(1)19,605
Total waste 32,979(1)39,615(1)44,828(1)43,593 49,012
(1)  Data corrected due to duplicated entries for recovery.
Waste split in tons  | 306-2 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Reuse 3,696 1,543 2,097 1,614 3,628
Sent for recycling 24,088(1) 32,182(1)34,434(1)33,607(1)33,653
Recovery(2)2,229 2,244 4,642 5,224 5,944
Incineration 1,341 2,128 1,671 1,497 2,809
Landfill 1,625 1,519 1,983 1,651 2,977
Total Waste  32,979(1)39,615(1)44,828(1)43,593 49,012
(1) Data corrected due to duplicated entries for recovery.
(2) Waste burnt with recovery of energy (combustion).Non-hazardous waste split(1) (%) | 306-2 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Reuse 6.7 3.7 5.0 3.5 10.0
Sent for recycling 81.2 88.9 83.9 86.1 69.1
Recovery(2)2.2 1.7 3.3 3.6 4.4
Incineration 3.5 1.4 2.4 2.4 7.8
Landfill 6.3 4.5 5.4 4.4 8.8
(1) The sums may not add up to 100% due to rounding of the figures.
(2) Waste burnt with recovery of energy (combustion).
Hazardous waste split(1) (%) | 306-2 |  SDG 12.4
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Reuse 19.1 4.1 3.1 3.1 3.5
Sent for recycling 49.7 62.7 71.8 70.9 68.0
Recovery(2)24.6 18.5 18.3 20.0 23.8
Incineration 4.7 12.2 4.8 3.9 2.7
Landfill 1.8 2.5 2.0 2.1 2.0
(1) The sums may not add up to 100% due to rounding of the figures.
(2) Waste burnt with recovery of energy (combustion).
WEEE  
As a supplier of components to the electronics industry (and not a manufacturer 
of electronic equipment), our silicon products are not directly affected by the 
European Directive 2012/19/ EU Waste of Electrical and Electronic Equipment 
(WEEE). However, since 2018, demonstration and evaluation boards supplied by 
ST are subject to the Directive.
Consumption of chemicals  SDG 12.4
Per unit of production – normalized values
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Consumption of chemicals 108 105 108 106 109
Baseline 100 in 2010.
Elimination of Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC) 
 SDG 12.4
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Total number of action plans(1) 
completed since 200823 23 23 23 23
(1)  One substance can be subject to several action plans to be eliminated from different ST 
processes.
ST exposure to Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC) 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
SVHC total list 169 176 191 201 209
SVHC used in ST 22 23 26 27 30
SVHC Annex XIV used in ST 1 1 1 3 4
Total SVHC used in ST replaced 
since 20087 7 7 7 7
Deployment of ST substances specification to key suppliers 
and subcontractors (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Response rate from key partners 100 100 100 97 100
Commitment from key partners  
to ST substances specification 98 80 89 72 91
Spills in 2020 | 306-3 |
None
Fines and non-monetary sanctions in 2020
None
Mask donation, Georges Pompidou hospital, Paris, France
340 
community  
initiatives 
worldwide95% 
of eligible tier 1  
suppliers have signed  
a commitment letterUS$3.7m  
donated to support 
communities during 
the pandemicActing together
Security agents, ST Bouskoura, Morocco
ACTING TOGETHER
76Responsible 
Supply Chain
Supply chain responsibility in challenging times
In complex supply chains such as those within the electronics industry, the COVID-19 
pandemic poses a greater risk to vulnerable workers. We have therefore been extra 
vigilant in maintaining robust control of our supply chains. We also re-emphasized our 
pledge to partner only with suppliers who share the same values of respecting people 
and acting ethically. 
We adapted our main Responsible Supply Chain program, which addresses labor, human 
rights, safety, ethics and environmental risks in our tier 1 supply chain, to reflect national 
restrictive measures. This included conducting audits remotely. 
Our program is based on the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) methodology, adopted 
in 2005 and deployed progressively in our supply chain since then. It comprises three 
main steps: 202017%
133/800 suppliers audited.Systematically assess and  
mitigate social, environmental, 
health & safety, and ethical risks  
in our extended supply chain.
100%
suppliers at risk auditedResponsible 
Supply ChainOUR AMBITION 2025 GOAL
Suppliers declare their commitment to ST’s  
RBA-based standards.
Suppliers complete an RBA self-assessment. The 
results enable us to identify areas that require attention.
Suppliers receive an RBA audit to monitor and control 
compliance and address areas of non-compliance.Commitment letter
Self-Assessment 
Questionnaire (SAQ)
RBA Audit & follow-up (VAP)
RBA standard
and tools deployed  
in our supply chain
77
tOGEthER, WE ShAPE thE FUtURE  I  RESPONSIbLE SUPPL y chAIN  
77
ActING tOGEthER  I  RESPONSIbLE SUPPL y chAIN  
In 2020, we reinforced our preliminary risk assessment process for new material 
suppliers. We focused on environmental and safety certifications and detecting forced 
labor, with specific actions for poor performance.
In addition to the program for our tier 1 suppliers, we also manage our sub-tier raw 
material suppliers (see Responsible mineral sourcing on page 79 ).  I 103-1 I 103-2 I
Actions for all categories of suppliers
As a company with more than 6,000 tier 1 suppliers, it is important for us to identify and 
prioritize suppliers at risk to include them in our due diligence process. Our annual risk 
assessment considers the type of supplier, the location of their operations (or a specific 
factory) and the volume of business they do with us.
We adapt our level of due diligence to the two different categories of suppliers 
we manage:
• Direct manufacturing suppliers including manufacturing subcontractors, material 
suppliers and equipment and spare-parts suppliers. This segment represents the 
highest percentage of ST’s procurement volume (78%).
• Indirect services including local suppliers such as catering, security, labor agencies 
and facilities management, which represent 22% of our procurement volume.
37% of our procurement volume is managed locally. The rest is managed centrally at 
corporate level.  I 204-1 I 
We monitor each category through the three-step process of our Responsible Supply 
Chain program. We define which suppliers are eligible for each step based on their level 
of risk and adapt the level of due diligence accordingly.
Overall, for both direct and indirect suppliers, 95% of eligible tier 1 suppliers have signed 
a commitment letter (step 1). In total, since the start of the program in 2015, our suppliers 
have undergone 265 RBA-based audits (step 3), +49% compared to 2019.   
Direct manufacturing suppliers
• 93% of 181 eligible suppliers have signed a commitment letter and 97% of new direct 
suppliers have undergone a screening process, including social, environmental, and 
health and safety criteria.
• 90% of 369 eligible supplier facilities have completed a self-assessment questionnaire 
(SAQ). 92% are rated low risk and 8% are medium risk.
• 9% of 369 eligible supplier facilities have undergone a third-party RBA VAP audit over 
the past two years, up from 7% in 2019.28
preliminary risk 
assessments analyzed 
on CSR criteria
265 RBA-based 
supplier audits 
since 2015, 
+49%  
vs 2019Our suppliers | 102-9 |
Procurement volume
Indirect services
(Canteen, dormitories, labor agencies, etc)
22%Direct manufacturing
(Material, equipment/spare-parts, 
subcontractors)
78%T109 - Our suppliers
 
Top 5 audit findings in our direct manufacturing supply chain(1) | 308-2 | 414-2 |
(1) Based on results of 34 key direct suppliers’ RBA audits.42
2047
2226Emergency preparedness
Excessive working hours
Occupational safety
Supplier responsibility
Risk of forced labor
2020 OBJECTIVES Status Comments
≥90% of eligible suppliers signed an agreement  
to comply with the RBA code of conduct.95%
Objective maintained in 2021.
78In addition, we regularly evaluate our suppliers’ performance on social, environmental, 
and health and safety criteria, and we deploy specific programs to address environmental 
and safety topics (see Health and Safety on page 41 and Chemicals on page 70 ). 
In 2020, 82% of our key suppliers were ISO 14001 certified or EMAS validated, up from 
76% in 2019.  I 103-3 I
This change has had a very significant and positive impact on my personal life. Previously, 
I left the house while my children slept (5 a.m.) and by the time I got home (10 p.m.), my 
children were already in bed. Now, I have time to see my children grow up, and to play with 
them. I have a life!”Khmessi Said
Security agent, Alomra – security supplier in ST Bouskoura (Morocco)
Indirect service suppliers
• 98% of 154 eligible suppliers have signed a commitment letter and 99% of 
new indirect suppliers have undergone a screening process, including social, 
environmental, and health and safety criteria.
• 79% of 126 eligible suppliers have completed an SAQ, up from 44% in 2019 (with a 
smaller number of eligible suppliers).
• 79% of 126 eligible suppliers have undergone a second-party RBA audit (conducted 
by ST) over the past two years, up from 31% in 2019. In 2020, we integrated more 
environmental and health and safety criteria for local audits and we also verified 
protection measures against COVID-19.
Top 5 audit findings in our indirect services supply chain(1) | 308-2 | 414-2 |
(1) Based on results of 99 indirect suppliers’ 2nd party RBA audits.51
45
25
25
24Excessive working hours
Wages and bene/f_its
Supplier responsibility
Risk of forced labor
Communication
Protecting vulnerable workers
In every action we instigate in our supply chain, our priority is to detect and address the most severe 
impacts for vulnerable workers. We have a zero-tolerance policy towards forced labor and we maintain 
strict control of working hours and wages to ensure decent living conditions and avoid any risk of coercion.
In 2020, we focused on addressing some of the most impactful risks we had detected: 
• Impact of lockdowns on foreign migrant workers in Malaysia due to the pandemic.  
We communicated with direct manufacturing suppliers to verify that salaries were maintained to 
ensure basic needs and that annual leave entitlements were not affected.
• Recruitment fees for foreign migrant workers in Taiwan. We launched a zero-recruitment fees 
campaign with five suppliers to accelerate their adoption of a zero-fee recruitment policy.
• Supplier corrective actions for priority findings on forced labor. We closely monitored the 
corrective actions for priority findings involving foreign migrant workers, such as reimbursing fees, 
payment of incomplete wages and contract substitution, requiring suppliers to complete their closure 
audits within the year.
Addressing such systemic and complex issues may be challenging, but we have noticed an increasing 
willingness to collaborate and improve the overall situation from our suppliers. FOCUS

79
tOGEthER, WE ShAPE thE FUtURE  I  RESPONSIbLE SUPPL y chAIN  
79
ActING tOGEthER  I  RESPONSIbLE SUPPL y chAIN  Supporting our suppliers towards compliance
We are not only committed to controlling our suppliers, but also to supporting them in 
raising their awareness and capability to comply with required standards.
Our aim is to help our suppliers improve their performance sustainably, through 
dedicated e-learning on risks in areas such as labor (including working hours and forced 
labor), ethics, health and safety, environment and management systems.
As well as the customized supplier e-learning paths we launched in 2019 through the 
RBA platform; our worldwide community of experts supports suppliers’ continuous 
improvement through ongoing dialog and sharing best practices. 
For example, at ST Bouskoura (Morocco), after encountering difficulties in reducing the 
working hours of security services below 72 hours per week, we launched a new bidding 
process that included criteria for working hours compliance. In 2020, we chose a new 
service provider and, by working closely together, we were able to reduce working hours 
to 60 hours per week, with a strong positive impact on workers’ lives (see quotes). 
We also organized online meetings to share best practices between our sites in Malaysia 
and China and some major manufacturing suppliers. Topics included how to better 
manage working hours and how to organize supply chain controls.
Responsible mineral sourcing
Our approach to supply chain responsibility goes beyond our tier 1 suppliers. It also 
covers the responsible sourcing of raw materials in our upstream supply chain. 
In 2020, we had 239 smelters in our tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold (3TGs) supply 
chain. For the fourth consecutive year, we successfully validated all of them through the 
Responsible Minerals Assurance Process. 
We usually eliminate smelters when they cease operation, although in 2020 we also had 
some cases where non-compliance led to their certification not being renewed. 
As an active participant in the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), we also began to 
monitor our cobalt supply chain in 2019, as concerns have been raised globally over 
the social and environmental impacts of cobalt extraction, including child labor and 
unsafe working conditions in artisanal cobalt mining. However, due to a lack of existing 
regulations on cobalt, progress on smelter certification is relatively slow.  
For more detailed information on our progress, see www.st.com/conflict-free_minerals .
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals 
Our commitments and programs related to Responsible Supply Chain as described 
above contribute to: 
SdG target 8.7 – Take immediate and effective measures to eradicate forced labor, end 
modern slavery and human trafficking, and secure the prohibition and elimination of the 
worst forms of child labor.
SdG target 8.8 – Protect labor rights and promote safe and secure working environments 
for all workers.
The moment ST did the audit and we understood that among the RBA requirements there 
was a 60-hour working week restriction, we said to ourselves, it will be a miracle if ST 
manages to change this, as it is general practice for the security sector in Morocco. Now, we 
are very confident in this system and we are very grateful that ST has been able to change 
this unfair practice. It has led to numerous positive changes in our personal and professional 
lives. It was a dream that came true.”Benaamar Jamal
Security agent, Alomra – security supplier in ST Bouskoura (Morocco)
Customized 
learning paths  
for suppliers
100 %
of our 3TGs smelters 
validated through the 
Responsible Minerals 
Assurance Process

ActING tOGEthER
80Community and 
Education
Fundraising at Asia Pacific Distribution Sales Convention20207/20 countries
China, Czech Republic, France, Germany, India, 
Italy and SingaporePrepare the future by supporting 
education in schools in all the 
countries where we operate.
STEM* education partnerships in
20 
countries
* Science, Technology, Engineering and     
MathematicsCommunity & EducationOUR AMBITION 2025 GOALWe have a longstanding commitment to investing in the communities where we operate. 
We encourage our employees to engage in local community programs aligned with our 
sustainability strategy and with the local, operational and cultural context. 
In addition to our general engagement, we also invest in the future of the communities we 
support, sharing with young people our passion for science and electronics in our ‘STEM 
your way’ program (see www.st.com/STEMyourway and discover our video ).  I 103-1 I 
This year, facing the COVID-19 pandemic, we have contributed and donated to protect 
local communities, while continuing our efforts to engage and support young people. 
Since 2012, we have measured our community involvement following the Business for 
Social Impact methodology (formerly London Benchmarking Group), a global standard to 
measure and manage corporate community investment. I 103-3 I
2020 achievements
In 2020, we implemented 340 community initiatives worldwide. These included:
• 35 sites in 20 different countries
• 114,324 hours of Company time (43% of the total contribution)
• US$2,141,500 in cash donations
• US$3,535,500 in in-kind donations
Domains of involvement(1) (%)
(1)  Among initiatives classified as young generation and education, some are also related to economic development,  
and innovation and high technology. The sums may not add up to 100% due to rounding of the figures.T109 - EDUCATION AND VOLUNTEERING
 Young generation and education
43%Social welfare and charity
4%
Innovation and high technology
11%
ST Foundation
6%Economic development
3%
Health
32%
81
tOGEthER, WE ShAPE thE FUtURE  I  cOmmUNIty ANd EdUcA tION  
81
ActING tOGEthER  I  cOmmUNIty ANd EdUcA tION  This year, the global breakdown has been very different to previous years due to the 
pandemic, with 32% of initiatives supporting healthcare. 
Despite many events being cancelled due to lockdowns around the world, supporting 
education continued to be an important focus, accounting for 43% of our overall 
contribution.  
Donations linked to the pandemic
Most of our sites contributed to help local communities respond to the challenges of 
the pandemic. Overall, ST donations reached a value of US$3.7 million (36% of our total 
contribution). This comprised:
• 3,126 volunteer hours 
• US$926,500 cash
• US$2,645,500 in-kind donations 
Our in-kind donations included surgical and FFP2 masks, protective clothing, hand 
sanitizer (produced at our manufacturing sites), face shields and protective glasses  
(see Facing the pandemic, on page 10 ).
We launched many fundraising initiatives across all our sites, particularly in Italy, which 
was severely affected by the pandemic. The aim was to help raise funds for local 
hospitals and support people in need. Employees raised over US$275,000. 
Our Asia Pacific sites, along with distribution partners across the region, launched a 
fundraising initiative during the Asia Pacific Distribution Sales Convention 2020 that 
raised more than US$260,000 from our distributors and US$70,000 from ST Asia Pacific. 
The money has been distributed to associations and hospitals across Asia to help 
combat the pandemic.
In addition, our Singapore sites sponsored two initiatives, the SeniorsConnect Digital 
Skills Program and the Social Prescribing Program of SingHealth Community Hospitals. 
These programs help seniors to stay in contact with their families and friends while at 
home through the use of digital tools. Both programs will continue in 2021.
STEM your way 
Our ‘STEM your way’ program is about raising awareness in young people about the 
importance of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) subjects and 
inspiring them to explore STEM-related careers. 
Although the pandemic stopped most on-site programs and school visits, many sites 
transformed their initiatives into digital events, which provided an opportunity to reach 
more students in the area. I 103-2 I
NeaPolis Summer Campus moves online 
NeaPolis Innovation Summer Campus is an annual challenge for university engineering students to 
encourage them to use ST’s 32-bit microcontrollers. Due to the pandemic, the seventh edition of the event 
in 2020 took a new approach. Held from August 27 to September 06, the campus took place entirely online, 
including the annual HackFest. 
A record 180 students from 16 universities, mainly in Italy, were mixed into randomly formed teams of four 
to six students. ST tutors organized and led the event, including defining and ordering the component kit in 
advance and ensuring it was sent to participants’ homes by courier.
The tutors, who were all located at the ST Naples site (Italy), gave students continual support. There were 
also many competitions, with prizes awarded daily.
It was a productive experience for all, not only in terms of the training, but also for the opportunity it gave 
students to experience team working. Despite the difficulties of remote learning, everything was managed 
successfully, with both students and tutors working together in a virtual environment.US$3.7 m
donated to  
communities during 
the pandemic
Number of STEM initiatives
25
25
5
223
22
12
7
1
1Lectures at universities
ST products integrated into education programs
Pupils, students, visits at ST
Testimonials in schools or at events
Members of education boards
Innovation contests
Events to engage girls
Others
Activities for the very young
Teacher visits at STSTEM initiatives go virtual
FOCUS
82For example, our Catania and Agrate sites (Italy) and Greater Noida site (India), which 
are involved in partnerships with universities, developed a number of virtual technical 
seminars for university students, while our Napoli site (Italy) transformed its ‘NeaPolis’ 
Summer Campus into a virtual event (see Focus).
In France, we went one step further in engaging with the education sector to encourage 
the use of our products in the curriculum by establishing a partnership with the CGénial 
Foundation. We jointly developed a pilot project around electronics boards based on 
STM32 microcontrollers to strengthen digital learning and coding in schools (see quote).
In line with our strong focus on developing activities to engage girls in science, we 
launched several activities in 2020. ST France cooperated with Elles Bougent, a voluntary 
organization which aims to encourage and support girls to pursue careers in technical 
fields (see Diversity and Inclusion Focus on page 51 ). In addition, our Ang Mo Kio site 
(Singapore) sponsored a three-year STEM outreach program named ‘Girls2Pioneers’, 
led by the United Women Singapore organization, with the aim of increasing the future 
representation of women in STEM fields.
As well as these programs, each year we welcome over 1,000 students for 
apprenticeships, internships and PhDs. This continued in 2020 despite the pandemic 
situation.
ST Foundation
The ST Foundation (see www.stfoundation.org ) continues to bridge the digital divide 
between those who have access to modern technologies and those who do not. The 
Digital Unify program, started in 2003, has trained over 770,000 people in 26 countries 
since its inception.  SdG 4.3
In 2020, our Foundation trained around 45,000 people, less than half of the usual number 
trained. This was due to the pandemic that stopped activities in most locations except for 
countries in Africa. 
2020 was a challenging year, but it also provided an opportunity to evolve and rethink 
the Foundation’s activities. The pandemic has reshaped lives everywhere with everything 
turning digital as remote work and distance learning skyrocketed. To quickly adapt to 
this new need, the Foundation boosted its collaboration with partners who could help it 
interact with the neediest beneficiaries. The resulting actions included: 
• donating equipment to underprivileged families for access to education
• creating new courses and content for school teachers 
• creating an e-learning platform with new online courses, including video courses for 
seniors and computer basics for visually impaired people
To achieve this, ST provided a wide range of support to the Foundation, including:
• cash donation of US$500,000
• electronic and IT equipment
• time donated by employees to develop new courses, especially by Italian and Indian 
volunteers
• support from Corporate External Communications to maintain the Foundation’s 
website and produce its annual report 
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals 
Our commitments and programs as described above contribute to:
SdG target 4.3 – Ensure equal access for all women and men to affordable and quality 
technical, vocational and tertiary education, including university.
SdG target 10.2 – By 2030, empower and promote the social, economic and political 
inclusion of all, irrespective of age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion or 
economic or other status.
The program Yes We Code!, created by the CGénial Foundation, helps pupils create digital 
projects based on ST’s STM32 microcontroller family and connect them with industrial 
applications. One of the main factors in the success of the program is the commitment 
of ST’s engineers, who provide training and technical support to teachers. Thanks to this 
partnership, we are strengthening the digital skills of secondary level students and opening 
their eyes, particularly for girls, to the diverse job opportunities in the electronics industry.”Hélène Chahine  
Chief Delegate, Fondation CGénial (France)
>770,000
people trained by ST 
Foundation since 2003
83
tOGEthER, WE ShAPE thE FUtURE  I  cOmmUNItIES INdIcA tORS  
83
ActING tOGEthER  I  cOmmUNItIES INdIcA tORS  Communities indicators
this section includes indicators and GRI Standard disclosures.
Suppliers’ and subcontractors’ Environmental, Health & Safety 
performance
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of eligible suppliers/subcontractors
Material suppliers 81 95 96 88 89
Equipment/spare-parts 
suppliers80 80 74 81 58
Back-end subcontractors 31 29 28 27 28
Front-end subcontractors 12 13 12 9 10
Total 204 217 210 205 185
ISO 14001 certified/EMAS validated (%)
Material suppliers 78 93 82 97 97
Equipment/spare-parts 
suppliers75 80 5(1)44 50
Back-end subcontractors 100 96 96 96 96
Front-end subcontractors 100 100 100 100 100
Overall % 81% 89% 58% 76% 82%
OHSAS validated (%)
Material suppliers 46 50 48 56 58
Equipment/spare-parts 
suppliers35 23 1(1)14 10
Back-end subcontractors 70 67 72 75 61
Front-end subcontractors 75 70 67 78 80
Overall % 47% 44% 36% 43% 45%
(1)  Issue with data consolidation in 2018.
New suppliers screened using social and environmental 
criteria in 2020 (%) I 308-1 I 414-1 I  
2020
Direct manufacturing 97
Indirect services 99
Total 98
Step 1 – supplier agreement to comply with RBA code   
Direct manufacturing Eligible suppliers(1)% signed(2)
Material suppliers 89 92%
Equipment/spare-parts suppliers 58 93%
Back-end subcontractors 28 96%
Front-end subcontractors 6 100%
Total 181 93%
Indirect services
Local suppliers 138 98%
Local labor agencies 16 100%
Total 154 98%
(1) Suppliers identified at risk for 2019-2020 roadmap.
(2) Suppliers who have signed a commitment to the current version of the RBA code of conduct (V6).
Step 2 – supplier CSR self-assessment questionnaires(1)  
(SAQ) | 308-2 | 414-2 | 
Direct manufacturing Eligible facilities(2,3)% completed(4)
Material suppliers 240 89%
Equipment/spare-parts suppliers 75 93%
Back-end subcontractors 40 85%
Front-end subcontractors 14 100%
Total 369 90%
Indirect services Eligible suppliers % completed
Local suppliers 118 77%
Local labor agencies 8 100%
Total 126 79%
(1) Either official RBA SAQ or ST SAQ based on RBA SAQ.
(2) For direct manufacturing suppliers SAQs are completed at facility level. 
(3)  Suppliers identified at risk for 2019-2020 roadmap.
(4) All suppliers who have completed an SAQ are required to have a corrective action plan.Step 3 – supplier CSR audits | 308-2 | 414-2 |  SDG 8.8
Direct manufacturing Eligible facilities(1,2)% verified(3)
Material suppliers 240 5%
Equipment/spare-parts suppliers 75 5%
Back-end subcontractors 40 33%
Front-end subcontractors 14 29%
Total 369 9%
Indirect services Eligible suppliers(1)% verified(1)
Local suppliers 118 78%
Local labor agencies 8 88%
Total 126 79%
(1)  Suppliers identified at risk for 2019-2020 roadmap.
(2)  For direct manufacturing suppliers audits are completed at facility level.
(3)  Percentage of valid audits (audits took place over a two-year period - Q1 2019 to Q4 2020,  
either official 3rd party RBA audit or ST verification based on RBA audit protocol).
Supplier facilities average RBA SAQ score(1) (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Health and Safety section 92.1 90.7 90.7 90.3 89.6
Environment section 90.6 88.4 88.0 88.6 85.8
Labor section 91.4 92.2 91.1 91.7 91.7
Ethics section 93.8 93.6 93.1 94.0 93.4
Overall average 92.0 91.2 90.5 91.0 90.1
(1) Direct manufacturing suppliers’ facilities.
Suppliers terminated as a result of a negative social  
or environmental impact | 308-2 | 414-2 |  SDG 8.7
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of suppliers 2(1) 1(2)2(3)1(4)1(5)
(1)  Working conditions with a security service supplier in Calamba site (the Philippines) and 
recruitment fees with a labor agency in Muar site (Malaysia).
(2) Recruiting conditions in cleaning services in Kirkop site (Malta).
(3)  Recruitment fees and detention of employee passports in a cleaning service supplier; and 
recruitment fees and levy deduction with a security service supplier in Muar site (Malaysia).
(4)  Legal requirement concerning social contributions not respected by a cleaning services company 
in Tunis site (Tunisia).
(5)  Contract not renewed with a security service supplier in Bouskoura (Morocco) due to excessive 
working hours.
Suppliers engaged in reporting EHS and social KPIs 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of front-end  
material suppliers42 41 46 42 -(1)
Number of back-end  
material suppliers42 48 47 50 -(1)
 (1) We changed our reporting methodology in 2020. Data not yet available. 
Conflict minerals – suppliers/subcontractors and smelters 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of suppliers and 
subcontractors associated  
with at least one 3TG metal118 126 128 124 124
3TG suppliers and subcontractors 
that have completed the RBA-RMI(1) 
due diligence survey (%)100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Number of smelters identified in 
ST’s raw materials supply chain 119 143 182 167 168
Number of smelters identified in  
ST subcontractors’ supply chain174 191 251 253 238
Total number of smelters  
identified in ST supply chains177 197 251 253 239
(1) Responsible Minerals Initiative.
84Decalogue results
here are the results of our 5th decalogue, published in 2014 with ambitions and targets for 2020. 
It is now replaced by our Sustainability charter.Conflict minerals inquiry results 2020  SDG 8.7
2020
Gold Tantalum Tin Tungsten
Number of smelters 107 37 53 42
Smelters which are RMAP(1) 
validated (%)100% 100% 100% 100%
Smelters which are active in 
the RMAP(1) but were not RMAP 
validated as of December 31, 2020
(active smelters) (%)0% 0% 0% 0%
Active smelters which have 
declared sourcing from L1/L2(2) 
countries or recycled or scrap 
sources(3) (%)0% 0% 0% 0%
Active smelters which have not 
provided a declaration regarding 
country or origin of recycled  
or scrap sources (%)0% 0% 0% 0%
(1) Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (formely Conflict Free Smelter Program).
(2)  Level 1 countries are not identified as conflict regions or plausible areas of smuggling or export 
from the Democratic Republic of Congo and its nine adjoining countries.  
Level 2 countries are known or plausible countries for smuggling, export out of region or transit  
of materials containing tantalum, tin, tungsten or gold.
(3) Based on information presented by suppliers and subcontractors.
Community involvement – inputs | 201-1 |
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of community  
involvement initiatives307(1)335 374 389 340
Total contribution  
(evaluated in US$m) 6.6 8.2 8.0 7.9 10.4
(1) From 2016 onwards, multiple activities linked to the same program count as one initiative.
Geographical spread of community contributions in 2020 (%)
2020
Africa 1
Americas 0
Asia 11
Europe 76
Worldwide 12Community contribution(1)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Cash donations (%) 4% 10% 15% 23% 21%
Staff time volunteering (%) 84% 84% 75% 66% 43%
In-kind (%) 4% 5% 7% 9% 34%
Management costs (%) 7% 1%(2)2% 2% 2%
Number of employees 
engaged in volunteering(3) 6,182 6,712 5,663 6,065 4,231
Number of hours contributed 
inside Company time 125,616 139,003 124,154 145,498 114,324
(1) The sums may not add up to 100% due to rounding of the figures.
(2)  Including time spent on awareness and reporting. From 2017 onwards, management costs 
related to the logistics of events are included in cash donations and staff time volunteering.
(3) Employees are counted for each initiative, so the same employee may be counted several times.
  
Reason for community contribution(1) (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Community investment 91 95 97 97 64
Charitable donation (gift) 8 4 3 3 36
Commercial initiative 1 1 0 1 0
(1) The sums may not add up to 100% due to rounding of the figures.
Community involvement – outcomes 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of beneficiary 
organizations1,487 1,722 1,384 1,856 2,938
Number of direct 
beneficiaries57,702 105,117 103,703 117,136 163,497
Direct beneficiary groups in 2020(1) (%)
2020
Children/Teenagers 3
Students/Scientific communities 53
Affected by natural/man made disaster (Mainly linked to COVID-19 
pandemic.)32
Local population 7
Senior/Elderly people 4
Others (Includes people on low incomes/unemployed, people with poor health, 
migrants and disabled people)2
(1) The sums may not add up to 100% due to rounding of the figures.
2014 commitments 2020 status
Products & Processes
1.1 Design products continuously decreasing energy consumption and enabling more energy efficient applications 
that create value for all stakeholders, with a focus on healthcare, safety/security, society and environmentAchieved through our Sustainable Technology, 63% of new products 
are responsible (page 34).
1.2 Strive towards a 'product greening strategy' through Ecopack® program deployment and 100% recyclable 
packing materials free of hazardous substances99.9% products are Ecopack® (page 39).
1.3 Continuously apply the eco-design process for new products with a company-wide approach All new products systematically go through an eco-design step 
during product development. 
People and Community
2.1 Support local initiatives for sponsoring EHS projects, local EHS events at each of our sites, encourage our 
people to lead or participate in EHS committees, conferencesEach site defines and runs EHS initiatives according to local context 
and needs.
2.2 Strengthen our EHS culture through dedicated trainings and communications Done through our Safety First program and ST certification process.
2,3 Promote volunteer activities and philanthropic contributions through dedicated programs Done through our Community and Education and STEM your way 
programs (page 80).
2.4 Develop, coordinate and sponsor projects, that employ the use of high technology to promote human progress 
and sustainable development of less privileged communities around the worldDone through our ST Foundation Digital Unify program.  
www.stfoundation.org.
2.5 Support and promote equal opportunities and global diversity through dedicated policies and programs Done through our Diversity and Inclusion programs (page 50).
852014 commitments 2020 status
Health and Safety
3.1 Number of work-related injuries and illnesses: remain among the best in class companies and with a medium 
term target Recordable Cases Rate (OSHA – Occupational Safety and Health Administration – USA model) at 
0.2 or lessRecordable Case Rate (injuries only) 0.14.  
Recordable Case Rate (injuries and illnesses) 0.15.
3.2 Severity of work-related injuries and illnesses: remain among the best in class companies and with a medium 
term target Severity Rate at 2 or less
Achieved 1.8 in 2018, but increased to 3.1 in 2020.
3.3 Subcontractors: improve the main on-site subcontractors Lost Work Days Cases Rate until 0.2 and then remain  
at 0.2 or lessLost Work Days Cases Rate 0.24.
3.4 Expand and promote employees’ health and well-being with programs such as 'Health Plan', local initiatives 
and campaignsST Health Plan has conducted on average  
>30,000 medical examinations per year.
3.5 Ensure high ergonomics standards for our working environment Ergonomics program in place.
Risk Management
4.1 Adopt an approach based on precautionary principles when assessing the EHS impacts of new operational 
processes, chemicals and materialsApproach systematically based on the principle 15  
of the Rio declaration.
4.2 Strive towards continuous control, reduction or elimination of risks and of substances of concern in our 
processes and activities for an environmentally friendlier, safer and healthier working placeDone through our Chemicals program (page 70)
4.3 Align material management with Hazardous Substances Process Management System Requirements (HSPM 
standard IECQ 080000) and responsible sources initiatives (GeSI: Global e-Sustainability Initiative)HSPM and responsible sourcing in place.
4.4 Within our Loss Prevention Program (Program to ensure our sites have an appropriate level of protection 
against fire, associated perils (smoke, corrosion, heat and water) and other risks), rate all our manufacturing 
and largest non-manufacturing sites HPR (Highly Protected Risk) or APR (Adequately Protected Risk)
In progress, 50% APR, 15% HPR and 35% not yet rated.
4.5 Continuously improve the management of the Supply Chain requesting our suppliers to meet the Social, 
Environmental, Health and Safety ST requirements, including ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 or equivalent 
certificationsDone through our Responsible Supply Chain program (page 76).  
ISO 14001: 82% vs 76% in 2014.  
OHSAS 18001: 45% vs 44% in 2014.
Energy Management
5.1 Continuously improve energy efficiency at equivalent production level (kWh per production unit) through 
process and facilities optimization, conservation and building design
Reduction of 6% average vs 2014 up to 2019, but an increase 
of 2% in 2020 (vs 2014) due to production loading impacted by 
COVID-19 pandemic.
5.2 Adopt, whenever possible, renewable energy sources through energy procurement and/or green energy 
installationsOur use of renewable energy increased from 19.7% in 2014 to 
39.6% in 2020.
5.3 Design and assess all new building and manufacturing sites according to ‘LEEDTM’ (Leadership in Energy and 
Environmental Design) or equivalent standard
Best-in-class environmental standards used in the design of new 
manufacturing facility in Agrate, Italy, but not LEEDTM certified. 
5.4 Integrate energy efficiency performance as a key criteria for design and execution of new facility projects Old equipment systematically replaced with new energy-efficient 
technology for all facilities projects.
Water Management
6.1 Continuously improve water efficiency at equivalent production level through water saving programs and 
water recycling projects (cubic meters per production unit)41% of water reused in 2020 vs 43% in 2014. 4% increase in water 
consumption per unit of production since 2014.
6.2 Control any risks of pollution before discharging wastewater into the natural environment All wastewater is treated on-site or externally in dedicated 
treatment plants (page 66).
6.3 Assess and evaluate the water stress assessment of all our manufacturing sites considering local constraints Done. External assessment in 2014, to be reconducted in 2021. 
Regular internal assessments.
GHG and Air Emissions
7.1 Direct emissions (Scope 1 is defined in the GHG Protocol): reduce PFCs emissions (tons CO2 per production 
unit) by 30% in 2020 from 2010 baseline-25% vs 2010.
7.2 Indirect emissions (Scope 2 is defined in the GHG Protocol) : decrease CO2 indirect emissions (tons CO2 per 
production unit) through our energy management programs (see section 5)-35% vs 2014, due to renewable energies.
7.3 Transportation emissions (Scope 3 is defined in the GHG Protocol): reduce CO2 emissions (tons CO2 per 
production unit) from transportation and logistics for our products, materials and employees
-36% vs 2014, largely due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
(-2% in 2019 vs 2014).
7.4 Continue to compensate our direct emissions through reforestation programs and/or compensation voluntary 
projectsDone through our reforestation program (page 62).
7.5 Treat air emissions in appropriate abatement systems to control risks of pollution before discharging them into 
the natural environmentImproved our abatement systems at Agrate (Italy), Catania (Italy), 
Crolles (France) and Ang Mo Kio (Singapore) sites for Perfluorinated 
Compounds and Volatile Organic Compounds.
Waste Management
8.1 Strive to reduce to zero the quantity of hazardous waste in landfill (except where legally required) 2.0% of hazardous waste sent to landfill vs 4.2% in 2014.
8.2 Remain among the best in class companies with a reuse and recycle waste rate at 90% or more Reached 94% in 2019, decreased to 88.1% in 2020 due to 
pandemic situation (page 67).
8.3 Remain among the best in class companies with landfilled waste rate at 3% or less Reached 3.4% in 2019, increased to 6% in 2020 due to pandemic 
situation.
8.4 Strive to minimize our product packing waste generation
 Punctual actions implemented on some sites.
Measurement and Validation
9.1 Continuously monitor our progress, including periodic audits of all our largest sites worldwide and cooperation 
with external stakeholdersDone see ST Site certifications (page 39). 
9.2 Maintain EHS certifications and validations (ISO 14001, ISO 14064 for scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (as 
defined in the GHG Protocol), ISO 50001, OHSAS 18001 and EMAS) of all our sites
Certified for ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001/ ISO 45001, EMAS, ISO 
50001 but did not maintain ISO 14064 certification  
(ST site certifications page 39).
9.3 Certify and validate new manufacturing sites within 18 months of their operational start-up 
 Not applicable, no new manufacturing sites.
Regulation and Compliance
10.1 Comply at all of our locations (including housing services provided) with all applicable national, regional and 
local Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) regulationsMonitored through third party audits, with corrective actions where 
necessary.
10.2 Meet at all of our locations, the most stringent of, either their national/local EHS regulations, or the Company 
EHS policies and procedures Monitored through internal audits, with corrective actions where 
necessary.
10.3 Ensure compliance to EHS legal requirements for all products delivered worldwide Done.
10.4 Strive towards ‘green procurement’ and purchase Eco-LabelTM or other ‘green label’ (when available) 
materials and productsEnvironmental questionnaire sent to key suppliers, policy not yet 
in place.
10.5 Establish long standing partnerships with our customers to comply to their sustainability and EHS requirements Done.
86
Each year, we receive external recognition for our sustainability practices. here are some examples.Awards 2020 overview
The Conference of Deans of French 
schools of Engineering (CDEFI) 
awarded Cécile Charrel, engineer at 
our Grenoble site (France) Woman 
Engineer of the Year. The award 
recognizes women’s commitment to 
their profession and to society. It also 
highlights the strong engagement of 
Cécile, who is the co-founder of an 
association that introduces girls and 
boys to science through hands-on 
workshops.Hélène Wehbe-Alause, Director of 
R&D at our Crolles site (France), won 
the R&D Woman of 2020 award from 
the French magazine ‘Usine Nouvelle’. 
The award recognizes her problem-
solving skills, her technical expertise in 
integrated circuits and micro-sensors, 
and her operational excellence.Top Business Leader  
award
Environmental award Most honest and socially 
responsible 
enterpriseOur Agrate and Castelletto sites (Italy) 
were recognized, by the Italian Ministry 
of the Environment, for the best EMAS 
promotion initiative for stakeholders, for 
creating an environmental statement to 
raise awareness among young people. 
Aimed at children between 9 and  
10 years old and distributed in 
schools, it provides certified data and 
information on ST’s environmental 
commitments and performance.Our Shenzhen site (China) participated 
in a corporate social responsibility 
evaluation by the local authority, which 
consisted of a comprehensive review 
of the company’s social responsibility 
development and implementation. The 
experts who conducted the on-site 
review and interviews rated the site 
as a four-star enterprise and as the 
‘most honest and socially responsible 
enterprise’ in 2020.The French magazine ‘Challenges’ 
ranked ST President and CEO 
Jean-Marc Chery Top Business 
Leader for his commitment to gender 
equality and climate change issues. 
The award was made in conjunction 
with ODDO BHF bank and the Statista 
Institute, using data from the French 
Ministry of Labor, based on corporate 
performance criteria such as growth, 
profitability, greenhouse gas emissions, 
gender equality and resilience.
Woman Engineer of 
the Year
The Top Employers Institute has 
recognized ST as a Top Employer 2021 
in France. This certification, based on 
an evaluation in 2020, recognizes our 
programs for professional integration 
and inclusion, equal opportunities, 
employability, and quality of life  
at work.Top Employer Certification 
for FranceST women win in industry
87Our Rousset site 
(France) tied for first 
prize at the 2020 
Corporate Social 
Responsibility 
Awards organized 
by the Provence-
Alpes-Côte d’Azur region. This award 
recognizes the site’s efforts and 
results in protecting the environment, 
developing the skills of its employees 
and supporting the ecosystem through 
economic development and solidarity 
initiatives.
Jit Lee Lim, Human Resources Director 
at our Ang Mo Kio site (Singapore) 
received the Medal of Commendation 
(May Day Awards 2020) during the 
National Trade Union Congress of 
the United Workers of Electronics & 
Electrical Industries of Singapore. This 
award recognizes Jit Lee’s commitment 
to the fair remuneration of employees 
and for developing structured training 
programs.
Top Job – Best Employers
Our Agrate 
and Castelletto 
sites (Italy) 
also received 
the Workplace 
Health Promotion 
award. This 
award from 
the Lombardy 
region and 
Confindustria 
recognizes 
the application of European Network 
for Workplace Health Promotion 
standards, as well as our commitment 
to improving health and well-being in 
the workplace. 
Our Bouskoura site (Morocco) received 
a certificate of excellence at the fourth 
edition of the Professional Equality 
Trophy, organized by the Ministry 
of Employment and Professional 
Integration. This recognizes the site’s 
commitment to professional equality 
and equal opportunities across a broad 
range of areas, including promotion 
and career development, recruitment 
of female engineers, and women in 
management positions, as well as our 
Women in Leadership program.ST Italy is among the 300 winners 
of Top Job – Best Employers 2021 
and has been ranked as one of the 
10 most attractive companies in the 
electronics sector. The award comes 
from a study in 2020 based on social 
listening, an innovative methodology 
that analyzes fragments of online 
texts on topics such as training, work 
atmosphere, personal and professional 
development, career progression and 
sustainability.
In July 2020, ST received an 
Outstanding Partner award from 
Mindray for its partnership and support 
during the COVID-19 pandemic. We 
partnered with Mindray to address the 
lack of medical equipment, including 
medical ventilators and blood infusion 
pumps, by supplying semiconductors 
such as microcontrollers, EEPROMs 
and discrete devices, which are 
fundamental components of medical 
applications.
Our Grenoble site (France) was 
awarded first prize in its category 
(more than 1,000 employees) in the 
10th edition of a mobility challenge 
organized by the Auvergne-Rhône-
Alpes region. The award demonstrates 
the site’s commitment and actions to 
encourage green commuting.
Workplace Health Promotion  
award
Equality trophy for BouskouraOutstanding Partner award Green commuting trophy
CSR regional awardMay Day award
Logitech rewarded ST for sustainability 
leadership, recognizing us as a leading 
company in the semiconductor industry 
with an outstanding commitment 
to sustainability. ST also received 
a special award for support during 
COVID-19, highlighting our exemplary 
response to their demand despite 
supply and value chain disruptions 
caused by the pandemic.Double reward from Logitech 
for sustainability leadership

88GRI Content Index l 102-55 l
GRI 101: Foundation 2016
General Disclosures Disclosure Page number(s)/URL(s)
GRI 102:  
General  
Disclosures  
2016Organization profile
102-1 Name of the organization About this report (page 2)
102-2 Activities, brands, products, and servicesST at a glance (page 4) / Business model (page 7) / ST Products and Solutions (page 8) /  
2020 Annual Report (Form-20F) at http://investors.st.com (page 20)
102-3 Location of headquarters About this report (page 2)
102-4 Location of operations ST at a glance (page 4)
102-5 Ownership and legal form Governance (page 14)
102-6 Markets servedST Products and Solutions (page 8) / Business indicators (page 39) / 2020 Annual Report 
(Form-20F) at http://investors.st.com (pages 20 to 24)
102-7 Scale of the organizationST at a glance (page 4) / Business indicators (page 39)   
2020 Annual Report (Form-20F) at http://investors.st.com (pages 20 to 24)
102-8 Information on employees and other workers People indicators (page 53)
102-9 Supply chain Business model (page 7) / Responsible Supply Chain (page 77)
102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain About this report (page 2)
102-11 Precautionary Principle and approach Our approach to the environment (page 59)
102-12 External initiativesAbout this report (page 2) / Innovation (page 31) / Our approach to the environment (page 59)  
International Standards (page 90)
102-13 Membership of associations Governance (page 15) / International Standards (page 90) /  
Involvement in Industrial and International Organizations at www.st.com
Strategy
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker Foreword by our President and CEO (page 5)
Ethics and integrity
102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Ethics and Compliance (page 16) / ST’s Code of Conduct on www.st.com
Governance
102-18 Governance structure Governance (pages 14 and 15)
Stakeholder engagement
102-40 List of stakeholder groups Stakeholder engagement (page 24)
102-41 Collective bargaining agreements People indicators (page 55)
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders Stakeholder engagement (page 24)
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement Stakeholder engagement (page 24)
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised Stakeholder engagement (page 24)
Reporting practices
102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements Governance (page 14)
102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries About this report (page 2) / Sustainability strategy (page 22)
102-47 List of material topics Sustainability strategy (page 23)
102-48 Restatements of information About this report (page 2)
102-49 Changes in reporting About this report (page 2)
102-50 Reporting period About this report (page 2)
102-51 Date of most recent report About this report (page 2)
102-52 Reporting cycle About this report (page 2)
102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report About this report (page 2)
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards About this report (page 2)
102-55 GRI content index GRI Content Index (pages 88 and 89)
102-56 External assurance About this report (page 2) / Assurance statement (pages 94 and 95)
Material topics Disclosure Page number(s)/URL(s) Omission
Sustainable Profit
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23)
103-2 The management approach and its components Sustainable Financial Performance (page 28)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Sustainable Financial Performance (page 28)
GRI 201: Economic  
performance 2016
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributedOur business model (page 7) / Business indicators (page 39)
People indicators (page 54) / Communities indicators (page 84) 
2020 Annual Report (20F) at http://investors.st.com (pages 39, 45, 49)Payment to  
government by 
country not appli -
cable as considered 
not relevant
Energy & Climate Change
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23) / Energy and Climate Change (page 60)
103-2 The management approach and its components Our approach to the environment (page 59)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Our approach to the environment (page 59)
GRI 302:  
Energy 2016302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Environmental indicators (page 73)
302-3 Energy intensity Environmental indicators (pages 73 and 74)
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Environmental indicators (page 73)
GRI 305:  
Emissions 2016305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Energy and Climate Change (page 60) / Environmental indicators (page 73)
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Energy and Climate Change (page 60) / Environmental indicators (page 73)
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Energy and Climate Change (page 60) / Environmental indicators (page 73)
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Energy and Climate Change (page 61)  this report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards, core option.
89
I 102-55 I
Material topics Disclosure Page number(s)/URL(s)
Water
GRI 303:  
Water and Effluents 2018303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Water (page 64)
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Water (page 66)
303-3 Water withdrawal Water (page 64) / Environmental indicators (page 74)
Waste
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23) 
103-2 The management approach and its components Waste (page 67)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Our approach to the environment (page 59)
GRI 306: Effluents and 
Waste 201s306-2 Waste by type and disposal method Waste (page 67) / Environmental indicators (page 74)
306-3 Significant spills Environmental indicators (page 74)
Chemicals
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23)
103-2 The management approach and its components Our approach to the environment (page 59) / Chemicals (page 70)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Our approach to the environment (page 59) / Chemicals (page 70)
Responsible Supply Chain
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23) / Responsible Supply Chain (page 77)
103-2 The management approach and its components Responsible Supply Chain (page 77)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Responsible Supply Chain (page 78)
GRI 204: Procurement-
Practices 2016204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers Responsible Supply Chain (page 77)
GRI 308:  
Supplier Environmental  
Assessment 2016308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Communities indicators (page 83)
308-2Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain 
and actions takenResponsible Supply Chain (pages 77 and 78) / Communities indicators (page 83)
GRI 414: Supplier Social 
Assessment 2016414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Communities indicators ( page 83)
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Responsible Supply Chain (pages 77 and 78) / Communities indicators (page 83)
Talent Attraction and Engagement
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23) / Talent Attraction and Engagement (page 47)
103-2 The management approach and its components Talent Attraction and Engagement (page 48)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Talent Attraction and Engagement (page 49)
GRI 401:  
Employment 2016401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover People indicators (pages 53 and 54)
GRI 404: Training and 
Education 2016404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee People indicators (page 55)
404-3Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 
development reviewsPeople indicators (pages 54 and 55)
Health & Safety
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23) / Health and Safety (page 41)
103-2 The management approach and its components Health and Safety (page 42)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Health and Safety (page 43)
GRI 403: Occupational 
Health and Safety 2018403-9 Work-related injuries Health and Safety (pages 42 and 43) / People indicators (pages 56 and 57)
403-10 Work-related ill health Health and Safety (page 42) / People indicators (page 57)
Diversity & Inclusion
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23) / Diversity and Inclusion (page 50)
103-2 The management approach and its components Diversity and Inclusion (page 50)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Diversity and Inclusion (page 50)
GRI 405: Diversity and 
Equal Opportunity 2016405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Diversity and Inclusion (page 51) / People indicators (pages 53 and 54)
Labor & Human Rights
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability Strategy (page 23) / Labor and Human Rights (page 44)
103-2 The management approach and its components Labor and Human Rights (page 45)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Labor and Human Rights (page 45)
GRI 412: Human Rights 
Assessment 2016412-1Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact 
assessmentsPeople indicators (page 56)
Sustainable Technology
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23) / Sustainable Technology (page 33)
103-2 The management approach and its components Sustainable Technology (page 33)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Sustainable Technology (page 33)
GRI 417: Marketing and 
Labeling 2016417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling Sustainable Technology (page 34) / Business Indicators (page 39)
Innovation
GRI 103: Mana gement 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23) / Innovation (page 30)
103-2 The management approach and its components Innovation (page 30)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Innovation (pages 31 and 32)
Customer Satisfaction
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23) 
103-2 The management approach and its components Customer Satisfaction  (page 37) / Customer Satisfaction (page 36)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Customer Satisfaction  (page 37)
Community and Education
GRI 103: Management 
Approach 2016103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries Sustainability strategy (page 23) / Community and Education (page 80)
103-2 The management approach and its components Community and Education (page 81)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Community and Education (page 80)
90International 
standards
  l 102-12 l 102-13 l
Alignment of S t sustainability programs with the United Nations Global compact (UNG c) 10 principles
United Nations Global Compact 10 principles ST Sustainability programs
Human rightsPrinciple 1
 Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally  
proclaimed human rights; and • Labor and Human Rights 
• Responsible Supply Chain
• Community and Education
Principle 2
 make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.
 • Labor and Human Rights 
• Responsible Supply Chain
LaborPrinciple 3
 Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition  
of the right to collective bargaining;• Labor and Human Rights 
• Responsible Supply Chain
Principle 4
 the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsor
y labor; • Labor and Human Rights
Principle 5
 the effective abolition of child labor; and • Labor and Human Rights
Principle 6
 the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.• Labor and Human Rights 
• Talent Attraction and Engagement
• Diversity and Inclusion
EnvironmentPrinciple 7
 Businesses should support a precautionar
y approach to environmental challenges; • Sustainable Technology
Principle 8
 undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and• Energy and Climate Change
• Water
• Waste 
• Chemicals 
• Sustainable Technology
Principle 9
 encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.
 • Innovation 
• Sustainable Technology
Anti-corruption Principle 10
 Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms,
 including extortion and bribery. • Ethics and Compliance
ISO 26000: 2010 standards ST Sustainability programs
6.2 Or ganizational governance • Governance
6.3
 Human rights• Labor and Human Rights 
• Responsible Supply Chain 
• Diversity and Inclusion 
• Community and Education
6.4
 Labor pr
actices • Talent Attraction and Engagement
•Health and Safety
6.5
 The environment • Energy and Climate Change
• Water
• Waste 
• Chemicals 
•Sustainable Technology
• Responsible Supply Chain
6.6
 Fair oper
ating practices• Ethics and Compliance 
• Responsible Supply Chain
6.7
 Consumer issues • Customer Satisfaction
•Sustainable Technology
6.8
 Community involvement and development • Community and Education 
• Innovation
• Sustainable Financial PerformanceAlignment of S t Sustainability programs with the ISO 26000 guidelinesST has been a signatory to the Global Compact since 2000 and a member of the Responsible Business Alliance since 2005. 
In addition to following these standards, we also adhere to the following international guidelines and standards: International Labor Organization Conventions; United Nations Global Compact Principles; United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights; Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises; International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 26000; Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series (OHSAS) 18001; ISO 14001; Eco-Management and Audit Scheme (EMAS); ISO 50001; ISO 31000; ISO 22301 and International Electrotechnical Commission Quality Assessment System for Electronic Systems (IECQ) QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management (HSPM).
91TCFD
Disclosure TCFD recommended 
disclosureST description Disclosure location
Governance Disclose the organization’s 
governance around climate-
related risks and opportunities.Overall responsibility for sustainability lies our President, Human 
Resources and Corporate Social Responsibility, who chairs our 
Sustainability Council and updates our President and CEO at 
quarterly Executive Committee meetings.  
Our President and CEO regularly updates our Supervisory Board on 
our sustainability risks and opportunities, including climate-related 
risks, as well as our sustainability strategy and performance.Governance (page 15)
Strategy Disclose the actual and 
potential impacts of climate-
related risks and opportunities 
on the organization’s 
businesses, strategy, and 
financial planning where such 
information is material.In December 2020, we announced our goal to become carbon 
neutral by 2027.  
Our Sustainable Technology program aims to design and 
manufacture innovative products that provide society with 
environmental benefits. Our 2027 goal is to generate 33% of ST’s 
revenues from our responsible products.Risk management (page 21) 
Sustainability strategy (page 22) 
Sustainable Technology (page 34) 
Energy and Climate Change (page 60) 
2020 Annual Report (Form-20F)  
at http://investors.st.com (page 16)
Risk 
ManagementDisclose how the organization 
identifies, assesses, and 
manages climate-related risks.Our overall approach to risk management is aligned with ISO 31000 
and described in our sustainability and financial reports. Company-
level sustainability risks are fully integrated into our Enterprise 
Risk Management program. It enables us to perform systemic 
identification, evaluation and treatment of risk scenarios, allowing 
us to set our Company strategy, manage our performance, and 
capitalize on opportunities.Risk management (page 21) 
Sustainability strategy (page 22) 
Sustainable Technology (page 34) 
Energy and Climate Change (page 60) 
2020 Annual Report (Form-20F) at 
http://investors.st.com (page 16)
Metrics and 
targetsDisclosure of the metrics and 
targets used to assess and 
manage relevant climate-
related risks and opportunities 
where such information is 
material.ST follows the GHG protocol for managing and reporting its GHG 
emissions.  
Our roadmap to carbon neutrality includes two specific targets 
validated by the Science Based Targets initiative and in compliance 
with the 1.5°C scenario defined at the Paris COP21: 50% reduction 
of direct and indirect emissions compared to 2018 by 2025, and 
the sourcing of 100% renewable energy by 2027.Sustainable Technology (page 34) 
Energy and Climate Change (page 60) 
Environmental indicators (page 73)SASB and TCFD indexes
Our disclosures are aligned with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) frameworks.
SASB disclosure indicators
Code Topic Accounting metric ST 2020 data and/or disclosure location
TC-SC-110a.1 GHG emissions (1) Gross global Scope 1 emissions and  
(2) amount of total emissions from perfluorinated compounds(1) 486,304 Metric tons 
(2) 431,576 Metric tons CO2 eq
TC-SC-110a.2 GHG emissions Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage 
Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of 
performance against those targetsEnergy and Climate Change (page 60)
TC-SC-130a.1 Energy management in 
manufacturing(1) Total energy consumed,  
(2) percentage grid electricity,  
(3) percentage renewable(1) 9,452,633 GJ 
(2) 92.3% 
(3) 39.6%
TC-SC-140a.1 Water management (1) Total water withdrawn,  
(2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with High 
or Extremely High baseline water stress(1) 20,222 thousand m3 
(2) 34,055 thousand m3 
4% of water withdrawn in water stress region
TC-SC-150a.1 Waste management Amount of hazardous waste from manufacturing, percentage 
recycled(1) 19,605 tons of hazardous waste from 
manufacturing (2) 95.3% of hazardous waste recycled
TC-SC-320a.1 Employee health and safety Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce exposure of 
employees to human health hazardsHealth and Safety (page 41) 
Chemicals (page 70)
TC-SC-320a.2 Employee health and safety Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with employee health and safety violations~US$3,160  
Fines in 2020 (page 57)
TC-SC-330a.1 Recruiting & Managing a Global 
& Skilled WorkforcePercentage of employees that are  
(1) foreign nationals and 
(2) located offshoreST's sutainability report includes headcount by region,  
by gender, by category (page 53).  
Percentage of foreign nationals is not disclosed.
TC-SC-410a.1 Product lifecycle management Percentage of products by revenue that contain IEC 62474 
declarable substancesWe do not disclose this information. Our approach 
to product hazardous substances is available in 
Sustainable Technology (page 34) and Chemicals 
(page 70).
TC-SC-410a.2 Product lifecycle management Processor energy efficiency at a system-level for:  
(1) servers, (2) desktops and (3) laptopsWe do not track this information.  
This is not applicable to our business.
TC-SC-440a.1 Materials sourcing Description of the management of risks associated with the use of 
critical materialsResponsible mineral sourcing (page 79).  
Conflict minerals reports on  
www.st.com/conflict-free_minerals.
TC-SC-520a.1 Intellectual property protection 
and competitive behaviorTotal amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with anti-competitive behavior regulations2020 Annual Report (Form-20F) at  
http://investors.st.com (page F-56) 
ST supports the SDG
92SDG Target ST Sustainability 
programIndicators page
Good health and well-being 
3.8  Achieve universal health coverage, including financial risk protection, access to quality essential  
health-care services and access to safe, effective, quality and affordable essential medicines and vaccines for all  Health and Safety 56
3.9  By 2030, substantially reduce the number of deaths and illnesses from hazardous chemicals and air, water and soil pollution and contaminationWaste Chemicals73
Ensure inclusive and quality education for all and promote lifelong learning  
4.3 By 2030, ensure equal access for all women and men to affordable and quality technical,  vocational and tertiary education, including universityTalent Attraction and EngagementCommunity and Education55
82
Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls
5.5 Ensure women’s full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of 
decision-making in political, economic and public lifeDiversity and Inclusion 51 and 54
Clean water and sanitation  
6.3  By 2030, improve water quality by reducing pollution, eliminating dumping and minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, halving the proportion of untreated wastewater and  substantially increasing recycling and safe reuse globallyWaste  Chemicals73 and 74
6.4  By 2030, substantially increase water-use efficiency across all sectors and ensure sustainable withdrawals and supply of freshwater to address water scarcity and substantially reduce the number of people suffering from water scarcityWater 64 and 74
Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all  
7.3  By 2030, double the global rate of improvement in energy efficiency Energy and Climate Change 73
Promote inclusive and sustainable economic growth, employment and decent work for all 
8.7  Take immediate and effective measures to eradicate forced labor, end modern slavery and human  trafficking and secure the prohibition and elimination of the worst forms of child labor, including recruitment and use of child soldiers, and by 2025 end child labor in all its formsLabor and Human RightsResponsible Supply Chain46 and 56
83 and 84
8.8  Protect labor rights and promote safe and secure working environments for all workers, including migrant workers, in particular women migrants, and those in precarious employmentHealth and SafetyLabor and Human RightsResponsible Supply Chain56 and 83
Build resilient infrastructure, promote sustainable industrialization and foster innovation 
9.5  Enhance scientific research, upgrade the technological capabilities of industrial sectors in all  countries, in particular developing countries, including, by 2030, encouraging innovation and  substantially increasing the number of research and development workers per 1 million people  and public and private research and development spendingInnovation 39
Reduce inequality within and among countries
10.2  By 2030, empower and promote the social, economic and political inclusion of all, irrespective  of age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion or economic or other statusDiversity and Inclusion Community and Education54 and 55
Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns
12.4  By 2020, achieve the environmentally sound management of chemicals and all wastes  throughout their life cycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, and significantly reduce their release to air, water and soil in order to minimize their adverse impacts on human health and the environmentChemicals 71 and 74
Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts
13.1  Strengthen resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related hazards and natural disasters in all countriesEnergy and Climate Change 61 and 73
Revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development – Multi-stakeholder partnerships 
17.16  Enhance the global partnership for sustainable development, complemented by multi-stakeholder partnerships that mobilize and share knowledge, expertise, technology and financial resources,  to support the achievement of the sustainable development goals in all countriesLabor and Human rights 46
93Glossary
20-F Annual report filed with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC)
3TG Tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold
AC Alternative Current
ADAS Advanced Driver Assistance System
AI Artificial Intelligence
ASSP Application Specific Standard Products
Back-end 
(BE)Second phase of manufacturing during which the silicon chip is mounted 
in a package
BCMS Business Continuity Management System
CCT Corporate Crisis Team
CDP Carbon Disclosure Project
CSR   Corporate Social Responsibility
DC Direct Current
DJSI Dow Jones Sustainability Indices
EHS Environmental, Health & Safety
ELV End of Life Vehicles
EMAS Eco-Management and Audit Scheme
EMEA Europe, Middle East & Africa
ERM Enterprise Risk Management
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance
ESIA European Semiconductor Industry Association
EVP Employer Value Proposition
FD-SOI Fully Depleted Silicon-On-Insulator
FIAM Adapted Training For Trades Apprenticeship
Front-end 
(FE)First phase of the production cycle involving the manufacturing of circuits 
on a silicon wafer
FTSE4GOOD  Financial Times and Stock Exchange responsible index
GaN Gallium Nitride
GWP Global Warming Potential
GHG Greenhouse Gases
GRI Global Reporting Initiative
HSPM Hazardous Substance Process Management
IECQ International Electrotechnical Commission Quality
IGBT Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor
IoT Internet of Things
IPCC Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
ISS Institutional Shareholder ServicesKPI Key Performance Indicator
LCA Lifecycle Assessment
LWDC Lost Workdays Cases
MEMS Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems
MOSFET Metal Oxide Semiconductor Field Effect Transistor
MTCE Metric Tons of Carbon Equivalent
NYSE New York Stock Exchange
OECD Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
OEM Original Equipment Manufacturer
OHSAS Occupational Health & Safety Assessment Series (OHSAS 18001)
PFCs Perfluorinated Compounds
PFOA Perfluorooctanic Acid
POC  Proof Of Concept
PPA Power Purchase Agreements
PROUD  Practice Remotely Our Unique Determination
RBA Responsible Business Alliance
RC Recordable Case
REACH Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals
RF Radio Frequency
RMI Responsible Mineral Initiative
RoHS Restriction of Hazardous Substances
SAQ Self-Assessment Questionnaires
SASB Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
SDGs Sustainable Development Goals
SiC Silicon Carbide
STEM Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics
SVHC Substances of Very High Concern
TCFD Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
UNGC United Nations Global Compact
VOC Volatile Organic Compounds
WEEE Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment
WFD Waste Framework Directive
WIL Women In Leadership
WSC World Semiconductor Council
WWF World Wildlife Fund
94I 102-56 IExternal assurance statement
 
 
Statement n. STAT -14943 -2021 -CSR-FRA-DNV 
DNV GL Business Assurance France  – Parc Technoland , ZI Champ Dolin , 1 allée du Lazio – 69800 Saint Priest - FR – www.dnvgl.fr  
Page 1 of 2 
STMicroelectronics NV – 2021  Sustainability Report  – 2020 Performance  
Independent Assurance Statement  
 
Introduction  
DNV GL Business Assurance France Sarl (‘DNV GL’) was commissioned by the Management of STMicroelectronics NV 
(‘ST’) to undertake an independent assurance of the Company’s 2021 Sustainability Report  - 2020 Performance 
(‘Report’) including  the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)  - Sustainability Reporting Standard s. 
ST is responsible for the collection, analysis, aggregation and presentation of information contained in the Report. The 
assurance engagement assumes that the data and information provided in good faith by ST are complete, sufficient and 
authentic.  
Our responsibility in performing the work commissioned, in accordance with the terms of reference agreed on with ST, 
is solely towards ST’s Management.  
This Independent Assurance Statement is intended solely for the information an d use of ST’s stakeholders and  is not 
intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than these specified parties.  
 
Scope of Assurance   
The scope of work agreed on with ST includes the following aspects:  
• Analysis, in accordance with a Moderate  level of Assurance, of data and activities related to sustainability between 
January and December 20 20, as contained in the Report . 
• Evaluation of GRI Sustainability Reporting Standard s principles and requirements . 
• Evaluation of specific sustainabil ity performance with regards to indicators defined by the GRI Sustainability 
Reporting Standard s, for the “Co re” option.  
We understand that the financial data and information  reported , are based on data from the “2020 Statutory Annual 
Report including IFRS Financial Statements ”, available on ST’s website  (http://investors.st.com ). The review of financial 
data from the Annual Report and Accounts was not within the scope of our work.  
 
Verification methodology  
Our assurance engagement was conducted  in accordance with the DNV GL protocol for verification ’VeriSustain’, which 
is based on our professional experience and international assurance best practice. These documents require, inter alia, 
that the assurance team possesses the specific knowledge, skills and professional competencies needed for an assurance 
engagement regarding susta inability information, and that the team complies with ethical requirements to ensure its 
independence.  
In accordance with the Protocol, available on demand on our website*, the Report was evaluated by considering the 
following criteria:  
• Adherence to the principles of GRI Sustainability Reporting Standard s. 
• ISAE 3000, for the assessment of non -financial information.  
 
Our verification was carried out from 1 0th February  to 4th March  2021. As part of this engagement we audited  selected 
sites based on their contribution whi ch represents 37,5% of the Group’s consolidated environmental data and 22,4% 
of consolidated social data : 
• The Corporate Functions  
• The Back -end manufacturing in Kirkop (Malta ) 
• The Front-end manufacturing in Ang Mo Kio (Singapore ) 
• The Front -end manufacturing in Catania  (Italy) 
Site audits in Kirkop and Catania  were conducted remotely, in light of  the COVID -19 pandemic and in consideration of 
the welfare of all individuals participating in this verification program.  Site audit in Ang Mo Kio was conducted partially 
on-site, by a local Auditor, and partially remotely by the Lead Auditor.  
We reviewed  the sustainability -related statements and claims as part of the verification made in the Report as well as 
assessing the strength of the underlying data management system, information flows and controls.  
We performed sample -based audits of the following:  
• Mechanisms for the implementation of its sustainability policies, as described in the Report . 
• Processes for determining the materiality of the contents to be included in the Report . 
• Processes for generating, gathering and managing the quantitative and qua litative data included in the Report.  
We interviewed the Corporate Sustainabil ity Team and more than  50 company representatives (including data owners 
and decision- makers from various  divisions and functions)  who were involved in the operational management of matters 
covered in the 202 1 Report.  
In addition, we intervi ewed three different stakeholders  on their relations with the Company . 
We evaluated the performance data using the materiality, stakeholder inclu siveness, responsiveness, completeness, 
accuracy, reliabilit y, neutrality  & balance and sustainability context  principles, together with ST protocols for how the 
95I 102-56 I
 
 
Statement n. STAT -14943 -2021 -CSR-FRA-DNV 
DNV GL Business Assurance France  – Parc Technoland , ZI Champ Dolin , 1 allée du Lazio – 69800 Saint Priest - FR – www.dnvgl.fr  
Page 2 of 2 
data is measured, recorded and reported.  The performance data within the s cope was  in the form of  Key Performance 
Indicators.  
 
Conclusions  
It is the opinion of DNV GL that the 20 21 ST Sustainability Report is an accurate and impartial representation of the 
Company’s sustainability -related strategies, management systems and performance. 
Based on the work undertaken, nothing came to our attention to suggest that the Report does not properly describe 
ST’s adherence to the Principles . Considering Key Performance Indicators, nothing came to our attention to suggest 
that th is data ha s not been properly collated from information reported at operational level, nor that the assumptions 
used were inappropriate.  
DNV GL believes that the report is in line with the “Core”  option  of the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standard s. Further 
conclusions and observations on the adoption of reporting principles and specified performance information are made 
below, without affecting our assurance opinion.  
 
Stakeholder Inclusiveness:  The stakeholder engagement activities are well structured and  shared within the 
Organization,  with remarkable adherence of programs deployed at local levels with the CSR strategy .  
 
Sustainability Context:  The information and data shown in the Report adequately reflect the strategy, the 
commitments and the activitie s carried out by ST in relation to the sustainability  context  within which the Organization 
operates  at global and local level.  
 
Materiality : The Report  includes the major material aspects concerning the Company’s performance and stakeholders’ 
concerns and adheres to the principle. The contents of the Report are the result of a consolidated mapping of 
stakeholders and a structured process for identifying t he topics they considered relevant . 
 
Completeness : The Report covers material impacts satisfactorily to enable stakeholders  to assess ST’s sustainability 
performance in 20 20. The information contained in the report refers to the structure defined in the boundary ; in the 
case of data attributed to a more limited boundary , the document identifies such restriction precisely by means of  proper 
notes.  
 
Accuracy:  Based on our data an alysis and on the business processes that generate them, the data reported in the 
Report appear s to be t he result of stable and repeatable activities.  The information contained in the Report is therefore 
accurate and detailed.  
 
Balance: The Report is a n impartial description of ST’s sustainability impacts.  The document reflects the Organization’s 
will to represent the activities and results for the reporting year in a way that is balanced and consistent with business 
strategies.  
 
Clarity : The information presented in the report is understandable, accessible  and usable by ST’s stakeholders.  
 
Comparability : The information  reported  enables stakeholders to analyse changes in the organization’s current 
economic, environmental, and social performance against the organization’s past performance . 
 
Reliability:  ST has developed an effective methodology for collecting information to be use d in the Report. The data 
included in the Report subjected to our verification, w as found to be identifiable and traceable.  
 
Timeliness:  ST reports regular ly once a year making information  available  in a timely manner, to allow  stakeholders 
to make informed decisions.  No re statements  were needed for previous disclosures.  
 
DNV GL’s Competence and Independence  
DNV GL is a leading provider of sustainability services, including the verification of sustainability reports. Our 
environmental and social assurance specialists operate in over 100 countries.  
DNV GL was not involved in the preparation of any statements or data included in the Report except for this Assurance 
Statement. DNV GL maintains complete impartiality toward sta keholders interviewed during the verification process.  
DNV GL expressly disclaims any liability or co -responsibility for any decision a person or an entity may make based on 
this Assurance Statement.  
 
For and on behalf of DNV GL Business Assurance France  
8th, March  2021 
 
 
 
Chiara Murano  
Lead Verifier   
 
Zeno Beltrami  
Reviewer  

Reference: BRSTREPORTS2021For more information on ST products and solutions, visit www.st.com
© STMicroelectronics – May 2021 – All rights reserved
ST and the ST logo are registered and/or unregistered trademarks of STMicroelectronics International NV or its affiliates
in the EU and/or elsewhere. In particular, ST and the ST logo are Registered in the US Patent and Trademark Office.  
For additional information about ST trademarks, please refer to www.st.com/trademarks.  
All other product or service names are the property of their respective owners.