ENVIRONMENT 
Sustainability
Seven West Media continues to monitor and measure the effectiveness of sustainable business practices  
across our businesses. Seven West Media has set several internal targets to measure the impact of the inputs 
and outputs of our business activities on the communities and natural systems in which we operate. Along  
with its own initiatives Seven West Media has provided support to several landlord led projects on company 
occupied sites. These included the following during the year: 
•  Seven has completed its first full financial year of reduced electricity consumption at is Melbourne site due 
to the outsourcing of Presentation and Playout services. A 25 per cent (~100,000 kwh per month) reduction 
in electricity consumption was achieved through transition to a modern IP based facility, shared with other 
broadcasters encompassing modern equipment requiring much less energy than Seven’s older technology. 
Seven’s Melbourne technology was gradually decommissioned and sent for recycling. 
•  During the financial year Seven announced it will be vacating its Martin Place tenancy in the Sydney CBD  
and relocating the studio and News and Public Affairs operations to its Eveleigh site south of the Sydney CBD. 
This will see News and Public Affairs take up residency in a 5-star NABERS building with 4 Star Greenstar 
Interiors rating. The final energy saving of this relocation, consolidation and equipment refresh is yet to be 
finalised though it is expected to be significant. 
•  Seven has commenced a project to reduce its energy consumption in drama and News studios with the 
replacement of Tungsten Halogen fittings. The first 110 lights were replaced through the year. Each of these 
Tungsten Halogen fittings on average uses 2000 watts and is be replaced with LED lights with an average 
consumption of 375 watts. 
•  The Seven owned building in Brisbane has commenced a restack and consolidation of staff and areas that will 
see it decommission and not replace four air conditioning units that is forecast to save 390,000 kWh per annum 
with full energy savings realised in early FY22. 
•  Seven has agreed to provide support a project to use the roof area of its Eveleigh studios as a base for a solar 
panel deployment to support all tenants at its Eveleigh site. Final capacity sizing details will be confirmed over 
the coming months. 
•  Standard Newsprint being the paper used to print the West Australian, Sunday Times, Regional and 
Community titles is 99.5 per cent recycled consumer product and the remaining 0.5 per cent was sourced from 
certified plantation forests. 
•  West Australian Newspapers have internal controls in place to ensure that any paper used is not from illegally 
logged timber and any virgin fibre required is sustainable sourced. 
•  The West Australian and The Sunday Times printed waste measure is < 5 per cent per year and all waste  
was recycled. 
•  Waste ink produced in Perth is collected and reprocessed and plant wastewater is processed and 
used for reticulation on site. 
•  Seven West Media has had a goal of reducing the number of motor vehicles in its fleet 5 per cent 
year-on-year since 2015. In 2021 it hit its current year target in March meaning the fleet size 
has been reduced by 26.5 per cent in seven years. 
•  FY21 saw Seven West Media donate or recycle 96 per cent of electronic IT assets through 
certified eCycling companies which reduces landfill by encouraging reuse and recycling  
of equipment. All three suppliers are certified to AS/NZS 5377:2013.