2021  
ANNUAL 
ESG REPORT
Corporate  
Stewardship
TRIM AREA TRIM AREA
Talos Energy is a leading offshore energy 
company focused on offshore oil and 
gas exploration and production as well 
as the development of future carbon 
capture and storage opportunities in the 
United States Gulf Coast, Gulf of Mexico 
and offshore Mexico.
NYSE: TALO
TALOS ENERGY 2
TRIM AREA TRIM AREA
Letter to Stakeholders
About this Report
Our Company
Safety
Environment
Social
Governance
Appendix A - Data Tables
Appendix B - GRI/SASB Index
Appendix C - References
Appendix D - TSOP
Appendix E - Forward Looking Statements
ESG REPORT 3Table of Contents
TALOS 2021 ESG REPORT
5
6
7
18
26
36
42
51
57
61
62
63Passion in Our Pursuit  
Moving Forward in the 21st Century
Talos Energy  
Environment, Social,  
and Governance Report
TALOS ENERGY 4
Recognizing the importance of reducing 
U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, Talos is 
utilizing its expertise to actively develop 
carbon capture and sequestration 
opportunities along the U.S. Gulf Coast.
ESG REPORT 5Letter to Stakeholders
TIMOTHY DUNCAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO
I am very happy to share with you our second annual 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report. Our 
employees are extremely proud of the role Talos plays in our 
communities, including our efforts to lower emissions from 
our own assets as well as launching an important new Carbon 
Capture and Sequestration (CCS) business that will help lower 
industrial emissions in the communities where we live and 
work. In this report we have increased our level of disclosure 
and enhanced our reporting standards. Our Board of Directors 
is fully committed to our evolution from exclusively an offshore 
exploration and production company to a comprehensive energy 
solutions company that safely and responsibly produces the 
energy we need while also participating in the energy transition. 
Our highest commitment is always to keep our workforce 
safe. This was particularly important in 2020 with the 
COVID-19 pandemic. In 2020, our workforce logged over 3.6 
million man-hours with just ten recordable incidents. We also 
reached a milestone of 2.6 million man-hours in our joint 
operations with Helix at the HP-1 Floating Production Unit 
without a single lost time incident. 
In 2018, we established a greenhouse gas emissions intensity 
baseline for our Scope 1 emissions and set a goal of reducing 
those emissions by 30% by 2025. In 2020, we reduced our 
emissions intensity by 20% from our 2018 baseline, leading 
to our establishing a stretch goal of a 40% reduction in our 
emissions intensity by 2025. Also, again in 2020 we did not have a single spill of over a 
barrel. We continue to believe and demonstrate that the Gulf 
of Mexico is a premier basin for environmental stewardship.
We also made strides in corporate responsibility. We 
welcomed Paula Glover to our Board of Directors as 
a diverse female who brings a long history of energy 
advocacy for minority communities. We renamed the 
Board’s Safety Committee the Safety, Sustainability and 
Corporate Responsibility (SSCR) Committee and explicitly 
expanded its scope to include sustainability. And we 
increased the ESG metrics component of management’s 
annual incentive plan to 20% to ensure alignment in 
achieving our sustainability goals.  
But perhaps our most important sustainability milestone 
since our last ESG report has been the establishment of our 
CCS business. We are an early mover in an important and 
evolving sector. We were the only successful bidder in the 
General Land Office of Texas’s auction for the first offshore 
sequestration site in the country. We also established a 
venture to provide a CCS solution to Freeport LNG, one of the 
world’s largest LNG facilities. We are excited to build out a 
competitive, low-carbon business, thereby demonstrating our 
commitment to solving the energy challenges of our time. 
Tim Duncan  
President and Chief Executive Officer
TIMOTHY  
DUNCAN Dear Stakeholders, 
About this Report
SCOPE, BOUNDARIES, ASSURANCE AND HISTORY
TALOS ENERGY 6Report Scope
Talos’s ESG Report describes our environmental,  
social, and governance (ESG) commitments and work  
in four priority areas:
 ■Safety
 ■Environment
 ■Social
 ■Governance
This report provides information on Talos’s ESG programs, 
which  are important to our business, strategy, and planning. 
Our disclosures in this report reference the GRI Standards and 
are mapped to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB) Oil & Gas – Exploration & Production Sustainability 
Accounting Standard.
In 2020, Talos strengthened our ESG commitments with the 
establishment of long-term emissions performance targets 
and changes to executive compensation and governance. The 
establishment and advancement of commitments further 
aligns the interests of all stakeholders as we move forward. 
 ■30% reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
intensity by 2025 as compared to the baseline 2018 
Scope 1 levels reported in our inaugural ESG Report
 ■ESG-driven metrics increased to account for 20%  
of management’s annual incentive plan, with focus  
on safety performance and reducing emissions
 ■Enhancing and renaming the Safety Committee of the 
Board of Directors to the “Safety, Sustainability, and 
Corporate Responsibility Committee”, and clarifying 
that it maintains oversight for ESG and corporate 
responsibility matters 
 ■Electing a new diverse female Director to serve on our 
Board and the newly named Safety, Sustainability, and 
Corporate Responsibility CommitteeBoundaries
This report focuses on Talos’s commitments and practices, 
except where noted.
Reporting Year: We report data related to calendar year 2020 
unless otherwise noted. In some cases, data and information 
related to our corporate responsibility and sustainability 
priority areas include programs and activities underway or 
introduced through the third quarter of 2021.
Reporting History
This is Talos’s second annual ESG Report. Talos’s previous 
report was published in September 2020. 
Assurance
We assure report content through an internal review process, 
including executive oversight of subject matter reviews and 
validation. We also work with a third-party consultant to 
calculate Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions. Such calculations 
are performed in accordance with the methodologies set 
forth in EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Mandatory Reporting Rule (40 
CFR 98) to assure the accuracy and reliability of our Scope 1 
greenhouse gas emissions.
Contact
Please direct questions on this report or topics related to our 
corporate responsibility and sustainability disclosures to 
sustainability@talosenergy.com

ESG REPORT 7Our Company
RESPONSIBLY PRODUCING VITAL ENERGY RESOURCES
Deepwater Continental  
ShelfShale  
OilTight  
OilConventional  
OnshoreHeavy  
OilOil 
Sands
Talos’s natural gas contributes 
to a cleaner society, while our oil 
delivered to Gulf Coast refineries helps 
keep society moving by fueling the 
transportation of people, goods and 
services as well as providing key inputs 
to everyday products and necessities, 
including plastics, chemicals, lubricants 
and countless other products for which 
demand continues to grow worldwide.  
Talos’s production currently originates 
from the Gulf of Mexico, which has one 
of the lowest carbon footprints of any 
producing region around the world.Founded in 2012, Talos is dedicated to providing reliable, affordable energy 
by remaining at the forefront of energy production and exploration in 
offshore basins, including the U.S. and Mexican Gulf of Mexico. We leverage 
our technical expertise in innovative resource evaluation and discovery, 
backed by 100+ years of offshore experience among our executives and 
billions of barrels of resources discovered, to produce the oil and natural 
gas that plays a critical role in today’s global society.
Lowest Emissions Intensity
~20 KgCO₂e/BOEHighest Emissions Intensity
~70 KgCO₂e/BOECarbon Intensity/Barrel by Oil Producing Regions  
Average Scope 1 and 2 Emissions
Source: NOIA; Wood Mackenzie 
Gulf of Mexico
Shelf
East Breaks
Garden BanksGreen Canyon
Walker RidgeAtwater ValleyEwing BankMississippi
CanyonViosca Knoll
DeSoto
Canyon
Keathley CanyonGulf of
MexicoTexasLouisiana
TALOS ENERGY 8 TALOS ENERGY 8Talos Operational Areas
GULF OF MEXICO AND GULF COAST
Talos Acreage
Talos Seismic
CCS Target Area
Talos is committed to leveraging its 
technical, operational and commercial 
expertise to help supply society’s growing 
need for secure, affordable energy while 
being a responsible global citizen and 
building value for all stakeholders.
The Company has an established track 
record of safety, strong ethics and 
community support, and is actively 
expanding its hydrocarbons business 
while investing to expand low-carbon 
initiatives through its carbon capture  
and storage ventures.Talos Energy Mission  
and Corporate Evolution
 
 
Energy Solutions 
Leadership
Exploration  
& ProductionCarbon Capture  
& Sequestration

Gulf of Mexico
Shelf
East Breaks
Garden BanksGreen Canyon
Walker RidgeAtwater ValleyEwing BankMississippi
CanyonViosca Knoll
DeSoto
Canyon
Keathley CanyonGulf of
MexicoTexasLouisiana
ESG REPORT 9Reducing Carbon Through CCS
APPLYING YEARS OF TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Talos is drawing upon its technical and operational expertise to actively develop carbon capture 
and sequestration (“CCS”) opportunities along the U.S. Gulf Coast. The Company has an exclusive 
venture with European CCS leader Storegga Geotechnologies in the U.S. Gulf Coast and, separately, 
along with its partner Carbonvert, was recently selected as the sole winning bidder for the State of 
Texas General Land Office’s first offshore carbon capture and sequestration site, which will make 
Talos one of a very select group of U.S.-listed independent energy companies with a physical 
carbon sequestration site. Talos will be the operator of both the State of Texas site as well as most 
future opportunities developed under the Storegga joint venture. 
In the coming months, Talos aims to identify anchor customers for its General Land Office site, 
while working to identify multiple other storage sites along the Gulf Coast, with the ultimate 
ambition to develop several large-scale CCS projects along the U.S. Gulf Coast providing decades 
of future carbon capture capabilities for one of the country’s largest industrial regions. 
What We Do: We provide energy 
resources to power modern society.
Mission: Talos is committed to utilizing  
its technical, operational and commercial 
expertise to help supply society’s 
growing need for secure, affordable 
energy while working to lower carbon 
emissions from industrial sources, being 
a responsible global citizen and building 
value for all stakeholders.Headquarters: Houston, TX 
Key Markets: Houston, TX;  
Lafayette, LA; Mexico City, Mexico
Employees: 420 at year-end 2020
Operations: U.S. Gulf of Mexico  
and Offshore Mexico
Average Daily Production:  
62.9 (2021 YTD MBoe/d)
2020 Year-End Est. Proved Reserves:  
187.8 MMBoe ($65.00 WTI / $2.50 HH)
Our Operations
AREAS OF FOCUS
TALOS ENERGY 10Talos maintains one of the largest acreage positions in the 
Gulf of Mexico across all key geologic trends in the basin.  
We focus our oil and gas efforts in four primary operating areas: 
Mississippi Canyon – A prolific production area in the 
eastern portion of the Central Gulf of Mexico in which 
we continue to unlock new resources. In this region, we 
operate three production facilities, and we are active as 
both an operator and a non-operating partner in numerous 
development projects and producing fields.
Green Canyon – A key deepwater focus area for our 
exploration activities in the Central Gulf where we operate 
two production facilities, including a floating production unit, 
the Helix Producer I (“HP-I”).
Shelf and Gulf Coast – The U.S. Shelf and Gulf Coast area 
span the basin and provides diverse production from 
multiple facilities. The Shelf area is a mature production 
region with redevelopment, recovery enhancement and 
exploration opportunities.Mexico – Offshore activities in Mexico are primarily in the 
Sureste basin, a proven shallow water province off the coast 
of Mexico’s Veracruz and Tabasco states. Recent Mexico 
discoveries include one of the world’s largest shallow water oil 
discovery in many years at Zama, our 2017 discovery located in 
Block 7, and Xaxamani in Block 31, discovered in 2019.  
Carbon Capture
Talos’s carbon capture venture seeks to leverage the more 
than 30 gigatons of potential carbon storage capacity 
located along the U.S. Gulf Coast to capture and permanently 
sequester carbon emissions from a wide array of industrial 
sources located along the U.S. Gulf Coast, which include over 
100 facilities emitting more than 1,000,000 tons of carbon 
dioxide per year. Talos estimates that its Texas General Land 
Office storage site could ultimately capture 225 – 275 million 
metric tons of carbon dioxide.Talos has historically focused on the Gulf of Mexico, which is one of the 
richest and most productive global oil and gas regions and represents over 
15 percent of total U.S. oil production. Additionally, the Gulf of Mexico has 
significant carbon storage capacity across the entire U.S. Gulf Coast and is 
strategically located in close proximity to several key industrial epicenters, 
providing rich opportunities for future carbon capture projects over time, 
leading to the reduction of the region’s greenhouse gas emissions.

ESG REPORT 11
Our Values
COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE
SAFETY
As a core value, we lead with 
responsibility and reliability by 
prioritizing the safety, health, 
and welfare of our employees, 
contractors, visitors and the public.  ENVIRONMENT
We are committed to fostering 
environmental excellence and 
producing oil and gas in an 
environmentally responsible 
manner that upholds industry 
best practices – through our 
Safety and Environmental 
Management System - helping 
us address and reduce our 
impacts. We are also actively 
working to develop carbon 
capture and storage projects that 
will capture third-party emissions 
from emitters in communities 
along the U.S. Gulf Coast. CONDUCT & ETHICS
Our commitment to integrity, 
trustworthiness, and excellence  
is built on the principles of fair 
and ethical conduct. As more 
fully detailed in our Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics  
and our Human Rights Policy, we 
adhere to the highest standards 
of conduct, personal integrity, 
and human rights in our strict 
adherence to all applicable laws 
and regulations. 
Corporate responsibility, ethics, and respect for our stakeholders are at the 
core of everything we do at Talos. We are proud of our record as a leading 
independent operator in the Gulf of Mexico, and we leverage our culture of 
safety and responsibility to strive to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our 
operations, the environment, and the communities we serve.
We value our employees and are committed to excellence and respect  
in everything we do. This commitment has earned us a rating as a  
Top Workplace on the Houston Chronicle Top Workplaces list for eight 
consecutive years. This report outlines how we translate our core values 
into policies and practices that ensure that our day to day actions  
and operations remain fully aligned with these core values.
Our ESG Strategy and Commitments
CONSTANTLY STRIVING TO IMPROVE
TALOS ENERGY 12Talos is a committed and responsible steward of our assets in the Gulf of 
Mexico. To meet society’s demand for energy, our Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG) strategy focuses on responsibly maintaining safe, 
environmentally protective and socially conscious operations while also 
supporting the communities and stakeholders we serve. 
With these responsibilities as our guide, we are focused 
on transparency in all that we do and have developed ESG 
initiatives that motivate our employees to execute this 
commitment each day. 
In line with our dedication to being a responsible corporate 
citizen, Talos has set the following goals to help strengthen 
our ESG performance: 
 ■A 30% reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity by 
2025, as compared to our baseline 2018 Scope I intensity level
 ■The ESG metrics component of management’s annual 
incentive plan, which includes key initiatives aimed at 
emissions reduction and health and safety performance has 
been increased to 20% 
Further aligning our ESG initiatives and practices,  
we focus our reporting disclosures on four areas: ESG Board Oversight 
We enhanced and re-named the Board of Directors’ Safety 
Committee to become the Safety, Sustainability, and 
Corporate Responsibility Committee (Committee), which 
is the primary committee responsible for overseeing and 
managing our ESG initiatives. Committee members meet 
quarterly to review the implementation and effectiveness  
of our ESG programs and policies. 
The Committee is also responsible for periodically reviewing 
Talos’s safety programs and policies and recommending any 
proposed changes to the Board. In addition, the Committee 
oversees Talos’s compliance with its safety programs and 
policies, reviews safety statistics and trends related to safety 
matters, and reviews significant public policy, legislative 
and regulatory issues and trends related to safety matters.  
Additionally, the Committee is responsible for overseeing 
Talos’s climate-related risks and opportunities, as more fully 
described on pages 48 and 49.
Safety
Environment
Social
Governance
ESG REPORT 13
ESG REPORT 13ENVIRONMENT SOCIAL GOVERNANCE
 ■Environmental Compliance
 ■Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
(Scope 1 and 2)
 ■Water Usage
 ■Energy Consumption
 ■Waste and Waste Reduction ■Safety
 ■Local Community Support
 ■Workforce Diversity
 ■Employment Benefits
 ■Training & Education ■Enterprise Risk Management
 ■Anti-Corruption
 ■Board DiversityUnderstanding our most relevant ESG topics is key to 
informing not only our reporting, but also our ESG strategy 
and engagement with stakeholders. We focus our efforts 
and resources on those areas where we have the greatest 
opportunity to reduce negative impacts. 
To determine our ESG priorities, in 2019 we engaged 
leadership and our internal stakeholders, which included 
employees, contractors, vendors and suppliers, through a 
materiality assessment survey. We also survey our Houston 
employees each year  to solicit their engagement and views.  In 2020, we benchmarked our efforts against peers and 
ratings and rankings frameworks to identify gaps and 
to understand the universe of ESG topics and related 
disclosures. As a result, we prioritized those ESG topics that 
matter most in our industry.
The priority areas, issues and initiatives addressed in this report 
reflect those topics important to our stakeholders as well as 
those topics with the greatest economic, environmental, and 
social impacts on our company.  Recognizing that priorities can 
change, we plan to perform another materiality assessment in 
2022, engaging with our internal and external stakeholders to 
ensure that we continue to report on those ESG priorities that 
are most important to our stakeholders.Determining Reporting Priorities
OUTREACH AND PEER BENCHMARKING
ESG Priorities
Material Topics
Stakeholder Engagement
UNDERSTANDING CURRENT AND EMERGING ESG PRIORITIES
TALOS ENERGY 14At Talos we believe that understanding the views and concerns of our 
stakeholders allows us to focus on our most impactful ESG priorities,  
while also allowing us to understand and address emerging ESG risks  
and opportunities. 
We regularly engage with stakeholders on trending and 
emerging issues that matter to them. This includes, but 
is not limited to, frequent interaction with our equity and credit 
investors, lenders and insurance providers, regular employee 
town halls, events and surveys, open dialogue with regulatory 
and legislative bodies, and strong relationships with our 
operating partners. We actively support our local communities 
through charitable donations and employee volunteer efforts, 
assisting numerous organizations in the Houston and south 
Louisiana regions each year.ESG Partnerships and Memberships
Talos actively engages in and partners with key organizations 
and peer networks addressing ESG topics and issues. Key 
partnerships and engagements include: 
 ■The Offshore Operators Committee – This organization’s 
members include more than 30 offshore operators and the 
organization’s leadership and staff, who work together to 
ensure full understanding of all laws, regulations and rules 
being considered by government agencies and regulators 
with jurisdiction over the offshore energy industry.  The OOC 
engages with regulators concerning matters affecting the 
offshore energy industry.
 ■HWCG – HWCG is a consortium of deepwater operators and 
non-operators in the Gulf of Mexico who have joined together 
to expand capabilities to quickly and comprehensively respond 
to a subsea well containment event to protect people, property 
and the environment.  Having committed to a mutual aid 
agreement, each member of HWCG provides expertise and 
resources that collectively help achieve HWCG’s ultimate goal 
of rapid intervention, response and containment.
 ■The ESG Network of The National Ocean Industries 
Association – This is a  is a programmatic effort to share 
and develop best practices in Environmental, Social and 
Governance principles across the offshore energy industry.
 ■Gulf Coast Carbon Collaborative – This is a cross-industry 
platform designed to mobilize and motivate businesses in 
the Gulf Coast to achieve a measurable, long-term reduction 
of carbon emissions in the region while enhancing economic 
vitality. Some of the strategies being pursued are equipment 
modernization, technological and operational improvements 
and carbon capture and sequestration.Talos is also a member of a number of 
trade associations including:
 ■National Ocean Industries Association
 ■Independent Petroleum Association of America
 ■Louisiana Oil & Gas Association
 ■Offshore Operators Committee
 ■LA-1 Coalition
 ■Gulf Energy Alliance
 ■OCS Advisory Board
 ■The Associatión Mexicana de Empresas  
de Hidrocarburos

ESG REPORT 15Supporting the United Nations
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS
The United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) provide  
a blueprint for governments, businesses, and civil society organizations  
to address the most pressing global environmental and social issues.  
1 
No 
Poverty  
 
UN SDGs2 
Zero 
Hunger  
 
UN SDGs3 
Good Health  
and Well Being 
 
UN SDGs4 
Quality 
Education  
 
UN SDGs5 
Gender  
Equality 
 
UN SDGs6 
Clean Water  
And Sanitation  
 
UN SDGs
7 
Affordable and  
Clean Energy  
 
UN SDGs8 
Decent Work and 
Economic Growth  
 
UN SDGs9 
Industry, Innovation  
and Infrastructure  
 
UN SDGs10 
Reduced  
Inequalities 
 
UN SDGs11 
Sustainable Cities  
and Communities  
 
UN SDGs12 
Responsible  
Consumption 
and Production  
 
UN SDGs
13 
Climate 
Action 
 
UN SDGs14 
Life Below 
Water  
 
UN SDGs15 
Life on 
Land  
 
UN SDGs16 
Peace, Justice  
and Strong  
Institutions 
 
UN SDGs17 
Partnerships  
for the Goals  
 
UN SDGs
Thicker border 
indicates SDGs  
on which Talos  
has the most impact
Supporting the United Nations
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS  
TALOS ENERGY 16At Talos, we are committed to addressing many of these challenges  
and helping to build a sustainable and thriving planet. While we 
understand the 17 SDGs are all very important, we believe we have 
the most impact on the following:
Goal 3: Good Health and Well-Being
Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages
Health – Our People
 ■We offer our employees and their families highly competitive 
medical, dental, vision and prescription benefits
 ■We provide our employees life insurance benefits, as well as 
short and long-term disability benefits at no cost to employees
 ■Through our Employee Assistance Program, we provide access 
to clinicians that can provide confidential and emotial support
 ■We offer our employees up to $100.00/month as a subsidy 
reimbursement for gym membership fees
 ■We offer flu shots to our employees every year, at no cost
 ■We immediately responded to the COVID-19 outbreak to 
ensure the protection of our office and offshore workers, as 
further described on page 21
Safety – Safety Training and HSE Beliefs
 ■Our goal is zero incidents and to promote a safety-first culture
 ■We grant all workers the right to stop work
 ■We annually train employees on our Safety and Environmental 
Management System (SEMS) and Safe Operating Practices (TSOP) 
 ■We require contractors to participate in annual safety 
trainings and eLearning courses
 ■We strive to host an annual Health, Safety, and Environment 
(HSE) Day to review expectations, solicit feedback, and 
collectively identify opportunities for improvement
 ■We utilize a HSE drilling operations scorecard to track and 
improve performance in drilling operations
 ■Our Emergency Preparedness and Crisis Management Team is 
prepared to immediately respond in the event of an emergency 
 ■We utilize a Safety and Environmental Management System 
that is externally audited every three years
Safety - Business 
 ■We conduct field safety meetings every other week and 
refresher safety training annually
 ■We evaluate safety performance during employee 
performance reviews
 ■We grant offshore employees the opportunity to earn 
quarterly safety bonuses to incentivize their active 
participation in observing and recording safety behaviorsGoal 4: Quality Education
Ensure inclusive and quality education for all and promote  
lifelong learning
Social – Our People
 ■Our tuition reimbursement policy supports higher education 
at accredited institutions
 ■We reimburse full-time employees for attending seminars, 
conferences, and pursuing continued professional education 
and certifications to further develop their skills and 
knowledge
Social – Engage local communities
 ■We offer STEM and business-related internships to eligible 
students within the community
Goal 5: Gender Equality
Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls
Social – Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
 ■We are committed to providing equal employment 
opportunity to all individuals
 ■We are building a diversity and inclusion strategy to 
champion diversity governance
Governance – Board of Directors
 ■We added a female diverse Director to our Board, who 
was appointed to serve on our Safety, Sustainability and 
Corporate Responsibility  Committee
Goal 6: Clean Water and Sanitation
Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and 
sanitation for all
Environment – Ocean Protection and Water Management
 ■We treat our produced water in accordance with EPA permits 
and regulatory requirements
 ■We conduct overboard water sampling monthly
 ■We send third-party water sampling reports to the EPA 
quarterly 
 ■We desalinate seawater at some of our facilities to 
supplement potable water  
 
 
Goal 7:  Affordable and Clean Energy
Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern 
energy for all 
Environment – Talos Clean Energy Integration
 ■We have formed a team of technical and business 
development professionals dedicated to carbon capture and 
storage
 ■We have established partnerships with several strategic and 
technical players
 ■We are the operator of only major offshore storage site in the 
United States
 ■We have entered into a Point Source project on the Texas Gulf 
Coast 
 ■We are actively advancing discussions across the carbon 
capture and storage work chain
Goal 8: Decent Work and Economic Growth 
Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, 
full and productive employment, and decent work for all
Social – Our People
 ■We are an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative 
Action employer
 ■We require suppliers to certify their compliance with  
Talos’s Vendor Code of Conduct, including its human  
rights provisions 
 ■We provide life insurance and disability benefits to employees 
at no cost
 ■We offer competitive salaries and benefits, including a 
401K plan with company matching, gym membership 
reimbursement, free parking or park-and-ride reimbursement, 
flexible schedules, paid time off, and family leave
 ■We survey our Houston employees annually to solicit their 
engagement and views
 ■Our tuition reimbursement policy supports higher education 
at accredited institutions
 ■We reimburse full-time employees for attending seminars, 
conferences, and pursuing continued professional education 
and certifications
Business – Recruitment, Development and Training
 ■We have been consistently ranked as a Top Workplace by the 
Houston Chronicle every year since inception
 ■We utilize online recruiting platforms, referrals, internships, 
and professional recruiters
 ■We utilize a robust performance review process
 ■We work with employees to create individual performance 
development goals and plans to help employees reach their 
full potential
 ■In 2020, our turnover rate was 3.1%  Goal 12: Responsible Consumption, Production 
Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns
Environment – Ocean Protection and Water Management
 ■We minimize our waste by following a waste management 
hierarchy
 ■We educate employees on waste disposal procedures
 ■We conduct audits to evaluate compliance 
 ■We utilize Waste Management and Minimization Field Guides
 ■We contract for waste management services
 ■We encourage and provide for recycling both in our offices 
and in our offshore operations
Goal 13: Climate Action 
Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts
Environment – Climate Change and Air Quality
 ■We collect, analyze, and track GHG emissions data
 ■We track emerging climate policies
 ■We work to reduce Scope 1 Emissions 
 ■We conduct Job Safety & Environmental Analyses to  
minimize emissions
 ■In 2021, we entered into a venture to source, evaluate, 
and develop carbon capture and storage (CCS) project 
opportunities
Goal 14: Life Below Water 
Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine 
resources for sustainable development
Environment – Ocean Protection and Water Management
 ■We perform scheduled inspections of our subsea 
infrastructure
 ■We utilize subsea leak detection equipment that is proven 
technology that monitors subsea equipment integrity and 
prevents spills in the unlikely event of a subsea leak
 ■We utilize an Incident Reporting Tool (IRT) 
 ■We maintain an Oil Spill Response Plan (OSRP) approved  
by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement
 ■We conduct tabletop drills pursuant to our OSRP and  
annual spill notification exercises for all manned facilities
 ■Our Preparation for Response Exercise Program (PREP) 
oversees incident response drills
Environment – Biodiversity and Waste Management
 ■We participate in the Offshore Operators Committee’s 
Restricted Areas & Fisheries sub-committee to ensure 
respectful and responsible relationships with marine life
 ■We convert retired platforms into artificial reef habitats,  
when feasibleSupporting the United Nations
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS  
ESG REPORT 17
SAFETY
TALOS ENERGY 18 ■~3 million man hours worked with  
10 recordable safety incidents
 ■~ 2.6 million man hours on Helix 
Producer I(1) – without a lost-time incident
 ■One recordable incident across all Plug & 
Abandon (P&A) activities
 ■50% reduction in TRIR from 2018 baseline
 ■8.6% reduction in LTIR from 2018 baseline
 ■Excellent safety performance in face of 
adversity encountered due to COVID-19, 
a record number of named storms, and 
low commodity prices  
 ■Internal compliance audits performed on 
100% of Talos’s facilitiesSAFETY 
HIGHLIGHTS
(1) The Helix Producer I is our most advanced, continuous 24/7,  
deep water, multi-purpose offshore floating production unit located  
in our Green Canyon Phoenix Field
Safety
CONTINUOUSLY STRIVING FOR EXCELLENCE
ESG REPORT 19
At Talos, safety is defined as freedom from unacceptable risk 
of harm and an empowered workforce promoting a safety-
first culture across our operations. Safety in every aspect of 
our business is Talos’s number one priority and is core to 
our Health, Safety, Environment (HSE), and Sustainability 
operational culture. 
While we operate in one of the most technically challenging 
and uniquely complex offshore marine environments in the 
industry, our priority is to ensure the freedom from risk for all 
employees, contractors, the environment and the public. 
We execute our operations pursuant to and in strict 
compliance with rigorous federal regulations and permitting 
requirements, which include 30 CFR 250, 30 CFR 254, 30 CFR 
550, 30 CFR 556, and 40 CFR 122, as well as state regulations 
and permitting requirements under Louisiana Title 43. The 
Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) 
and the Coast Guard conduct numerous inspections of our 
offshore infrastructure including drilling rigs, platforms, 
and facilities to ensure that we are fully compliant, safe, and 
operating in an environmentally protective manner.  In 2020, BSEE conducted 135 inspections of Talos-operated 
production operations and 47 inspections of our drilling, well-
work and decommissioning operations.  In addition, the Coast 
Guard and the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality 
performed an additional five platform inspections.
In 2020, despite the COVID-19 pandemic and an active hurricane 
season in the Gulf of Mexico, we continued to prioritize safety 
across our operations. While our Total Recordable Incident 
Rate (TRIR) and our Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) increased 
from 2019 to 2020, this increase was mainly due to adding 
approximately 600,000 more man-hours in our 2020 operations 
as compared to our 2019 man-hours. However, as a result of our 
focused safety efforts, we reduced both our 2020 TRIR and LTIR 
when compared to 2018 baselines.
As we continue to execute on our Health, Safety, and 
Environment (HSE) Strategic Plan and utilize our robust 
safety management programs, our empowered culture of 
safety will be key to ensuring zero incidents. Please see 
Appendix A – Health and Safety Performance Data Tables, for 
complete Health and Safety metrics.Talos Culture of Safety
LOST TIME INCIDENT RATE (LTIR) 
 TOTAL RECORDABLE INCIDENT RATE (TRIR ) 
 
2018
Year 2018 2019 2020
Employees 0.00 0.00 0.16
Contractors 0.32 0.15 0.25
Avg. Combined Rates 0.23 0.11 0.212019 2020AVERAGE COMBINED RATES
EMPLOYEE VS. CONTRACTOR RATES0.23
0.110.21
2018 2019 2020AVERAGE COMBINED RATES
EMPLOYEE VS. CONTRACTOR RATES1.13
0.490.54
Year 2018 2019 2020
Employees 0.53 0.00 0.05
Contractors 1.37 0.67 0.49
Avg. Combined Rates 1.13 0.49 0.54
Protecting Our Workforce
TOOLS TO ENSURE SAFE PRACTICES
TALOS ENERGY 20SEMS Elements
 ■Leadership and Accountability
 ■Safety and Environmental Information
 ■Hazards Analysis and Management
 ■Management of Change
 ■Operating Procedures
 ■Safe Work Practices
 ■Training and Qualification
 ■Quality Assurance and Mechanical 
Integrity
 ■Pre-Startup Review
 ■Emergency Response and Control
 ■Investigation of Incidents
 ■Records and Documentation
 ■Audit of SEMS Program ElementsSafety and Environmental 
Management System and  
Talos Safe Operating Practices  
Our commitment to the health, safety, and welfare of 
our employees, contractors, visitors, and the public is 
foundational to our culture of safety. We believe that all 
incidents are preventable and that working incident and 
injury-free is possible.
Two Talos standards are the foundation of our comprehensive 
framework for safety and environmental management 
oversight. The standards are:
 ■The Safety and Environmental Management System 
(SEMS): SEMS provides a day-to-day guide for safety 
practices and facilitates continuous improvement for all 
Talos operations. SEMS is in compliance with the federal 
regulations including 30 CFR 250 subpart S and API RP-
75. It also promotes employee, contractor, and vendor 
safety along with environmental protection during 
exploration, development, construction, and production 
activities. Per 30 CFR 250 subpart S, a third-party 
audit of Talos’s SEMS is required every three years. In 
compliance with regulations, Talos commissioned the 
audit to be conducted in 2021.
 ■The Talos Safe Operating Practices (TSOP) Manual:  
TSOP provides detailed information on specific tasks, 
roles, and responsibilities for operations, and provides 
clear guidance for incident response and operational 
risk mitigation. To continuously improve our safety 
efforts, we also empower employees to work with 
supervisors to address situations not covered by TSOP.  
See Appendix D for the detailed contents of Talos’s 
TSOP manual.
COVID-19  
IMMEDIATE RESPONSE TO AN UNFORESEEN PANDEMIC
ESG REPORT 21Talos Safety Tools
 ■Safety and Environmental 
Management System (SEMS)
 ■Talos Safe Operating Practices (TSOP)
 ■Stop Work Authority (SWA)
 ■Recurrent Risk Assessment
 ■Management of Change Process 
 ■HSE Drilling Operations Scorecard
 ■Annual Safety Trainings
 ■eLearning – expanded in 2020 with 
COVID-19
 ■Emergency Preparedness and Crisis 
Management Team 
 ■Office based hurricane action plans
 ■Employee Residence Mapping 
Program for Hurricanes and Storms
 ■Offshore COVID-19 Policies, ProceduresIn February 2020, as the world experienced unprecedented 
challenges, Talos created a COVID-19 Task Force – with oversight 
from leadership – and began implementing new health and safety 
measures to ensure there would not be a disruption to energy 
production. One key to ensuring the safety of our employees 
and contractors during this time was our focus on developing 
a strategic plan that included messaging of science-based 
educational information and CDC recommendations, guidance, 
and awareness focused on preventing the spread of  COVID-19. 
In addition, we worked closely with the Offshore Operators 
Committee, a non-profit organization comprised of 127 industry 
members in the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Ocean, who focused 
on promoting safety, providing technical support, and sharing 
best practices and information throughout the pandemic. 
In response to health and safety requirements imposed during 
the pandemic, we transitioned our office-based employees to 
a work from home schedule through June 2021. During this 
time Talos also established new policies and increased safety 
measures and protocols for essential employees required to 
report to the office. New health and safety protocols included:
 ■Restricted building access, physical barriers, and social 
distancing requirements
 ■Implementation of  rotation schedule that reduced 
number of employees per office floor
 ■Robust cleaning, disinfecting, and hygiene standards
 ■Daily screenings, temperature checks, and face coverings 
 ■Installation of air filtration upgrades
 ■Contact tracing for all office exposures
 ■Quarantining in the event of virus exposure
To ensure the safety of our offshore employees, stringent 
safety protocols were established and scenario drills for 
exposure and outbreak offshore were run in coordination 
with BSEE. To address both in transit and operational safety 
concerns, we developed offshore safety protocols including: 
 ■Extended shift periods to reduce frequency of shift 
changes
 ■Increased pre-departure screenings, with certain 
facilities requiring a negative test for deployment
 ■Requiring and providing face coverings during all travel 
and operations
 ■Conducted daily temperature checks
 ■Social distancing, robust daily cleaning, disinfecting, 
and strict hygiene standards for living quartersIn late 2020, as vaccine availability grew, Talos worked 
closely with oil and gas operators and industry committees 
to secure vaccines for critical infrastructure workers. To 
ensure the distribution of vaccines, we partnered with Talos 
health contractors to develop a systematic distribution plan 
that included a vaccination encouragement and education 
program for all Talos offshore and office workers. Due to 
excellent teamwork and strategic development and execution 
of procedures, we achieved a COVID-19 safety record with 
zero-spread in offices, and zero lost time in production 
operations to date.
With our COVID-19 safety response in mind, we are working 
toward the development of a corporate Pandemic Mitigation 
Plan and resources that will become an essential part of our 
overall Talos response planning program.  We anticipate 
finalizing the Pandemic Mitigation Plan in 2022.
TALOS ENERGY 22Safety Trainings  
Conducting regular safety training allows Talos to proactively 
address the dynamic nature of offshore operational risk and 
promote a robust culture of offshore safety. To provide the 
comprehensive training necessary to protect our offshore 
personnel, Talos employees and permanently assigned 
contractors complete custom designed annual trainings on 
our eLearning platform, and we partner with a third-party 
training expert to conduct live, hands-on training. 
Training sessions are divided into two categories. The first 
category includes core training required by all personnel – 
delivered by Talos on our eLearning platform. The second 
category of training includes non-core trainings that are job 
specific. All offshore Talos employees, as well as a number 
of office personnel, receive eLearning classroom training 
on TSOP and SEMS. Additional trainings include piping 
and vessel isolation and production safety systems. Hands 
on training includes fall protection, firefighting, and first 
aid. To track and monitor the individual employee training 
compliance requirements and completion for 35 employee 
positions, Talos utilizes a Training Requirements for Talos 
Field Personnel matrix to clearly convey expectations. 
In 2020, Talos had a 100% participation rate in our 
mandatory offshore emergency drills. Mandatory emergency 
training includes a minimum of one hurricane, fire, well 
control, ship collision, man-overboard and abandon platform 
drill - per shift and facility. Drills are conducted twice monthly 
for a total of 24 drills per year per facility.
Recognizing the nature of our office employees work, as well 
as the COVID-19 health and safety concerns that included 
social distancing measures, Talos relied heavily on our 
eLearning platform in 2020 to reach and train our office 
employees on safety. 
Seeking continuous improvement on our safety programs and 
initiatives, we engage with our employees and contractors 
through an annual Safety Culture Survey. Due to the nature of 
COVID-19 safety requirements, we did not conduct the annual 
Safety Culture Survey in 2020, but we were able to conduct 
the survey in 2021.Protecting Our Workforce
SAFETY TRAININGS

Safety in Our Operations
REAL TIME MONITORING AND CONTRACTOR MANAGEMENT
ESG REPORT 23Real Time Monitoring of 
Offshore Drilling Operations
During offshore drilling operations, Talos collects vital data 
from subsea blowout preventor (BOP) control and monitoring 
systems, the drilling rig’s active fluid circulation system, 
rig instrumentation, and downhole tools measuring well 
properties.  The data is continuously monitored and analyzed 
by on-site rig personnel to ensure operational integrity and to 
support decision making.  This vital data is also transmitted 
onshore in real time where, during critical operations, it is 
monitored for safety by qualified onshore, discipline–specific 
personnel.  This further enhances the ability to detect and 
react to changing conditions as the well is being drilled. 
Managing Contractors 
At Talos we require the same safety commitment from the 
contractors and vendors working at our facilities as we do 
from our employees. The contractors we hire are screened 
by us prior to each offshore deployment to ensure they meet 
company HSE requirements and that they are competent and 
fully trained to perform the work they are hired to do. 
This includes participation in a combination of Annual 
Safety Trainings, eLearning courses, and our annual Safety 
Culture Survey. To track adherence to our safety training 
requirements, Talos established a contractor and sub-
contractor audit process. In 2020 we conducted 8 audits, 
which were fewer than in 2019 due to COVID-19; however, 
we reinstated our safety auditing process in 2021 and will 
continue to conduct SEMS audits throughout the year. In 
addition, we conduct random desktop training audits to 
ensure compliance with our training requirements.Talos uses ISNetworld to ensure our contractors meet our 
minimum training requirements every time a contractor 
mobilizes offshore.  This is accomplished by using the ISN 
scan card process at kiosks at our heliports and docks. To 
continue advancing our safety efforts with contractors, the 
Talos Health Safety and Environment (HSE) group finalized 
a new eLearning module, which was added to the required 
contractor training matrix in 2021. 
With regard to suppliers, as projects are being planned, 
Talos’s project managers reference our Approved Vendor 
List to check our suppliers’ compliance with Talos HSE 
and corporate requirements.  If the supplier does not meet 
our requirements, the project manager, depending on the 
service, may choose to find another supplier for the project 
or continue to plan to use the supplier.  If the project manager 
elects to utilize the supplier, a Management of Change process 
is initiated.  The non-conforming supplier’s HSE Improvement 
Plans, HSE statistics, Injuries, HSE Safety programs, and 
Workers Compensation Experience Modifier Rate are 
evaluated against Talos requirements and expectations.  
Those suppliers that meet our expectations are approved to 
continue to work for Talos.
TALOS ENERGY 24
HSE Operating Principals
TALOS 8 BELIEFS FOR SAFE OPERATIONS
We Believe 
 ■Every worker has the right  
to Stop The Job
 ■Carefully Planning and Communicating Each 
Activity will identify and mitigate jobsite risks
 ■Our operations should be conducted in an 
Environmentally Sound manner at all times
 ■Compliance with Regulatory Requirements   
is our non-negotiable license to operate
 ■Transparent Reporting, Investigation,  
and Corrective Actions can prevent  
recurrence of unplanned events
 ■Open, Honest Communication can drive 
continuous improvement throughout  
our operations
 ■Unmitigated Risks should not, and will not,  
be taken to increase production or progress
 ■The Worker is More Important than  
the Work and we continuously reflect this  
in our decisions and actions
Utilizing Risk Assessment Data
EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE TO STOP WORK
ESG REPORT 25Since implementing our scorecard and review and analysis 
process, we have improved Talos’ operational drilling 
safety performance and have enhanced the monitoring and 
target setting capabilities of our drilling operations. 
In 2020, while our total recordable incident rate (TRIR) in 
drilling operations was up .05 year-over-year, our TRIR was 
reduced by 50% from our baseline in 2018.  In the industry 
our TRIR remains .43 below the average reported by the 
International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP),  
and .31 below the average reported by the Occupational Safety 
and Health Administration Exploration & Production (OSHA 
E&P)(1). Talos is committed to the health and safety of all of our 
workforce, and we formalized our commitment through Talos’s 
Human Rights policy, which we published in 2021.  Building on the success of the Talos HSE drilling operations scorecard 
rolled out in 2019, we have continued to review observation and audit 
data to identify both leading and lagging safety indicators. Our ongoing 
critical indicator data review and analysis has allowed us to continue 
building and refining our response guidance programs.  
Assessing Safety Risk 
To maintain our industry leading safety performance, we 
conduct frequent risk assessments at both the enterprise and 
job task level utilizing our proprietary Talos personal risk 
assessment tool. Use of the tool is required before, during, 
and after specific tasks to promote synergies through a 
stepped process that identifies, assesses, and then mitigates 
risk through determined control measures.
In addition to continuous risk assessments, all Talos employees 
and contractors are empowered by the CEO to exercise their 
Stop Work Authority (SWA) without fear of reprisal when an 
unsafe condition, act, or event could result in risk or danger to 
people, the environment, the facility, or equipment. 
Situations where the use of an SWA could reasonably be 
implemented may include observed unsafe conditions, near 
miss incidents, changes in the safety of work conditions, and the 
presence of a noted hazard. When a stop work has been initiated 
all workers must comply and may not return to work until each 
member involved is satisfied with the safety resolution. 
Our operations in the Gulf of Mexico (GOM) are highly 
vulnerable to the effects of hurricanes on production. During 
2020, we experienced a particularly active hurricane season with 
nine hurricanes – Cristobal, Hanna, Laura, Marco, Sally, Beta, 
Delta, Zeta, and Eta – in the GOM. In response, we imposed 
precautionary shut-ins of facilities and evacuated some or all of 
our facilities, totaling approximately 2,000 people throughout 
the season. We were fortunate to have no injuries, incidents or 
major storm-related damage at our facilities. In response to the active season in 2020, we are 
implementing new hurricane initiatives for the 2021 
season that include: 
 ■Deploying new weather maps to all Talos 
employees for real-time storm tracking
 ■Conducting pre-season hurricane training for 
all office and offshore employeesAn Abnormally Active 2020 Hurricane Season
(1) Recordables are injuries and illnesses that must be reported to OSHA. Significant incidents include spills into the Gulf, injuries, and high-potential  
near misses.
ENVIRONMENT
 ■Established a 30% target reduction  
in GHG emissions intensity (metric tons CO2e/
MBOE), compared to a 2018 baseline, by 2025
 ■GHG Emissions Intensity of 17.4 (CO2e/MBOE),  
representing 4.4% decrease from 2019
 ■Zero hydrocarbon spills of >1 barrel  
per occurrence
 ■Total spill volume from Talos-operated 
production facilities was less than ¾ of one 
barrel released from over 23 MMBOE gross 
barrels produced 
 ■Per BSEE benchmarking, Talos 2020 spill  
volume was 20 times smaller than  
the average Gulf of Mexico operatorENVIRONMENT 
HIGHLIGHTS
TALOS ENERGY 26
Environmental Protection
COMMITTED TO REDUCING OUR IMPACTS
ESG REPORT 27At Talos, we are committed to environmental protection. 
We strive to operate in a way that allows us to safely and 
responsibly develop resources while also reducing our impacts. 
In support of our commitment to the environment, we have 
a robust Health Safety and Environment (HSE) program, and 
an Environmental, Social, and Governance strategy (ESG) 
that include policies, procedures, and initiatives to help us 
transparently measure impacts, set goals, and meet or exceed 
all applicable regulatory requirements. Together our HSE 
program and ESG strategy help Talos determine the most 
responsible path forward. 
We strive to understand ways to continually improve 
our environmental performance and to transparently 
communicate our progress in this annual report. See 
Appendix A for environmental metrics and baseline data. 
With the goal of reducing company-wide GHG emissions and 
improving our sustainability efforts, in 2020 Talos created 
an ESG Committee, consisting of an internal cross-functional 
team. The team focuses on understanding and reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions from our operations and on 
addressing other environmental issues including: 
 ■Sourcing and use of clean and renewable energy 
 ■Protection of oceans through spills prevention  
 ■Protection of marine life and habitats
 ■Management of water use and discharge
 ■Minimization of operational waste To manage protection of the environment at active Talos 
sites, our HSE program helps ensure that we continuously 
evaluate and prioritize the health, safety, and protection of 
the environment across all aspects of operations including 
offshore platform installation, offshore drilling and 
production, and decommissioning.  We use the Job Safety 
& Environmental Analysis (JSEA) framework to track and 
manage environmental metrics for internal and federal 
regulatory agency reporting that includes: 
 ■Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM)
 ■Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE)
 ■Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
In addition, we closely monitor climate policy and regulation 
and support the development of industry standards through 
peer engagement and cooperative efforts. Recent Talos 
engagement efforts include support for industry guidelines 
related to the standardization of measurement and disclosure 
metrics and legislation related to development of emerging 
technologies designed to protect the environment. 
As we continue to build our environmental management 
processes and systems, we are working toward continuous 
innovation with the goal of delivering transparent long-term 
performance for our stakeholders, shareholders, and the 
communities we serve.Care for the Environment
Climate Change
REDUCING OUR GHG EMISSIONS
TALOS ENERGY 28While we are at the beginning of our climate journey, Talos 
has already established our Scope 1 benchmark and a GHG 
emissions intensity target of a 30% reduction as compared to 
our 2018 baseline by 2025.  
In 2020, our total emissions reduced by 20% and methane 
emissions reduced by 40% from our 2018 baseline. Talos 
continues to identify opportunities to reduce emissions in our 
operations and expects to meet, and likely exceed, our current 
emissions intensity goal prior to the 2025 goal year.
To meet our long-term targets, in addition to our focus on 
GHG emissions accuracy and reduction, other high impact 
GHG emissions reduction initiatives include: 
 ■Reducing methane emissions by converting cold  
vent stacks to flares
 ■Reducing overall venting volumes and shutting in 
facilities that are no longer economical
 ■Implementing gas detection and Forward Looking 
Infrared Radar (FLIR) programs at each of our Gulf of 
Mexico facilities to identify, resolve or reduce methane 
leaks and electrical hot spots
 ■Reducing methane emissions by converting gas 
driven pumps and controllers from pneumatic gas 
to compressed air through the use of solar and wind 
powered air compressors 
To help reduce the impact of Talos products during the 
production and transmission phases, we focus on selling 
directly into the pipelines that flow to refineries and other 
points of sale. In addition, we are working to reduce the 
impact of Talos operations by capturing and producing 
natural gas through pipelines instead of flaring.  
As we develop our climate journey, Talos will continue 
to seek further improvement in emissions reductions, 
accuracy, and reporting.  This includes a goal of publishing 
data associated with other air emissions, such as NOx, SOx, 
volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and particulates in 
subsequent ESG reports.Climate Change and Emissions
At Talos we understand that our operations play a role in 
climate change, and we are committed to addressing and 
managing our impacts over the short and long-term. To 
address impacts over the long-term, Talos has established a 
baseline and developed an emissions reduction target. Over 
the short-term, Talos will transparently communicate our 
progress on goals targeting year-over-year improvements. 
Additionally, we are taking steps to improve the methodology 
and accuracy of our emissions inventory through improved 
field data collection. Greater accuracy in reporting over 
time will allow Talos to more accurately determine progress 
toward our GHG reduction target, and it will allow us to 
focus our investments on opportunities that reduce our 
greatest impacts. In addition to CO2 emissions reductions 
and in recognition that methane emissions have 80 times 
the warming effect of carbon dioxide, we have also focused 
on reducing our Scope 1 methane emissions, which in 2020 
represented approximately 40% of our total GHG emissions.  
GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY  
(MT CO2 Equivalent/Mboe)
2018(1)2019(1)2020GOAL: 30% REDUCTION BY 2025  
(15.3 MT C0₂ EQUIVALENT / MBOE )
21.8
18.217.4
 202515.3
(1) GHG Emissions Intensity for 2018 and 2019 are updated from T alos’s 2020 ESG Report because Talos updated its Gross Operated Production figures 
for 2018 and 2019 to include production operated by others that is processed at Talos’s platforms, as noted in footnote (5) on page 53, Appendix A.
13.1
40% Reduction 
Stretch Target
2021~16.5
Decarbonization
CARBON CAPTURE AND RENEWABLE ENERGY INITIATIVES
ESG REPORT 29Talos is also leveraging its technical and offshore operational skill sets 
to be an active participant in the developing decarbonization economy. 
Through our carbon capture and storage business we are working to 
actively partner with major industrial emitters to permanently sequester 
their carbon emissions for decades to come.
Through the Texas General Land Office’s recent competitive auction, Talos became the operator of the only major offshore 
carbon storage site in the United States, representing early leadership in this rapidly advancing sector. Carbon capture 
opportunities provide diversification and position Talos for decades to come as both a leading hydrocarbon provider as well as 
a leading carbon solutions provider. 
Ultimately, Talos anticipates that in the future, the carbon capture and storage business unit will be a material financial 
contributor to the organization, as well as physically sequestering many times the emissions that Talos generates from its own 
upstream hydrocarbon operations.
Talos Clean Energy Integration 
Carbon Capture and Storage: Talos is actively developing 
one of the leading carbon capture and storage (CCS) ventures 
in the United States, with a number of key achievements in 
the second half of 2021. The U.S. Gulf Coast contains some 
of the nation’s highest concentrations of power generation, 
industrial, and petrochemical facilities generating significant 
CO2 emissions, which make it a prime location for offshore and 
near shore CCS projects in the U.S. The region also boasts a high 
density of smaller private and “middle-market” industrial sites 
that may require CCS solutions in the future. 
In June of 2021, we announced a venture with Storegga 
Geotechnologies Limited to source, evaluate, and develop CCS 
project opportunities on the Gulf Coast and in the Gulf of Mexico. 
Also in 2021, Talos, along with its bidding partner Carbonvert, 
Inc., was selected as the sole winning bidder for the State of 
Texas General Land Office’s first offshore CCS site, which will 
make Talos one of a very select group of U.S.-listed independent 
energy companies with a physical carbon sequestration site. 
Talos will be the operator of the State of Texas site as well as 
most future opportunities developed through the Storegga joint 
venture. Finally, in November of 2021, Talos announced a point-
source CCS project with Freeport LNG, one of the largest LNG 
facilities in the world. Talos is targeting first injection by year 
end 2024, which the Company expects could become the first 
active commercial CCS project on the Gulf Coast.Renewable Energy: As a part of our climate strategy we 
continue to seek opportunities to integrate renewable 
energy into our operations where feasible. Our focus on 
renewable energy will help us move closer to our goal of 
reducing our environmental footprint. In support of our 
goal, nearly all of our facilities in the GOM are equipped 
with solar panels used to power platform fog lights, and 
numerous satellite offshore facilities are equipped with solar 
powered fog horns and fog lights. The use of renewable solar 
power at our facilities helps us avoid the use of additional 
batteries or power generation, while also reducing our 
generator load and combustion emissions. 
Building on our efforts, in 2021 Talos will roll out a wind/
solar powered air-compressor program for two satellite 
platforms. The switch from instrument gas to instrument 
air, along with renewable powered compressors, will allow 
satellite structures to further eliminate vent emissions 
associated with pneumatic pumps and controllers. 
Future Initiatives: As our company footprint grows, we will 
continue to evaluate the renewable energy opportunities and 
will explore additional ways to utilize renewable systems 
that support existing facilities and future projects. Future 
plans include exploring the feasibility of hydrogen, wind, 
geothermal, and other clean energy resources.  
A Natural Fit for Talos
RATIONALE SUPPORTING CARBON CAPTURE AND STORAGE
Talos Carbon Capture
 ■Skill sets exist in-house 
today
 ■Only operator with 
an identified offshore 
sequestration site
 ■Actively evaluating multiple 
additional project sitesTalos is positioned to be a vital partner to the country’s industrial epicenter 
as both an upstream energy supplier and a long-term emissions solutions 
provider. The core skills that provide a foundation in the exploration and 
production industry are well-suited for a fully-integrated carbon capture 
and storage business.
COMPLEMENTARY SKILL SETS
E&P CCS
Conventional Reservoir Expertise, G&G Team Yes Yes
Significant Gulf Coast / GOM Presence Yes Yes
Vast Seismic Database Yes Yes
Established Operator & Project Mgmt. Capabilities YEs Yes
Strong HSE Track Record Yes Yes
Business Development and Commercially Driven Yes Yes
U.S. GULF COAST INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX
Talos Upstream E&P
 ■One of the largest 
independent E&Ps  
in the Gulf of Mexico
 ■Track record of safe, 
environmentally 
responsible production Complementary Skill Sets  
and In-House Capabilities
 ■One of country’s largest industrial regions
 ■Key source of U.S. gasoline, jet fuel, chemicals,  
plastics, and pharma and consumer product inputs
 ■High volume of large-scale emitters requiring  
a decarbonization solutionESSENTIAL U.S.  
HYDROCARBON PRODUCERUNIQUE DECARBONIZATION 
SOLUTIONS PROVIDER
TALOS ENERGY 30
ESG REPORT 31
Carbon Capture Locations
CURRENT U.S. GULF COAST SEQUESTRATION PROJECT SITES
Garden Banks
East Breaks
Green Canyon
Keathley Canyon
Walker Ridge
Ocean Protection
Talos is committed to being a responsible environmental 
steward by protecting the oceans where we operate 
through spill prevention and protection. Our Safety and 
Environmental Management System (SEMS) plan helps us 
identify ways to minimize spills, prevent foreign objects 
from entering the ocean, perform surveillance of operations, 
and maintain overboard water handling equipment (sumps, 
float cells, separators).   In addition, we comply with 
applicable regulations at all facilities and utilize subsea leak 
detection equipment and technology to prevent releases of 
hydrocarbons from subsea wells. 
Talos reports ocean spills in accordance with federal 
regulations 30 CFR 254.46, 250.197 and 250.190 
and maintains a Bureau of Safety and Environmental 
Enforcement (BSEE) approved Oil Spill Response Plan 
(OSRP). The plan details annual tabletop drills for a Worst 
Case Discharge scenario as well as annual spill notification 
exercises for all Talos manned facilities. The OSRP also 
contains our required Preparation for Response Exercise 
Program (PREP) drill documentation outlining our response 
plans. Additional drill details can be found using the Talos 
Incident Reporting Tool (IRT). In the event of a spill, the 
OSRP outlines the steps to mitigate impacts including 
notification of the Incident Management Team and control 
and spill cleanup procedures. 
In 2020, Talos processed ~15.77 million barrels of oil with 
oil releases totaling 0.74 barrels into the Gulf of Mexico. BSEE 
published a yearly Gulf of Mexico average oil spill ratio based 
on the ratio of oil spill volumes per one million barrels of oil 
produced, and the 2020 Gulf of Mexico average ratio was .93.  
In comparison, Talos’s spill volume ratio for 2020 was .05, or 
~20 times less than the average Gulf of Mexico operator.Environmental Protection
REDUCING ENERGY USE AND SPILL PREVENTION
TALOS ENERGY 32Energy Reduction at Facilities 
As the Oil & Gas industry evolves as part of the low-carbon 
energy transition, Talos continues to explore options for 
energy conservation and emissions reduction. 
As part of our emissions reduction efforts we identified 
offshore platforms that utilized two generators operating at 
low load to generate the necessary power requirements for 
routine platform operations.  We were able to successfully 
shut down one of the generators on each of these platforms 
and run each platform off of only one generator. Our efforts 
have allowed Talos to conserve energy, reduce combustion 
emissions, and reduce our fuel use.
In addition as part of our overall climate strategy, we 
strategically evaluated and selected our headquarters location 
in Houston, Texas to help us reduce our Scope 2 emissions 
because the Talos headquarters office building is both LEED 
Gold Certified and Energy Star rated. These certification 
programs help Talos increase resource and energy efficiency 
while also improving occupant health and safety. 
Protecting Marine Ecosystems
RESPONSIBLE DECOMISSIONING
ESG REPORT 33Biodiversity
TALOS DECOMMISSIONING EFFORTS 2015 -2020Throughout our offshore operations, we understand our 
responsibility to serve as environmental stewards. To ensure 
that we manage and protect the diversity and habitats in 
our operating areas, Talos, through our participation in the 
Offshore Operators Committee and its Restricted Areas & 
Fisheries sub-committee, works with peer offshore operators 
to ensure a respectful and responsible relationship with 
marine life in U.S. Federal Waters. 
Focused on the long-term health of the waters in which we 
operate, once a production platform has ceased operations, 
Talos completes a number of decommissioning steps, starting 
with plugging depleted oil and gas wells in order to reduce the 
risks of impacts to marine habitats. After plugging the wells 
in accordance with federal regulations 30 CFR 250, Subpart 
Q, Talos can then propose to either remove the platform and 
associated facilities and return the seafloor to pre-drilling 
conditions, or when economically and operationally feasible 
and subject to regulatory approval, the platform can be 
converted into an artificial reef that will provide habitat 
enhancements for marine life for years to come. Talos is considering reefing as an option for 36 operational 
platforms and structures in our asset base, and is 
developing a comparative assessment standard to further 
determine the net environmental and economic impacts 
of reefing structures compared to removal.  In the future 
we intend to broaden the scope of assessments to include 
larger field infrastructures in addition to single structures 
on a case by case basis.
In 2020, Talos spent $42 million (net to Talos) on plugging, 
abandoning, and decommissioning operations, which included 
the temporary abandonment of 36 wells, permanently 
plugging and abandoning 18 wells, removing 10 platforms, 
and abandoning 25 pipelines in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico.
YearStructures  
RemovedWells Permanently  
PluggedWells Temporarily 
PluggedPipelines  
DecommissionedLength of Pipelines  
DecommissionedDecommissioning Costs 
(Net to Talos)
2015 2 2 37 16 138,980 Ft. $40 million
2016 8 27 9 14 210,780 Ft. $37 million
2017 8 14 14 28 240,933 Ft. $26 million
2018 16 21 31 12 159,781 Ft. $142 million
2019 12 28 41 22 59,576 Ft. $75 million
2020 10 18 36 12 79,834 Ft. $42 million
Total 56 110 168 104 889,884 Ft. $362 million
TALOS ENERGY 34

Water and Waste Management
CONSERVATION AND RECYCLING PRACTICES
ESG REPORT 35Water Management 
Talos is committed to the responsible management of water 
and recognizes that our efforts affect the environment, all 
stakeholders and the communities we serve.
We manage three types of water in our operations: potable 
water, seawater, and produced water. Potable water is the 
water transported from shore to platform facilities for use by 
personnel and to supplement drilling.  Several of our platforms 
are also equipped with desalination equipment, which allows 
us to make additional potable water offshore. Desalination also 
allows us to further manage our footprint by reducing the num-
ber of boat trips required to deliver potable water to platforms.  
Seawater is used for both equipment cooling and well com -
pletion operations. Seawater is pumped from the ocean 
through cooling loops on various equipment throughout the 
platform.  This seawater is on an individual loop and is not 
mixed with any other fluids before it is returned to the ocean.  
During well completion operations seawater is mixed with an 
environmentally safe gel and injected into completion zones 
for the purpose of sand control. Offshore well completion 
operations use 98% less water than the average hydraulic 
fracturing of an onshore shale oil and gas well.  Produced water is a byproduct of hydrocarbon production 
and is captured at each of our facilities and treated onsite 
before being discharged into the Gulf of Mexico, in accordance 
with a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NP -
DES) permit approved by the EPA. In addition, we perform re-
quired monthly water sampling to ensure compliance with all 
applicable regulatory standards. In 2020, Talos completed a 
function team exercise to ensure that all participants are fully 
trained in EPA NPDES compliance requirements. A total of 57 
Talos employees and contractors participated, and personnel 
from BSEE and the U.S. Coast Guard monitored the exercise.  
Waste Management 
To responsibly manage our impact on the environment, Talos 
has developed an effective waste management and handling 
program.  As part of our program, Talos minimizes waste 
by educating employees on disposal procedures in multiple 
waste streams. In addition, we utilize Waste Management and 
Minimization Field Guides for guidance, and conduct audits to 
evaluate our compliance with waste regulations. 
Our waste management streams include non-hazardous ex -
ploration and production waste, including naturally occurring 
radioactive material, that is transported to an R-360-permit -
ted treatment/disposal facility for recycling and reuse. Our 
non-hazardous waste streams include completion fluids, 
oil-based drilling waste, production pit sludges, storage tank 
sludges, washout water and water-based drilling waste. At 
the treatment/disposal facility, the delivered waste is treated 
according to the Louisiana Department of Natural Resources’ 
regulation Statewide Order 29-B until it meets reuse criteria. 
Waste is considered recycled once it is sent from the transfer 
stations to their treatment facilities.  
Average Onshore 
Water Use Per Well 
During Hydraulic 
FracturingTalos Average  
Water Use Per Well  
CompletionCOMPLETION OPERATIONS WATER USE  
(Onshore Hydraulic Fracturing vs. Offshore Completions)
98% LESS WATER  
USE THAN THE  
AVERAGE HYDRAULIC  
FRACTURING OF AN 
ONSHORE WELL
TALOS ENERGY 36SOCIAL 
HIGHLIGHTS
SOCIAL
 ■Talos has raised or committed 
~$1.2 million for local communities  
and charitable organizations since 2019
 ■Our employees donated funds  
to 13 charitable organizations  
and volunteered over 150 hours  
in community service
 ■Named as a Top Workplace 9 years  
in a row by the Houston Chronicle
Social
OUR PEOPLE
ESG REPORT 37At Talos, our employees are our most valuable asset. We are 
proud to be a company that draws our strength from the 
dedication of our talented workforce.  Our ability to pursue 
goals with passion, integrity and success is defined at every 
level of our business by our expectations of dignity and 
respect, as well as how we encourage diversity, promote 
equal opportunity, and build an inclusive and ethical 
culture. The collective sum of the individual differences, life 
experiences, knowledge, unique capabilities, and talent that 
our employees invest in their work represents a significant 
part of not only our culture and reputation, but our 
Company’s achievement as well.
To help our team members reach their full potential, we 
invest in their future with competitive pay, training, benefits, 
and by enabling an entrepreneurial and collaborative culture 
that fosters innovation and sets us apart from our peers. We 
communicate our values, as well as our employees’ rights and 
responsibilities, in our Employee Handbook and our Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics.  Every year the Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics is sent to all employees, who are asked to 
read and certify their review of the document.  Prioritizing Our People
We remain committed to upholding human rights across 
every segment of our business. Our Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics and our Vendor Code of Conduct work 
in tandem to establish our commitment to human rights 
as a fundamental part of our responsibilities as a company. 
While our combined governance efforts build human rights 
awareness across our business, we also expect our business 
partners to maintain human rights policies and practices 
consistent with our own. Our human rights principles include 
a focus on the following areas:
 ■Pay and Benefits
 ■Freedom of Association
 ■Nondiscrimination
 ■Prevention of Human Trafficking,  
Forced Labor and Child Labor
In 2021, we published our Talos Human Rights Policy to 
further strengthen our commitment to uphold human rights. 
Additionally, our vendors are required to certify compliance 
with the requirements of our Vendor Code of Conduct. Our 
compliance hotline, available in both the U.S. and Mexico, offers 
to all employees and vendors the ability to anonymously report 
to a third-party service any human rights concern. 
For more information on how to report concerns see the 
Governance chapter of this report. For details on our codes of 
conduct and our new Human Rights Policy, see Appendix C.Human Rights
Social
COMMITTED TO DIVERSITY
TALOS ENERGY 38Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Talos is committed to providing equal employment opportunity 
to all individuals regardless of, among other things, race, 
color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, 
gender identity, marital status, physical or mental disability, or 
status as a protected veteran.  We believe that following these 
principles is the only acceptable way of life in a free society.
Our leadership understands that Talos’s success and 
profitable growth is inextricably tied to the personal 
growth of all individuals employed by Talos, which results 
from enhancing and utilizing the talents and abilities of all 
individuals to the fullest extent possible in the framework 
of the business environment. Therefore, we will continue to 
take action to: (1) recruit, hire, train and promote persons 
in all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, 
national origin, physical or mental disability, or veteran 
status; (2) base decisions so as to further the principles 
of equal employment opportunity whenever possible, 
including by imposing only valid job requirements for 
employment opportunities; (3) administer all personnel 
actions such as compensation, benefits, transfers, 
layoffs, company-sponsored  training,  education,  tuition  
assistance, and social  and recreational programs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, 
physical or mental disability, or veteran status; and (4) 
introduce minority group individuals, females, veterans, and 
qualified persons with physical or mental disabilities into 
our workforce and encourage such individuals to apply for 
promotions as opportunities arise.
We believe that meaningful change is inspired when 
employees' voices are heard. To raise the voices of our 
employees, in 2020 our employee-led internal ESG 
committee began actively working on diversity and inclusion 
initiatives, among other efforts. Championed diversity and 
inclusion efforts include: 
 ■Partnering with contractors to drive diversity offshore
 ■Comparing our current state of diversity to the market and 
our peers
 ■Building a Diversity and Inclusion strategy
 ■Focusing our community efforts on those which positively 
impact diversity
We know that a diverse workforce brings expanded creativity, 
problem-solving, and leads to better decision-making and 
enhanced performance. To inform our Diversity and Inclusion 
efforts and progress towards increased diversity, we track and 
monitor the following diversity metrics:
EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY BY LOCATION
2018 2019 2020
Total Female Minority Total Female Minority Total Female Minority
Corporate(1,2)189 30% 23% 225 29% 23% 218 30% 24%
Operations 177 0% 5% 196 0% 5% 202 0% 6%
Total Employees 366 421 420
2018 2019 2020
Total Female Minority Total Female Minority Total Female Minority
Exec. and Senior Mgr. 26 15% 15% 30 17% 13% 28 18% 11%
Mgr. and Professionals 146 25% 23% 176 24% 23% 158 24% 23%
Admin. Support/Techs. 22 73% 27% 25 76% 32% 32 72% 38%
Ops. Personnel 172 0% 5% 190 0% 5% 202 0% 6%
Total Employees 366 421 420EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY BY JOB CATEGORIES(1, 2)
(1) Includes U.S. and Mexico, resulting in updated metrics for 2018 and 2019.
(2) Hispanic or Latino is not reported as a minority in Mexico.
Top 
Work 
Places 
 
2021 
 
Houston 
ChronicleTop 
Work 
Places 
 
2020 
 
Houston 
ChronicleTop 
Work 
Places 
 
2019 
 
Houston 
ChronicleTop 
Work 
Places 
 
2018 
 
Houston 
ChronicleTop 
Work 
Places 
 
2017 
 
Houston 
Chronicle
Top 
Work 
Places 
 
2016 
 
Houston 
ChronicleTop 
Work 
Places 
 
2015 
 
Houston 
ChronicleTop 
Work 
Places 
 
2014 
 
Houston 
ChronicleTop 
Work 
Places 
 
2013 
 
Houston 
ChronicleOur People
BENEFITS, ENGAGEMENT, TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT
ESG REPORT 39Benefits 
At Talos, the health and well-being of employees is of 
paramount importance. To remain competitive and to 
attract and retain a talented and engaged workforce, we 
continue to enhance and evolve our benefits programs.  
We offer competitive compensation and benefits to our full-
time employees. To prioritize the health and well-being of 
our employees, we offer:
 ■Health insurance benefits to our full-time employees, which 
include medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug benefits
 ■Life insurance and disability benefits at no cost
 ■A 401K plan with company matching
 ■Gym membership reimbursement
 ■Flexible schedules
 ■Paid time off and family leave    
 ■Parental leave, including Maternity Leave, Paternity Leave and 
Adoption Leave
In 2020, we enhanced our benefit offerings to support our 
employees as they navigated the challenges posed by the 
pandemic. COVID-19 related enhancements included:  
 ■Expanded testing and vaccination sites for COVID-19
 ■Implemented monthly newsletter to encourage mindfulness 
and connection
 ■Resources and education on COVID-19 volunteer opportunities  
Employee Engagement
At Talos, we believe building an engaged team is good for 
our employees and for our business. To build engagement 
throughout the year and to understand perspectives about 
issues that will affect the entire company, we communicate 
through CEO-led town halls, shared intranet sites, community 
and team-building events, and regular team meetings and calls. 
To gain deeper insights and better understand the needs of our 
workforce, we annually survey our Houston employees through 
the Houston Chronicle Top Workplaces program. The Top 
Workplaces program receives employee survey nominations that 
allow employees to draw attention to the efforts of employers. 
We are immensely proud that Talos has been chosen as a Top 
Workplace 9 years in a row by the Houston Chronicle, based on 
the positive survey results received from our employees.Training and Development 
Talos is committed to investing in the development of our 
employees. We believe that a strong employee development 
program helps to achieve greater job satisfaction, career 
success, and an ability to maintain high levels of performance 
throughout our operations. 
To retain the most talented employees possible, we provide 
employees and contractors a range of learning opportunities. 
Employees participate in mandatory compliance training and 
can choose from online courses, seminars, conferences, and 
classes that support their individual growth and professional 
development. 
As of 2021, the internal eLearning platform and Talos-specific 
trainings will be housed on the Learning Management 
System (LMS) to allow for the automated administration, 
documentation, tracking, and reporting of education. This will 
be an increasingly valuable resource going forward, and we will 
continue to modify and expand the content as needed.
To encourage growth through external platforms, we offer 
our full-time employees reimbursement for continued 
professional education advancement. Use of external platforms 
expands access such as attending seminars and conferences, 
and receiving certification for training programs. In 2020 
we launched a tuition reimbursement program to support 
employees seeking advancement at accredited higher 
education institutions. 

Social
SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITIES AND OUR PEOPLE
TALOS ENERGY 40Empowering Our Communities  
Talos is committed to supporting and giving back to the 
communities in which we operate and live. We recognize 
the link between local communities, the success of our 
employees, and ultimately the success of our business. In 
a year overshadowed by the COVID-19 pandemic, Talos 
and our employees collectively donated over $128,000 to 
support our communities.
To further empower our communities, we have developed 
long-standing partnerships with local, regional, and national 
charitable organizations that include both volunteer activities 
and financial contributions. Our community engagement 
programs continually work to both identify partners for 
engagement and directly contribute to economies by hiring 
locally to the greatest extent possible.Volunteerism and Giving 
Talos regularly hosts and/or sponsors major events supporting 
non-profit organizations in our communities, and annually 
provides a $500 allowance to every employee that can be 
applied in support of a non-profit of their choice during the 
year. In 2020 Talos is proud to have donated nearly $12,000  
to employee charities. 
To take a more proactive role in community support, the 
Talos Community Committee engages directly in outreach, 
fundraising, education and awareness. Comprised of our 
employees, the committee leads fundraisers and organizes 
volunteer events. Talos annually matches funds raised by the 
committee and employees for charitable organizations.  
In 2020, despite COVID-19 restrictions, Talos employees raised 
over $16,000 that was matched dollar-for-dollar by Talos,  
for the American Cancer Society and Casa de Esperanza.  
To expand Talos’s collective impact, employees also donate 
their personal time to help with community events and 
programs such as the Houston Children’s Charity Adopt-
a-Family, Chili Cook-Off for Casa de Esperanza, Second 
Harvest, Hope Lodge and the Gulf Coast Regional Blood 
Drive. In 2020 despite the COVID-19 pandemic, Talos 
employees donated more than 150 socially distanced hours 
to these and other organizations. 
While we were unable to host or take part in many of our 
annual charitable and volunteer events in 2020, we are proud 
to have been able to expand our community efforts in 2021 
and anticipate total donations in 2021 to exceed $500,000. Taking Care of Our Own  
– Hurricane Support
In 2020, a historic hurricane season  
directly affected the lives and homes  
of 14 Talos employees, resulting in 
significant damage and losses to  
home and property. In support of  
these valued members of our employee 
community, Talos donated a total  
of $56,000 to these employees to  
assist with recovery efforts. 

ESG REPORT 41
GOVERNANCE
TALOS ENERGY 42 ■Enhanced and renamed the Board  
of Directors’ Safety Committee to the 
Safety, Sustainability and Corporate 
Responsibility Committee
 ■30% of Talos’s Board members are women(1)
 ■40% of Talos’s Board members  
are gender or ethnically diverse(1)
 ■80% of Talos’s Board members  
have Human Capital Management  
and Compensation experience(1)
 ■60% of Talos’s Board members  
are CEOs or heads of businesses(1)
 ■90% of Talos’s Board members  
are Independent Directors(1)
 ■Management’s annual incentive plan’s  
ESG weighting increased to 20%GOVERNANCE  
HIGHLIGHTS
(1) Three members of Talos’s Board of Directors resigned from the Board at 
the end of 2021, including two female Directors and one diverse Director.  
Talos is evaluating the composition of its Board of Directors, and diversity, as 
well as their knowledge, skills, experience and attributes, will be important 
considerations as Talos considers adding replacement Directors. 
Governance
BOARD AND MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT
ESG REPORT 43Talos’s governance structure embodies our core value 
commitments to excellence in Safety, Ethics and the 
Environment, and maintains our entrepreneurial culture 
in everyday actions. Individuals across every level of 
our organization are responsible for upholding the high 
performance standards to which we hold ourselves, as 
expressed in the policies that we have established to guide 
our conduct. 
Our governance practices help promote long-term value, as 
well as strong Board and management accountability to our 
shareholders and other stakeholders. Our Board of Directors 
oversees and monitors important governance issues, including 
Board independence, Board performance and composition, 
executive and Board compensation, and diversity.Governance Practices
In 2021, Talos announced that it had established long-term 
emissions reductions targets and further linked executive 
compensation to ESG performance. As outlined in the 
Environment section of this Report, Talos has established a 
target of 30% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions intensity 
by 2025 from the baseline 2018 levels published in Talos’s 
inaugural ESG Report.  In addition, the ESG-driven metrics 
component has been increased to 20% of management’s 
annual incentive plan and includes key initiatives aimed at 
emissions reduction and health and safety metrics.  
Additionally, production metrics were eliminated from the 
annual incentive plan scorecard and maximum category 
payouts were reduced from 200% of targets to 150% of 
targets.  For detailed information regarding our Board 
governance see Appendix C - guidelines and policies, and 
committee charters, page 61 of this report.
In 2020, the Talos Board modified select practices to quickly 
meet the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
including work from home, social distancing measures and 
extensive and rigorous testing protocols and procedures 
for Talos’s offshore personnel who, by necessity, needed 
to continue to man Talos’s offshore facilities.  The Board 
held 25 virtual meetings, which included regular updates 
from management on the shifts in operations and financial 
performance, as well as Talos’s business and operational 
practices throughout the year in light of the unique set of 
challenges presented by COVID-19.
Core Values
 ■Safety helps Talos prioritize and protect 
our workforce while setting the standard for 
responsible and reliable performance
 ■Ethics commitments hold Talos to the  
highest standards of conduct, integrity,  
and human rights 
 ■Environmental Responsibility fosters  
best operating practices and allows Talos  
to reduce impacts
Leadership
OUR BOARD DIVERSITY AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
TALOS ENERGY 44Board of Directors 
The Talos Board of Directors meets a minimum of four times 
per year and has primary responsibility for overseeing 
and advising the executive leadership team on matters of 
risk, as outlined in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, 
which can be accessed in Appendix C on page 61. Our Board 
is comprised of four standing committees that include 
Nominating and Governance; Compensation; Audit; and 
Safety, Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility. In 2021, 
Talos renamed and expanded the Safety Committee into the 
Safety, Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee 
to allow for greater oversight and management of ESG 
efforts, including climate-related risks and opportunities. 
These committees enable the Board to evaluate whether 
management is appropriately mitigating key strategic risks.  
In addition to the renaming and expansion of the Safety, 
Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee, the 
Company added a new diverse, female Director to the Board 
with a strong energy background, who was appointed to serve 
on the Safety, Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility 
Committee. Talos also formed a new ESG Committee 
composed of Talos employees to enhance our oversight and 
management of significant ESG-related efforts and initiatives, 
including GHG emissions reduction, diversity and inclusion, 
safety and environmental protection and cybersecurity. 
Talos’ Board of Directors is a 10-member board with 9 
independent Directors.(1) Timothy S. Duncan serves on the 
Board as our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Neal P . 
Goldman serves as our non-executive Chairman of the Board.  
In 2020, the Board held twenty-six meetings to address 
regular and special business topics.Board Diversity
Our Board is committed to diversity and strives to reflect the 
diversity of our stakeholders through our different attributes, 
experience, skills, backgrounds, perspectives and views. 
Consistent with our ongoing commitment to create a 
balanced and diverse Board, we actively consider women 
and underrepresented Director candidates in all Director 
membership search pools. The diversity of knowledge, skill, 
and experience of Talos’s Directors collectively lends itself to 
a highly collaborative and effective Board.  In fact, in 2021, 
Talos’s shareholders elected a diverse, female with a strong 
energy background to our Board of Directors.  
 
Moving forward the Board hopes to continue its commitment 
to diverse perspectives and to overseeing an organization 
that is committed to creating a culture dedicated to diverse 
experiences, equitable treatment, and inclusive behavior.
Executive Management 
Our executive management team is responsible for 
implementing corporate standards and policies across 
the organization, and our Chief Executive Officer oversees 
all aspects of our operations, including environmental, 
social, governance, health, safety, operational and financial 
performance. In early 2020, in response to the COVID-19 
outbreak, Talos’s executive management put in place a 
COVID-19 Response Team to manage the company’s response 
to this unprecedented pandemic.
(1) Three members of Talos’s Board of Directors resigned from the Board at the end of 2021, including two female Directors and one diverse Director.  
Talos is evaluating the composition of its Board of Directors, and diversity, as well as their knowledge, skills, experience and attributes, will be important 
considerations as Talos considers adding replacement Directors. 
40% of our Board directors are gen -
der or ethnically diverse.  30% of 
our Board directors are women. The 
average age of our Board directors is 
49 years old.
Our Board directors’ ages range from 35 years old to 68 years old. The average age of our Board di -
rectors is 49 years old.Leadership
BOARD OF DIRECTORS METRICS(1)
ESG REPORT 4540%  of Directors  
are gender or ethnically diverse
30%  of Directors  
are women
49 years  
the average age of Directors 
DIRECTOR AGE DIVERSITYBY THE NUMBERS
BOARD  
DIVERSITY  
SNAPSHOT90% Independence
80% Under Age 60
40% Gender or Ethnically Diverse
35 Years Old 49 Years Old 68 Years Old
Average Age of Talos Board 
BOARD QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE
(1) Three members of Talos’s Board of Directors resigned from the Board at the end of 2021, including two female Directors and one diverse Director.  
Talos is evaluating the composition of its Board of Directors, and diversity, as well as their knowledge, skills, experience and attributes, will be important 
considerations as Talos considers adding replacement Directors. Other Board  
Experience10
Industry  
Experience9
CEO /  
Business Head6
Human  
Capital Mgmt. / 
Compensation8
Exploration2
M&A & BD9
Oil & Gas 
Operations3
Academic / 
Advisory6
Finance & 
Accounting9
Governance
ADHERING TO THE HIGHEST ETHICAL STANDARDS
TALOS ENERGY 46Ethics and Compliance
As one of the largest independent operators in the Gulf of 
Mexico, with operations in both the U.S. and Mexico, Ethics 
and Compliance is one of Talos’s core values. We conduct 
business with the highest ethical standards and instill a 
culture of honesty and integrity. 
The Board establishes, updates and approves the corporate 
standards and policies to which we adhere. Our Chief 
Compliance Officer (CCO) manages Talos’s compliance 
program and manages day-to-day compliance efforts 
throughout the Company. The CCO has a direct reporting line 
to our Board and keeps the Board apprised of the Company’s 
compliance status and issues that may arise.
Our commitment to integrity, trustworthiness, and excellence 
is captured in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
(Code), which applies to all of Talos’s officers, employees 
and Directors. The Code requires careful observance and 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations set by 
our host governments, including conflicts of interest, insider 
trading, and anti-corruption. The Code also assures protection 
from abuse, harassment and discrimination. 
As a condition of employment, Talos Directors, officers, and 
employees are required to comply with and acknowledge 
compliance with the Code, and to participate in annual Code 
training.  In addition, Talos’s contractors and vendors are 
required to comply with our Vendor Code of Conduct. 
Talos’s Anti-Corruption Policy is a central component of our 
Compliance Policy Manual. The manual outlines prohibited 
actions and establishes clear policies regarding adherence 
to anti-corruption laws and practices. To support adoption 
and compliance with our Anti-Corruption Policy, we provide 
copies in both English and Spanish to employees, contractors, 
and vendors across all levels of the Company. In 2020, Talos 
had no anti-competitive behavior claims or legal proceedings 
and therefore no monetary losses resulting from such. Talos also provides multiple means to anonymously raise 
concerns or seek guidance including through our 24-hour, 
seven-day-a-week Ethics and Compliance Hotline, or on-line 
at reportlineweb.com/talosenergy. The Hotline allows callers 
to provide information anonymously. To further support 
and protect our stakeholders and employees, Talos prohibits 
retaliation against anyone who reports unethical behavior 
in good faith or participates in an investigation. Reporting 
channels are outlined in both our Code and our Anti-
Corruption Policy, a link to which can be found in Appendix C 
on page 61.
Our Vendor Code of Conduct details the expectations of 
integrity for our vendors, suppliers and contractors. All 
potential vendors are required to acknowledge this policy. In 
addition, Talos’s operations and legal teams are responsible 
for approving all vendors and ensuring they comply with 
our high standards of anti-corruption, human rights and 
business practices.
For detailed information on our codes, policies, and 
guidelines please see Appendix C, page 61 of this report.
Governance
MANAGING CORPORATE RISK
ESG REPORT 47Enterprise Risk Management
An integral component of Talos’s overall business resilience 
strategy is our Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) 
framework and governance structure which standardizes 
the identification, assessment, management and reporting 
of risks and opportunities throughout the organization. The 
Board and executive leadership receive periodic updates 
regarding new and/or emerging risks as wells as the status 
of risk mitigation activities throughout the year. The ERM 
process enables the Board and executive leadership to 
consider critical risks, including climate-related risks and 
opportunities, when establishing Talos’s short, medium, and 
long-term strategic objectives and allows Talos to integrate 
risk assessments into business, operational and capital 
structure planning. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for understanding the 
key risks affecting the business and how those risks are being 
managed. The Board’s Audit Committee provides oversight of 
the enterprise risk management process as well as financial, 
cybersecurity and internal control risk. The Board’s Safety, 
Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee has 
been delegated the responsibility for oversight of material 
environmental, social, and sustainability matters, including 
climate-related risks and opportunities. 
Executive and senior management are responsible for 
understanding and managing the risks affecting the 
company’s ability to achieve its strategic and operational 
objectives, and for keeping the Board informed of the nature 
of critical risks and how they are being managed. In order 
to support Talos’s ongoing commitment to enterprise risk 
management, executive leadership established a cross-
functional enterprise risk management steering committee 
(“Steering Committee”), comprised of senior management, 
responsible for oversight of the risk identification, assessment 
and reporting process as well as monitoring and reporting the 
status of risk mitigation initiatives to executive leadership.  The Steering Committee meets with the enterprise risk 
manager throughout the year to ensure new or emerging 
risks and/or opportunities are identified, evaluated and 
communicated timely. Annually, an enterprise risk assessment 
is performed to identify and prioritize risks that could 
impact Talos’s ability to achieve its operational or strategic 
objectives. Risks are assessed against our corporate risk 
matrix, considering potential human, environmental, financial 
and reputation consequences as well as the likelihood of 
occurrence within a twelve-month horizon. Based on the 
likelihood and impact assessment, each risk is assigned an 
inherent risk score used to prioritize risk mitigation efforts. 
The Steering Committee assigns a risk owner for each critical 
risks identified in the assessment to ensure clear ownership 
and accountability for development and implementation 
of a risk response plan as well as monitoring and reporting 
the status of risk mitigation activities. The results of the 
enterprise risk assessment along with risk response plans, 
are presented to the executive management and Board. 
Managing Climate-Related Risks
PHYSICAL AND TRANSITIONAL RISKS
TALOS ENERGY 48Climate-Related Risks
Climate-related risks are dynamic and manifest themselves 
over different time horizons which may fluctuate due to 
variability in the economic or regulatory environment or 
changes in technology or consumer preference. As such, 
climate-related risks are reassessed at least annually to 
ensure they are appropriately considered in our short, 
medium and long term strategic plans. Talos considers short-
term risks to be those which could impact the business in 
12 months or less. Medium-term risks are considered those 
which may have an impact within 1-4 years. Long-term risks 
are those risks that may impact our operations in 5+ years.   
Through our ERM process, we have identified the following 
climate-related risks that may impact our strategy and are 
actively managing mitigation efforts.
PHYSICAL RISKS
Our operations are exposed to different types of physical 
risks, such as tropical storms, floods and other forms of 
severe weather. The potential impacts associated with 
physical risks included increased operating costs, delayed or 
canceled drilling or production activities, and/or disruption 
to the supply chain.  Mitigation efforts include robust safety 
protocols, Talos’s SEMS and incident management plans, as 
well as maintaining adequate property insurance coverage.
TRANSITIONAL RISKS  
Policy / Regulatory Risk: Policy and regulations 
related to climate-related issues continue to evolve. The 
impact associated with policy or regulatory changes will 
depend on the nature and timing of such changes. For 
example, current and/or proposed regulations designed 
to quantify and/or limit the emission of greenhouse gases 
may result in increased operational costs. Alternatively, 
regulations related to increased permitting requirements 
on federal lands may impact our ability to develop our 
assets.  Mitigation efforts include carefully monitoring 
proposals of new legislation and regulations related to our 
business, engagement with policy makers and regulators, 
identification of and investments in emission reduction 
technology and operations, and enhanced transparency 
through our ESG disclosures.Market Transition Risk: The demand for crude oil 
and natural gas may change due to possible stigmatization 
of hydrocarbon-based fossil fuels, technological advances, 
and/or regulatory impacts from the global implementation 
of the Paris Climate Accords. Mitigation efforts include 
maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity, a robust 
hedging program, identification and implementation of new 
technology to improve efficiency, and our recently announced 
initiatives to utilize Talos’s core competencies to source, 
evaluate and develop carbon capture and storage project 
opportunities aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Reputational Risk: Evolving perceptions of climate 
change may result in reputational risk and higher cost of 
capital. For example, certain financial institutions, funds, and 
other sources of capital have begun promoting the divestment 
of fossil fuel equities and urging lenders to limit funding 
to companies engaged in the production and sale of fossil 
fuels, resulting in an increased cost of capital. Mitigation 
efforts include proactively engaging with investors and other 
stakeholders, continuing to enhance transparency in our 
disclosure of ESG-related issues and aligning our executive 
compensation to ESG related targets, including our goal to 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Managing Risk
CLIMATE -RELATED OPPORTUNITIES, COVID -19 AND CYBERSECURITY
ESG REPORT 49Climate-Related Opportunities
Climate-related opportunities arise from our efforts to 
mitigate and adapt to climate change, including enhancing 
resource efficiency, adoption of low-emission energy sources, 
and access to new markets. The most significant climate-
related opportunities are summarized below:
Resource Efficiency: The identification and 
implementation of new technologies designed to improve 
resource efficiency may allow us to reduce operating costs 
and/or enhance production capacity while reducing our 
greenhouse gas emissions. As discussed on page 28 of this 
report, Talos has initiated a semi-annual Forward Looking 
Infrared Radar (FLIR) survey on our offshore platforms to 
identify otherwise undetected methane leaks. In addition, 
we are evaluating converting natural gas driven equipment 
to renewable power by installing solar and wind modules 
on satellite facilities, as well as the potential of capturing 
vented emissions through onsite vapor recovery units, and/
or injecting into pipelines where possible.  And while we are 
in the early stages, additional technologies we are researching 
include wind, ocean, and geothermal capabilities.
Products & Services: Our portfolio, coupled with our 
infrastructure-led exploration and development strategy in 
the proven basins of the Gulf of Mexico, allows us to develop 
our assets on an accelerated timeline with a lower overall 
carbon intensity.  Because of the maturity of this basin and 
its prolific pipeline infrastructure, routine flaring of gas 
production is unnecessary, which reduces greenhouse gas 
emissions as compared to many onshore unconventional 
basins that lack pipeline infrastructure.  These operational 
advantages enhance our competitive position, thereby 
allowing us to capitalize on shifting consumer preferences 
that place emphasis on reducing emissions.
Access to Emerging Markets: Talos is proud to be a 
first mover among independent energy operators to enter 
the CCS market through our collaborative arrangement 
with Storegga.  We have dedicated an excellent team of 
Talos’s technical and business development professionals, 
who are actively exploring opportunities with 
counterparties along the CCS value chain, which include 
emitters, service companies, transmission providers and 
federal, state and private landowners.COVID-19 
Throughout 2020, the rapidly evolving implications of 
COVID-19 identified a complex array of risks affecting 
virtually all aspects of operations. Due to the nature of our 
ERM process, Talos was able to effectively communicate 
risks to our executive leadership and our Board, and 
rapidly develop enterprise-wide management processes 
and procedures that prevented such risks from disrupting 
our business and operations.
Cybersecurity
Due to the critical nature of our infrastructure and assets, 
cybersecurity is a closely monitored risk at Talos.  We 
continue to utilize the National Institute of Standards 
and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework to 
guide our cybersecurity program.  In addition, Talos 
stays up to date on the most recent advancements in risk 
mitigation through information sharing partnerships, and 
we present regular cybersecurity updates to the Board’s 
Audit Committee.  We utilize shared threat intelligence and 
security automation to proactively protect Talos’s assets 
against threats targeting the Oil and Gas sector. Talos was 
proud to be recognized as a top contributor amongst its 
information sharing groups. In addition to our full time 
cybersecurity team, Talos also utilizes a managed detection 
and response partner for additional monitoring and threat 
hunting, providing 24/7/365 coverage.
In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic abruptly shifted the 
workforce to a work-from-home model. Talos was able to 
leverage existing investments, enabling our employees to 
work from home while maintaining the confidentiality, 
integrity and availability of Talos’s systems without 
sacrificing productivity. Talos recognized the importance 
of our people as part of a defense-in-depth strategy by 
continuing to invest in cybersecurity awareness training 
for all employees and contractors. We routinely perform 
simulated phishing campaigns on all employees and 
contractors.  We track those incidents when personnel fail 
to report and provide remedial training to ensure greater 
awareness and protection. Lessons learned from 2020 and 
2021 are now being leveraged to allow Talos to continue to 
improve organizational cyber resilience at the same pace  
as digital innovation.
APPENDICES
TALOS ENERGY 50
Appendix A 
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLES
ESG REPORT 51Workforce
Race2020
Corporate Offshore
Asian 9 4% 0 0%
Black or African American 7 3% 7 3%
Hispanic or Latino 34 16% 3 1%
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander 3 1% 1 0%
Two or More Races 8 4% 1 0%
White 157 72% 190 94%
Total 218 202
(1) Includes U.S. and Mexico, resulting in updated metrics for 2018 and 2019.  
(2) Hispanic or Latino is not reported as a minority in Mexico.WORKFORCE DIVERSITY BY RACEEMPLOYEE DIVERSITY BY LOCATION
2018 2019 2020
Total Female Minority Total Female Minority Total Female Minority
Corporate(1,2)189 30% 23% 225 29% 23% 218 30% 24%
Operations 177 0% 5% 196 0% 5% 202 0% 6%
Total Employees 366 421 420
2018 2019 2020
Total Female Minority Total Female Minority Total Female Minority
Exec. and Senior Mgr. 26 15% 15% 30 17% 13% 28 18% 11%
Mgr. and Professionals 146 25% 23% 176 24% 23% 158 24% 23%
Admin. Support/Techs. 22 73% 27% 25 76% 32% 32 72% 38%
Ops. Personnel 172 0% 5% 190 0% 5% 202 0% 6%
Total Employees 366 421 420EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY BY JOB CATEGORIES(1, 2)
Appendix A
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLES
TALOS ENERGY 52WORKFORCE DIVERSITY BY AGE
Age2020
Corporate Offshore
30 Years or Less 23 11% 16 8%
31-40 69 32% 47 23%
41-50 66 30% 75 37%
51-60 33 15% 39 19%
61-64 15 7% 21 10%
65 and Over 12 6% 4 2%
Total 218 202
VOLUNTARTY  
TURNOVER RATE2020
Global 3.1%
BOARD QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE(1)
Knowledge, Skill, Experience 
and AttributesGoldmanDuncanHommesJuneauKendallMahagaokarSledgeTichioWassenaarGlover
Other Board Experience Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Industry Experience Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
CEO / Business Head Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Human Capital Mgmt. / Compensation Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Finance & Accounting Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Exploration Yes Yes Yes Yes
M&A & BD Yes Yes
Oil & Gas Operations Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Academic / Advisory Yes Yes Yes
(1) Ms. Hommes, Ms. Wassenaar and Mr. Mahagaokar resigned from the Board at the end of 2021. Talos is evaluating the composition of its Board 
of Directors, and diversity, as well as their knowledge, skills, experience and attributes, will be important considerations as T alos considers adding 
replacement Directors.

ESG REPORT 53Environment(1)
GREENHOUSE GAS (GHG ) EMISSIONS FROM U.S. OPERATIONS – SCOPE 1(2) 
(1) Environment data for 2018 reflect partial year production starting May 10, 2018 from S tone assets acquired by Talos. Environmental data for 2019 and 
2020 include full year production from Stone assets. 
(2) Scope 1 GHG emissions include engine and turbine fuel combustion used to drive equipment and provide onsite electricity, fugitive emissions 
from equipment, and the venting or flaring of natural gas when necessary to protect worker safety during upset conditions or when pipeline access is 
temporarily unavailable due to repairs.
(3) Total Scope 1 GHG emissions for 2018, 2019 and 2020 include nitrous oxide in addition to CO2 and methane
(4) Includes GHG emissions from Talos-operated U.S. production platforms in Federal and State waters (Scope 1). Also includes emissions that are below 
the EPA GHG Reporting Program threshold that would otherwise go unreported. Does not include emissions associated with drilling activities or the 
HP-1 floating propulsion system. 100-year global warming potential (G WP) values were used to convert methane (GWP of 25) and nitrous oxide (GWP of 
298) to carbon dioxide-equivalents (CO2e). Emission changes between 2018 and 2019 reflect the updated BOEM Gulfwide Offshore Activity Data System 
(GOADS) emission inventory and/or Talos operating practices.  2020 emissions were calculated using the same GOADS methods and requirements as 
2019 emissions.
(5) Talos began calculating Scope 2 emissions in 2020.
(6) Gross Operated Production figures for 2018 and 2019 are updated from figures reported in T alos’s 2020 ESG Report to include production operated 
by others that is processed at Talos’s platforms.  This also resulted in updated GHG Emissions Intensity for 2018 and 2019.Appendix A 
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLES
2018 2019 2020
(Baseline)  
Metric Tons CO₂eMetric Tons CO₂e Metric Tons CO₂e
FugitiveCO₂ 
Methane  
Total(3)  
% Methane0 
71,884 
71,8840 
57,682 
57,6820 
43,962 
43,962  
100.00%
VentedCO₂ 
Methane  
Total(3)  
% Methane106 
204,921 
205,027117 
151,476 
151,59388 
118,624 
118,712  
99.93%
CombustionCO₂ 
Methane  
Total(3)  
% Methane264,523 
132 
264,829286,765 
141 
286,765231,182 
213 
231,554  
0.0009%
FlaringCO₂ 
Methane  
Total(3)  
% Methane7,117 
194 
7,34810,332 
1,527 
11,91310,282 
1,511 
11,847  
12.75%
Total Scope 1 GHG Emissions(3,4)CO₂ 
Methane  
Total  
% Methane271,745 
277,131 
549,088296,892 
210,826 
507,953241,552 
164,310 
406,076  
40.46%
Total Scope 2 GHG Emissions(5)CO2e - - 357.0
Gross Operated Production(6) 
(MMBOE)Total 25.2 27.9 23.3
GHG Emissions Intensity(6) 
(Metric tons CO₂e/ MBOE)Total 21.8 18.2 17.4
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLES
WATER USE
Units 2018 2019 2020
Potable Water(1)Gallons - 15,580,820 14,106,226
Produced Water(2)Barrels 21,307,866 23,328,175 21,594,495
SPILLS
Units 2018 2019 2020
Total # of Spills > 1 Barrel 3.0 0.0 0.0
Hydrocarbons Barrels 7.1 0.0 0.0
Water Barrels 0.0 0.0 0.0
Other Barrels 0.0 0.0 0.0
ENVIRONMENTAL FINES AND PENALTIES
2018 2019 2020
U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) $7,750 $8,250 $7,250
Bureau of Safety and Environmental  
Enforcement (BSEE)$0 $0 $0
WASTE
Units 2018 2019 2020
Non-Hazardous Waste(3)Barrels 94,902 39,385 35,658
Naturally Occurring Radioactive Material Barrels 53 225 360
TALOS ENERGY 54Appendix A
(1) Potable water includes all water brought onsite for use by employees. Talos did not track potable water in 2018.
(2) Produced water is reported on a gross basis and is collected, treated onsite, and discharged in accordance with NPDES permits.
(3) Data includes completion fluids, oil base drilling waste, pipeline water/waste, production pit sludges, production sands and solids, storage tank 
sludges, washout pit water, washout water, and water base drilling waste.
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLES
ESG REPORT 55Appendix A 
Health and Safety(1)
(1) Injury rate calculations use the OSHA 200,000 man-hour calculation to normalize to an equivalent of 100 full time employees working 40 hours per 
week 50 weeks per yearHOURS WORKED
2018 2019 2020
Employees 745,457 996,629 1,231,874
Contractors 1, 890,131 2,673,110 2,445,370
Combined 2,635,588 3,669,739 3,677,244
FATALITIES
2018 2019 2020
Employees 0 0 0
Contractors 1 0 0
Combined 1 0 0
LOST TIME INCIDENTS
2018 2019 2020
Employees 0 0 1
Contractors 3 2 3
Combined 3 2 4
LOST TIME INCIDENT RATE (LTIR)
2018 2019 2020
Employees 0.00 0.00 0.16
Contractors 0.32 0.15 0.25
Combined 0.23 0.11 0.21
TOTAL RECORDABLE INCIDENTS
2018 2019 2020
Employees 2 0 1
Contractors 13 9 9
Combined 15 9 10
2018 2019 2020
Corporate Donations $50,000 $55,000 $83,290
Corporate Pledges NA $808,357(2)NA
Employee Donations
$16,520(3)$21,981(3)$28,365
Corporate Matches $16,565
Charitable Golf Tournament $55,000(4) $140,000 NA(5)
Total Combined Social Investment $121,520 $1,025,338 $128,220SUBHEAD HERE
TALOS ENERGY 56Appendix A
Health and Safety(1)
TOTAL RECORDABLE INCIDENT RATE (TRIR )
2018 2019 2020
Employees 0.53 0.00 0.05
Contractors 1.37 0.67 0.49
Combined 1.13 0.49 0.54
NEAR MISS FREQUENCY RATE
2018 2019 2020
Employees 0.30 0.87 0.22
Contractors 6.90 1.25 0.71
Combined 7.20 2.12 0.93
Social Investment
(1) Injury rate calculations use the OSHA 200,000 man-hour calculation to normalize to an equivalent of 100 full time employees working 40 hours per 
week 50 weeks per year 
(2) Talos has pledged $808,357 as part of a $25 million industry match against public dollars for construction of Phase 2 of the Louisiana Highway (LA 1) 
Improvement Project. Talos and the LA 1 Coalition have executed a Cooperative Endeavor Agreement, which provides that the LA 1 Coalition will provide 
to Talos a copy of the Louisiana Dept. of Transportation executed construction agreement by December 1, 2021, after which Talos will remit to the LA 1 
Coalition five equal yearly payments of $161,671, payable in February of 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, and 2026. 
(3) Talos previously reported as a combined number
(4) Talos raised $550,000 from 2008-2018. $55,000 reflects annual average during this 10-year period, before Talos began keeping annual records in 2019.
(5) The Talos annual Charitable Golf Tournament did not take place in 2020 due to COVID-19
ESG REPORT 57Appendix B
GRI/SASB COMBINED INDEX
GRI 102: GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES
GRI 
DisclosureDescription Location
102-1 Name of the organization Form 10-K
102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services Our Company – Our Company
102-3 Location of headquarters Our Company – Talos at a Glance
102-4 Locations of operations Our Company – Talos at a Glance
102-5 Ownership and legal form Form 10-K 
102-6 Markets served Our Company – Talos at a Glance
102-7 Scale of the organization Our Company – Talos at a Glance
102-8 Information on employees and other workersOur Company – Talos at a Glance; Social – Workforce 
Diversity: Performance Data Tables - Workforce
102-12 External initiatives Our Company – ESG Partnerships and Memberships
102-13 Membership of associations Our Company – ESG Partnerships and Memberships
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker CEO Letter
102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviorOur Company – Talos Commitment to Excellence,  
Our ESG Strategy and Commitments; Governance
102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Governance – Ethics and Compliance
102-18 Governance structure Governance – Board of Directors
102-19 Delegating authority Governance – Board of Directors
102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics Our Company – ESG Board Oversight; About this Report 
102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics Our Company – Stakeholder Engagement
102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees Governance – Board of Directors
102-23 Chair of the highest governance body Governance – Board of Directors
102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body Governance – Board of Directors
102-25 Conflicts of interest Governance – Ethics and Compliance
102-26 Role of the highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy Governance – Board of Directors
102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body Governance – Board Diversity
Appendix B
GRI/SASB COMBINED INDEX
TALOS ENERGY 58GRI 102: GENERAL STANDARD DISCLOSURES
GRI 
DisclosureDescription Location
102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body's performance Governance – Board Diversity
102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts Our Company – ESG Priorities
102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics Our Company – ESG Priorities
102-32 Highest governance body's role in sustainability reportingOur Company – ESG Board Oversight; Governance – 
Board of Directors
102-33 Communicating critical concerns Our Company – ESG Priorities
102-34 Nature and total number of critical concerns About this Report
102-40 List of stakeholder groups Our Company – Stakeholder Engagement
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders Our Company – Stakeholder Engagement
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement Our Company – Stakeholder Engagement
102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements
102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries About this Report
102-48 Restatements of informationAppendix A – Greenhouse Gas Emissions from U.S. 
Operations (Scope 1) Gross Operated Production figures 
for 2018 and 2019 are updated from figures reported in 
Talos’s 2020 ESG Report to include production operated 
by others that is processed at Talos’s platforms.  This 
also resulted in updated GHG Emissions Intensity for 
2018 and 2019. Emission changes between 2018 and 
2019 also reflect the updated BOEM Gulfwide Offshore 
Activity Data System (GOADS) emission inventory and/
or Talos operating practices.  
102-49 Changes in reporting About this Report
102-50 Reporting period About this Report
102-51 Date of most recent report About this Report
102-52 Reporting cycle About this Report
102-53 Contact point for questions regarding report About this Report
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards About this Report
102-55 GRI Content Index Appendix B 
102-56 External assurance About this Report
Appendix B
GRI/SASB COMBINED INDEX
ESG REPORT 59GRI 205: ANTI -CORRUPTIONEconomic Topics
GRI 
DisclosureDescription Location
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures Governance – Ethics and Compliance
GRI 303: WATER & EFFLUENTS
303-4 Water discharge Appendix A – Water Use
303-5 Water consumption Appendix A – Water Use
GRI 304: BIODIVERSITY
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity Environment - Biodiversity
304-3 Habitats protected or restored Environment - Biodiversity
SASB: BIODIVERSITY IMPACTS
EM-EP-160a.1Description of environmental management policies and practices  
for active sitesEnvironment – Care for the Environment
EM-EP-160a.2Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, volume in Arctic, 
volume impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10,  
and volume recoveredEnvironment – Ocean Protection; Appendix A - Spills
EM-EP-160a.3Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near sites with 
protected conservation status or endangered species habitatEnvironment - Biodiversity
GRI 305: EMISSIONS
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissionsEnvironment – Climate Change and Emissions; Appendix A – 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions from U.S. Operations
305-4 GHG emissions intensityAppendix A – Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions from  
U.S. Operations (Scope 1)
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Environment – Climate Change and Emissions
SASB: GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
EM-EP-110a.1 Gross global Scope 1 emissions, Appendix A – Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions from 
U.S. Operations (Scope 1)
EM-EP-110a.2Amount of gross global Scope 1 emissions from: (1) flared hydrocarbons, 
(2) other combustion, (3) process emissions, (4) other vented emissions, 
and (5) fugitive emissionsAppendix A – Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions from 
U.S. Operations (Scope 1)
EM-EP-110a.3Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage  
Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of  
performance against those targetsEnvironment – Climate Change and Emissions; Appendix 
A - Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions from U.S.  
Operations (Scope 1)Environment Topics
GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION
404-2 Programs for upskilling Social – Training and DevelopmentAppendix B
GRI/SASB COMBINED INDEX
TALOS ENERGY 60GRI 306: WASTE
GRI 
DisclosureDescription Location
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts Environment – Waste Management; Appendix A – Waste
GRI 307: ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 
307-1 Non-Compliance with environmental laws and regulations Appendix A – Environmental Fines & Penalties
GRI 401: EMPLOYMENTSocial Topics
401-2Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary  
or part-time employeesSocial - Benefits
401-3 Parental leave Social - Benefits
GRI 405: DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Social -  Workforce Diversity; Governance – Board Diversity; Appendix A - Workforce403-1 Occupational health and safety management systemSafety – Talos Culture of Safety; Safety and Environmental Management 
System and Talos Safe Operating Practices
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Safety – Assessing Safety Risk
403-3 Occupational health services Safety
403-4Worker participation, consultation, and communication on  
occupational health and safetySafety – Safety Trainings
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Safety – Safety Trainings
403-6 Promotion of worker health Safety – Talos Culture of Safety
403-7Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety 
impacts directly linked by business relationshipsSafety – Assessing Safety Risk; Our Health, Safety, and Environment 
Drilling Operations Scorecard
403-8Workers covered by an occupational health and safety  
management system Safety - Safety and Environmental Management System and Talos Safe 
Operating Practices; Safety Trainings
403-9 Work related injuries Safety – Highlights; Appendix A – Safety & Health 
403-10 Work related ill healthSafety – Talos Culture of Safety; Appendix A – Health & Safety; Safety – 
Responding to COVID-19GRI 403: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY
SASB: WORKFORCE HEALTH & SAFETY
EM-EP-320a.1(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near miss frequency rate (NMFR),  
and (4) average hours of health, safety, and emergency response training for (a) full-time  
employees, (b) contract employees, and (c) short-service employeesSafety – Talos Culture of Safety;  
Appendix A – Health & Safety
Appendix C
REFERENCED DOCUMENTS
Webpages
 ■Corporate Governance Home Page
 ■Corporate Responsibility Overview
 ■Investors Overview
 ■SEC Filings  
 
Corporate Governance Guidelines and Policies
 ■Corporate Governance Guidelines
 ■Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
 ■Anti-Corruption Policy
 ■Human Rights Policy
 ■Vendor Code of Conduct  
Corporate Governance Reporting and Financials
 ■2020 Annual Report
 ■2020 Proxy Statement
 ■A&R Certificate of Incorporation of Sailfish Energy Holding
 ■A&R Bylaws of Talos Energy Inc.  
Corporate Governance Committee Charters
 ■Audit Committee Charter
 ■Compensation Committee Charter
 ■Nominating & Governance Committee Charter
 ■Safety, Sustainability & Corporate Responsibility Committee Charter
ESG REPORT 61
Appendix D
TALOS SAFE OPERATING PRACTICES (TSOP ) DETAILED CONTENTS
I. SEMS Overview
II. Talos Health, Safety and Environmental (HSE) Policy
III. Talos Drug and Alcohol Policy
IV. General Workplace and Personnel Safety
a. Purpose
b. Scope
c. Objective
d. Roles and Responsibilities
e. Accident Prevention Signs & Tags
f. Offshore Transportation Safety
g. Personal Protective Equipment
h. Respiratory Protection
i. Bloodborne Pathogens
j. Asbestos Safety
k. Benzene Safety
l. Hydrogen Sulfide (H2S) Safety
m. Naturally Occurring Radioactive Material (NORM)
n. Hazard Communication (HAZCOM)
o. Fall Protection
p. Scaffolding
q. Hearing Conservation
r. Hand Tool Maintenance and Use
s. Fire Prevention
t. Electrical Safety
u. Manual Lifting
v. Ladder Safety
w. Personnel Basket Transfer
x. Heat Stress and Illness Prevention
y. Hot Bolting
z. Hot Tapping
aa. Fatigue Management
bb. Short Service Employee (SSE)
cc. Drone Policy
dd. Office Safety
V. Incident Reporting
a. Reportable Incidents to Governmental Agencies
b. Reporting Unsafe Conditions
c. Medical Case Management
d. Incident Investigation Process
VI. Crane Operations and Maintenance Program
a. Objective
b. Purpose and Scope
c. Definitions
d. References
e. Responsibilities
f. Operating Practices, Procedures, and Requirements
g. Inspection and Maintenance
h. Crane Operator Qualifications
i. Rigger Qualificationsj. Overhead/Portable Hoist Operating Practices, Procedures, and 
Requirements
k. Appendix A – Field Summary
l. Appendix B – Crane Terminology
m. Appendix C – Rigging Specifications
n. Appendix D – Standard Hand Signals for Controlling Crane Operations
o. Appendix E – Heavy Lift Worksheet
p. Appendix F – Daily Crane Pre-Use Inspection and Usage Log
q. Appendix G – Crane Monthly Inspection
r. Appendix H – Offshore Drum Rack Design Guidelines
s. Appendix I – Bottle Rack Design Guidelines
VII. Control of Work
a. Definitions
b. Control of Work Components
c. Job Safety and Environmental Analysis (JSEA)
d. Energy Isolation – Lockout/Tagout (LOTO)
e. Breaking Containment
f. Hot Work (Welding, Burning, Cutting)
g. Confined Space Entry
VIII. Simultaneous Operations
a. Simultaneous Operations
b. Non-Simultaneous Operations
c. Definitions
d. Responsibilities
e. Ultimate Work Authority (UWA) During SIMOPS
f. Ultimate Work Authority Agreement Form
g. General Requirements
IX. Stop Work Authority (SWA)
a. Purpose
b. Scope
c. Process and Responsibilities
d. Appendix A – Stop Work Authority Flowchart
X. Production Operations
a. Production Safety Systems Bypassing and Monitoring
b. Pipe or Vessel Purge
c. Pipeline Pigging
XI. Drilling Safety
a. General Requirements
XII. Well Site Operations
a. Precautions
b. Well Servicing Operations
c. Perforating
d. Wire Line Operations
TALOS ENERGY 62
Appendix E
FORWARD -LOOKING STATEMENT
This communication may contain “forward-looking 
statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), 
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended. All statements, other than statements of historical 
fact included in this communication, regarding our strategy, 
future operations, financial position, estimated revenues 
and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives 
of management are forward-looking statements. When 
used in this communication, the words “could,” “believe,” 
“anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” 
“forecast, “may,” “objective,” “plan” and similar expressions 
are intended to identify forward-looking statements, 
although not all forward-looking statements contain such 
identifying words. These forward-looking statements 
are based on our current expectations and assumptions 
about future events and are based on currently available 
information as to the outcome and timing of future events. 
We caution you that these forward-looking statements are 
subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, most of which 
are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our 
control. These risks include, but are not limited to, the 
final terms of the lease agreement with the Texas General 
Land Office, the success of the Company’s exclusive joint 
venture with Storegga, commodity price volatility, including 
the sharp decline in oil prices beginning in March 2020, 
the impact of the coronavirus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) 
and governmental measures related thereto on global 
demand for oil and natural gas and on the operations of 
our business, the ability or willingness of the Organization 
of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) and non-OPEC 
countries, such as Saudi Arabia and Russia, to set and maintain oil production levels and the impact of any such 
actions, lack of transportation and storage capacity as a 
result of oversupply, government regulations and actions 
or other factors, inflation, lack of availability of drilling 
and production equipment and services, environmental 
risks, drilling and other operating risks, regulatory 
changes, the uncertainty inherent in estimating reserves 
and in projecting future rates of production, cash flow and 
access to capital, the timing of development expenditures, 
the possibility that the anticipated benefits of recent 
acquisitions are not realized when expected or at all, 
including as a result of the impact of, or problems arising 
from, the integration of such acquisitions, and other factors 
that may affect our future results and business, generally, 
including those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” 
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021 
and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly 
period ended September 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on 
November 3, 2021. Should one or more of these risks occur, 
or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our 
actual results and plans could differ materially from those 
expressed in any forward-looking statements. All forward-
looking statements, expressed or implied, are expressly 
qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. 
This cautionary statement should also be considered in 
connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-
looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf 
may issue. Except as otherwise required by applicable 
law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking 
statements, to reflect events or circumstances after the date 
of this communication.
ESG REPORT 63
CORPORATE OFFICE 
333 Clay St., Suite 3300
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: 713-328-3000 
www.talosenergy.com