
For 110 years, improving life at home has always been at the heart of our business. 
We are fiercely committed to developing innovative products that save time and effort 
for our consumers. From our introduction of the first electric wringer washer and first 
stand mixer in the early 1900s to our full line of energy- and water-efficient products 
and our leadership in connected appliances today, we relentlessly reinvent ourselves 
to bring purposeful innovation to homes across the socioeconomic range, in all 
regions around the world.
Throughout our journey of expansion and growth, our focus on driving a culture 
deeply rooted in Our Enduring Values has not changed. We remain resolutely 
determined to doing the right things the right way. From Our Integrity Manual  and 
Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC)  to board oversight of environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) risks and strategy, we have a steadfast commitment to sound 
corporate governance and ethics. Our Purpose 
These deeply rooted values of integrity and respect drive our commitment to our 
employees and to the communities in which we operate. We strive to provide a 
collaborative, safe and welcoming environment to ensure that Whirlpool is the best 
place to work and a place where our employees truly feel welcomed, valued, heard 
and respected. Additionally, we are dedicated to improving the quality of life for all 
who reside in the communities in which we operate.
With a vision anchored on improving life at home, we continue to focus on 
incorporating purposeful innovation into our products, identifying new ways to 
lessen our environmental impact, support our consumers, our employees and 
our communities, all while delivering significant, long-term value to our consumers 
and investors. 
Throughout our 
journey of expansion 
and growth, driving 
a culture deeply 
rooted in Our 
Enduring Values has 
not changed.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2

CONTENTSWhirlpool 2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH
 6 Who We Are  
 7 CEO Message  
 9 110 Years of Impact  
11 Our ESG Approach
13 ESG Leadership
17 Our Goals & Actions  
to Drive Impact  
20 Product at the Core   
21 COVID-19 Update  
ENVIRONMENTAL
23 Environmental Approach  
24 Accelerating GHG  
Emissions Reduction
27 Climate
29 Technology & Innovation 
Inclusive of Design for 
Environment
33 Product Life Cycle & End of Life
36 Sustainable OperationsSOCIAL
45 Social Approach  
46 Occupational Health & Safety
51 Workforce Development  
& Engagement
55 Diversity & Equal Opportunity  
62 Local Communities  GOVERNANCE
74 The Whirlpool Way
75 Corporate Governance &  
Ethics Approach 
76 Board of Directors 
80 Compensation Policies 
81 Global Ethics & Compliance 
90 Product Safety & Quality 
93 Responsible Sourcing 
APPENDIX
 99 Awards & Recognition
100  Partnerships 
101  External Limited Assurance 
110  GRI Index 
120  SASB
121  TCFD 
127  Forward-Looking Statements 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 3

About This Report 
This report covers the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021, for Whirlpool 
Corporation’s operations. Unless otherwise noted in the GRI Index, Sustainability Report 
Data Appendix or External Limited Assurance report, the boundary of this report 
includes 100% of our manufacturing sites, major non-manufacturing facilities and 
100% of our own workforce in all countries in which we operate. Wherever possible, 
we have guided readers to additional sources of information, including our corporate 
website and annual financial reports. Our previous annual sustainability reports can 
be found at: whirlpoolcorp.com/environmental-sustainability/ . 
This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards. The GRI 
Sustainability Reporting Standards are developed with true multi-stakeholder 
contributions and rooted in the public interest. This report also includes our SASB 
Index and TCFD framework reporting. Additionally, we obtained limited third-party 
assurance from Ernst & Young LLP (EY) on our 2021 reported greenhouse gas 
emissions, diversity and inclusion, health and safety, and product safety metrics.  
For more information about this report, please contact us at ESG@whirlpool.com .Trademarks
Amana , Bauknecht , Brastemp , Consul , Hotpoint *, Indesit , JennAir , 
KitchenAid , Maytag , Whirlpool , Yummly  and the design of the stand 
mixer are trademarks of Whirlpool Corporation or its wholly or 
majority-owned affiliates.
United Way, Habitat for Humanity, Boys & Girls Clubs of America, and 
certain other trademarks are owned by their respective companies.Images
Photos with employees not wearing masks or social distancing 
were taken following local COVID-19 safety protocols.
* Whirlpool Corporation ownership of the Hotpoint brand in 
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Asia Pacific regions 
is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 4

OUR APPROACH
 6 Who We Are
 7 CEO Message
 9 110 Years of Impact
11 Our ESG Approach
13 ESG Leadership
17  Our Goals & Actions to Drive Impact
20 Product at the Core
21 COVID-19 Update
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 5
Who We Are
Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE: WHR) is 
committed to being the best global kitchen 
and laundry company, in constant pursuit 
of improving life at home. In an increasingly digital world, we’re delivering purposeful 
innovation to meet the evolving needs  
of consumers through our iconic brands, 
including Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, Consul , 
Brastemp, Amana, Bauknecht, JennAir, Indesit and Yummly. In 2021, the company reported approximately $22 billion in annual sales, 
69,000 employees and 54 manufacturing  
and technology research centers.$22B   
in Annual Sales
OUR VISION
Be the best kitchen and laundry 
company, in constant pursuit of 
improving life at homeOUR MISSION
Earn trust and create demand for 
our brands in a digital world
OUR VALUES
INTEGRITY RESPECT INCLUSION & 
DIVERSITYONE  
WHIRLPOOLSPIRIT OF 
WINNING30% 
Refrigeration
28%  
Laundry Appliances26%  
Cooking 
Appliances16%  
Dishwashing
and Other

OUR APPROACH
Life at home has been at the heart of  
our business for 110 years—it is why we 
are committed to being the best global 
kitchen and laundry company and in 
constant pursuit of improving life at home. 
Over our long history, we have faced 
challenging environments, adapted our 
operating model and continued to drive 
positive results for all of our stakeholders. 
In 2021, we updated our long-term value 
creation goals that build on our strong 
foundation and reflect the fact that we are 
a very different Whirlpool than 100 years 
ago or even 10 years ago. Though we are 
operating in a very different world, we 
continue to make significant progress 
toward achieving our environmental  
and social goals.
Beginning with our founders, to the 
everyday actions of our people, our 
resilience and agility are rooted in Our 
Enduring Values and an unwavering 
commitment to social and environmental 
sustainability while creating value for  
our shareholders. Our legacy includes  CEO Message 
 A Message from Marc Bitzer
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
“Our resiliency and agility are rooted in  
Our Enduring Values and an unwavering 
commitment to social and environmental 
sustainability while creating value for  
our shareholders.”a responsibility to our people, our 
consumers, our communities, our 
shareholders and our environment  
that continues today. At Whirlpool 
Corporation, we purposefully innovate 
based on what families and households 
really want and need. We put exceptional 
quality, functionality and reliability first for 
our consumers and are reimagining the 
consumer experience through advanced 
technology. As the largest employer in 
many of the communities where we 
operate, we understand the importance 
of driving sustainable operations, and we 
don’t take that responsibility lightly. We 
continue to listen to our stakeholders to 
understand and address impacts, risks 
and opportunities and drive action plans 
to reach our environmental and social 
goals. Through strong governance from 
our Board of Directors and our executive 
leadership team, we continue to set the 
bar, raise the bar and make progress on 
those goals as described throughout this 
report. I’m proud to share a few highlights 
on the actions we executed last year.Demonstrating Action in 2021: 
• We committed to reach a Net Zero 
emissions  target in our global plants 
and operations by 2030 and developed 
climate transition plans to achieve it.
• We issued our first Sustainability 
Bond , enabling Whirlpool Corporation 
to attract investors who support 
our strong commitment to invest in 
projects that improve our communities 
and our environment.
• We accelerated our investments in 
renewable energy  on and offsite that 
will offset over one-third of global 
operations emissions.
• We received numerous awards for 
our industry-leading innovation , 
such as the 2 in 1 removable agitator 
in our top load washer in North 
America and the launch of new 
products in EMEA, such as our new 
built-in refrigerator, which is the 
quietest built-in in the marketplace.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 7

• We redefined our commitment to 
Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR), through the launch of our 
House+Home CSR strategy . 
• We contributed almost $4.5 million  
in 2021 to support United Way  
programming that positively impacts 
the health, education and financial 
stability of the communities in which 
we operate. 
• We renewed our longstanding 
relationship with Habitat for Humanity , 
re-committing to our 22-year, more than 
$130 million collaboration that helps 
provide climate-resilient and energy-
efficient homes and appliances to 
those in need. 
• We took action on our pledge to 
Equality and Fairness  for our Black 
Colleagues and made progress on  
our commitments. We launched 
robust unconscious bias and empathy 
training for all people leaders and 
broke ground on the building of a 
multi-family housing development in 
the city of Benton Harbor, Michigan, as 
part of our housing commitment to 
attract diverse occupants as residents 
of the community.• We expanded our scope of limited 
assurance  from our external auditor 
Ernst & Young, which now includes 
our disclosure of greenhouse gas 
emissions, diversity and inclusion, 
health and safety, and product safety 
metrics to provide further confidence 
in the quality of our reporting. 
• We remain committed to being a  
participant in the United Nations 
(UN) Global Compact  as we continue to 
expand our efforts to uphold sustainable 
and responsible business practices in 
our day-to-day global operations.
Our experience and results prove sound 
corporate citizenship and environmental 
performance are fundamentals of good 
business. Combined with our agile and 
resilient business model, we are well 
positioned to succeed in any operating 
environment. I look forward to sharing 
more updates on our progress as we 
continue our sustainability journey to 
create value. 
Marc Bitzer
Chairman & CEO
Whirlpool Corporation

Products & Planet110 Years of Impact
For over 110 years, we have been committed to being the best kitchen and laundry company in constant pursuit of improving life at home for our 
consumers, our employees, our communities and the planet.
1911
Founded the Upton Machine 
Company to produce electric  
motor-driven wringer washers, 
saving families time and resources  
compared to traditional hand washing 
methods for clothes.1970
Established the Office of Environment, 
allowing for the development of more 
efficient products for consumers  and 
methods of manufacturing, as well 
as working with government 
and civil society groups on 
social and environmental 
responsibility.1998
Launched the Resource Saver® 
washer—the industry’s first energy- 
and water-efficient top-load 
washer.  The appliance received an 
ENERGY STAR® qualification and the 
Good Housekeeping Seal.
2003 
Became the world’s first 
appliance manufacturer  
to set a global greenhouse  
gas reduction  target. 
2008
Issued our first Sustainability Report, 
reflecting our commitment to openly 
communicate with stakeholders  on  
ESG impact.2012
Established a Zero Waste to 
Landfill (ZWtL) by 2022 goal  for 
all of our manufacturing sites, 
with 90% of sites achieving ZWtL 
Gold or Platinum status in 2021. 
2021
Announced global commitment to 
reach a Net Zero emissions target  in 
our plants and operations by 2030.

1951
Established the Whirlpool 
Foundation  to address global 
social concerns through grants, 
volunteerism and leadership. 
Since then, Whirlpool Foundation 
and other community relations 
activities have supported 
organizations with more than 
$350 million.
2020 
Announced the Whirlpool Racial Equality Pledge , 
establishing a multi-year commitment to improve 
Black representation at all levels within the 
company and drive sustainable positive impact in 
our local community and areas of operation. 1999
Established a partnership with Habitat 
for Humanity . Since the inception of 
the partnership, Whirlpool Corporation 
has provided more than $130 million 
in global funding and nearly 212,000 
appliances for Habitat homes. 2002 
Launched Instituto Consulado da Mulher , a social program designed to teach 
entrepreneurial skills and provide opportunities to women with limited education 
and income. To date, more than 42,000 women have benefited from the program.People & Community 
Please visit  
whirlpoolcorp.com/our-purpose/  
for more information  
on all the actions we’ve taken  
 in constant pursuit of improving 
life at home for our consumers, 
our employees, our communities 
and the planet.
1995
Created the Whirlpool Women’s 
Network , our first employee 
resource group, providing a 
voice for women within the 
organization and supporting 
female employees through 
engagement, development  
and career progression.1993
Published a formal Code of Ethics  to guide our business 
and operating principles and to commit to the highest 
standards of ethical and legal conduct. In 2006, we 
established our Supplier Code of Conduct  reflecting our 
fundamental expectations of doing business with partners 
who are committed to ethical standards and business 
practices. Further, in 2019 we updated our code of ethics 
in Our Integrity Manual .

Our ESG  
Approach 
Our ESG strategy is an integral part of 
our long-term, globally aligned strategic 
imperatives and operating priorities. It is 
deeply embedded in our vision, mission and 
values as an organization. We continuously 
seek to identify ways to broaden our 
commitments to ESG efforts and make 
progress on our goal of making life in  
our homes, our communities and our 
operations better today and in the future.We aim to improve life at home through:
SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS 
& OPERATIONS
Committing to Net Zero impact of 
our operations by 2030 and creating 
shared value throughout the product 
life cycle 
SUPPORTING OUR EMPLOYEES  
& OUR COMMUNITIES
Investing in resources to help care 
for our employees, consumers  
and communities
DOING THE RIGHT THING
Holding ourselves accountable 
and maintaining robust policies, 
procedures and systems to ensure 
we live by our values 

Our ESG Governance & Leadership 
Our ESG Strategy is governed by our ESG Councils, which include a Social and Governance Council and an Environmental 
Sustainability Council, with three Executive Committee (EC) members on each council. To further strengthen our ESG 
governance structure and integration into our business, we named a Senior Vice President, Communications, Public Affairs 
and Sustainability to join the Executive Leadership team and report directly to our Chairman and CEO. Whirlpool Corporation’s 
Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer is accountable for reporting to the EC and the Board of Directors on 
ESG matters. The ESG Councils are supported by the ESG Task Force, a cross-functional team that embeds individuals and 
leaders from all areas of the business. The Task Force is responsible for planning, communication, education, prioritization and 
reporting around all ESG matters. 
1
2
3
4BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Oversees ESG risks and the integration of 
ESG principles in Whirlpool Corporation's 
strategy. The Board reviews and receives 
updates on our sustainability strategy and 
key long-term ESG initiatives.
CEO/EXECUTIVE 
COMMITTEE
Primary ownership 
and responsibility 
for setting ESG 
strategic priorities 
throughout the 
organization.
ESG TASK FORCE
Oversees progress against the framework, 
identifies and addresses challenges, enhances 
disclosure and monitors emerging ESG trends.EXECUTIVE  
COMMITTEE-  
SPONSORED  
ESG COUNCILS
Oversee ESG strategic 
priorities and progress  
on critical ESG issues.Governance Structure 

We believe that ESG is fundamental to our strategy and 
business, so we expanded our ESG Task Force to include 
key individuals and leaders from all functional areas to 
support execution of our key ESG initiatives, including 
members from:  “I’m excited to bring my knowledge 
and global experiences in engineering, 
product development, and marketing 
to help advance our company’s 
sustainability efforts by bringing 
purposeful innovation to our 
consumers and improving the 
environment for our employees  
and our communities.
Pamela Klyn  
Senior Vice President, Communications,  
Public Affairs and Sustainability  ”
• Communications
• Compliance
• Environmental, Health and  
Safety (EHS)
• Global Information Systems
• Global Product Organization
• Global Product Quality,  
Safety & Regulatory
• Government Relations
• Human Resources• Integrated Supply Chain
• Investor Relations
• Legal
• Manufacturing
• Marketing
• Global Strategic Sourcing
• Risk Management
• Sustainability
• Tax and TreasuryTo further strengthen our ESG governance structure and integration into our business, we named Pam Klyn as Senior Vice 
President, Communications, Public Affairs and Sustainability as a member of the Executive Leadership team reporting to 
our Chairman and CEO.
Klyn graduated from Michigan Technological University with a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering and earned a 
Master’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan, as well as a Master’s in Business Administration 
from Bowling Green State University. She is currently a Board member for the Boys & Girls Clubs of Benton Harbor and a 
Trustee for the Whirlpool Foundation. She serves on the Michigan Technological University External Advisory Board for the 
Dean of Engineering and on the Board of Directors for Patrick Industries.Task Force Composition ESG Leadership

Our Stakeholders
We want to know which ESG topics matter most to our business and to our 
stakeholders so we can be in a better position to understand and address impacts, 
risks and opportunities. Through formal and informal methods, we reach out to our 
employees, leaders, suppliers, investors and other key stakeholders for feedback in 
addition to our formal ESG materiality assessment process. Through our engagement 
with stakeholders, we aim to seek diverse perspectives and foster an environment 
where we take the time to listen first, be present and strive to make others feel 
welcomed, valued, heard and respected.How We Engage
INVESTORS
• 1:1 meetings
• Investor Day
• Perception studies
TRADE CUSTOMERS 
• Product line reviews
• Satisfaction surveysEMPLOYEES
• Quarterly pulse surveys
• Performance management system
• Enterprise Risk Management  
(ERM) surveys
• Interactions with Employee 
Resource Groups (ERGs)
• Quarterly leadership meetings
CONSUMERS
• Satisfaction surveys
• Third-party report ratings
• Education and service supportNON-GOVERNMENTAL 
ORGANIZATIONS/ACADEMIA
• Joint research (see ReNEWW House) 
• Conferences
• 1:1 meetings
SUPPLIERS
• Continued dialogue and  
shared learnings
• Annual audits
• Conferences
• Sustainable innovationPARTNERSHIPS WITH  
LOCAL ORGANIZATIONS  
AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS
• Volunteerism
• Financial and community support
GOVERNMENTS
• Policy meetings
• Public-private partnerships

Our Material1 ESG Topics 
ENVIRONMENTAL
• GHG Emissions From Products & Plants
• Sustainable Operations
- Energy, Water & Waste Management
• Technology & Innovation Inclusive  
of Design for Environment
• Product Life Cycle & End of Life  
(Recyclability & Remanufacturing)
GOVERNANCE
• Corporate Governance & Ethics
- Human Rights
- Anti-Corruption
• Product Safety & Quality
• Responsible SourcingSOCIAL
• Supporting Employees
- Occupational Health & Safety
- Workforce Development & Engagement
• Diversity & Equal Opportunity
• Local CommunitiesWe have developed our assessment 
of ESG materiality in accordance with 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Sustainability Reporting Standards. 
Material topics, in accordance with 
the GRI Standards, represent an 
organization’s most significant impacts 
on the economy, environment and 
people, including impacts on their 
human rights. Through the Whirlpool 
ESG Task Force, we monitor industry 
trends, regulatory developments 
and emerging issues. This is 
supplemented by our engagement 
with our stakeholders and assessment 
of external frameworks such as the 
GRI Standards, Task Force on Climate 
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
framework, Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB), CDP and the 
UN Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs). We regularly assess the risks and 
opportunities of emerging issues and have formally integrated ESG topics into 
our Enterprise Risk Assessment survey. 
As we navigate the rapidly evolving and 
complex space of ESG frameworks, 
standards and guidelines, we continue 
ongoing dialogue and engagement with 
our stakeholders to understand and 
address impacts, risks and opportunities 
as they relate to material ESG issues.  
Based on our ongoing dialogue and 
engagement with our stakeholders, we 
have added to the list of material ESG 
topics to ensure we reflect emerging 
topics beyond the results of our formal 
materiality assessment process that  
was conducted in 2019. The material  
ESG topics identified during this 
process enables our organization to 
set appropriate goals, prioritize our 
investments and actions and provide 
meaningful disclosures throughout  
this report.
1 Materiality, as used in this report, and our ESG materiality assessment process is different from the definition used in the 
context of filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

OUR APPROACH  / OUR ESG APPROACHWhirlpool Product 
Value Chain
Our material ESG topics are integrated 
throughout the Whirlpool Value Chain.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 16

Our Goals & Actions to Drive Impact
United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) are 
a call for action by all countries 
to promote prosperity while 
protecting the planet. Whirlpool 
Corporation shares these 
goals as we continuously aim 
to improve our products, our 
business and our operations 
to benefit our employees, 
consumers, suppliers, 
customers and communities 
by building a better workplace, 
business and world.SDG GOAL MATERIAL 
ISSUETARGET ACTION
• Occupational 
Health & Safety
• Diversity & Equal 
Opportunity
• Workforce 
Development  
and Engagement• Increase by 50% the number of U.S. Black employees across all 
levels by 2025
• Cultivate a strong, inclusive and diverse culture that drives strong 
employee engagement
• Zero fatalities and serious incidents in all manufacturing sites• Demonstrating action to advance our U.S. Racial Equality Pledge:
- Established Regional Inclusion & Diversity (I&D) Councils in the North 
America Region (NAR), the Latin America Region (LAR) and Europe,  
Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
- Completed our pay practices review for 2021, examining pay between 
employees of different gender and racial demographics 
- Launched Unconscious Bias and Empathy for People Leaders, with  
participation by 92.3% of eligible People Leaders
• Held third annual Global Inclusion Week, reaching 60% participation across 
all global regions 
• Certified 78% of our manufacturing plants in safety certification  
ISO 45001
Local Communities • Drive impact through our U.S. Racial Equality Pledge commitments  
to our community 
• Through the launch of our House+Home CSR strategy, continue 
our support of local community organizations and key partnerships 
through volunteerism and giving
• Expand our work with Habitat for Humanity® to double the number 
of people served from the last 20 years by 2025• Demonstrating action to advance our U.S. Racial Equality Pledge:
-  Broke ground on a $20 million attainable workforce multi-family housing 
development in August 2021, with plans to open in the fall of 2022
-  Launched P@th Internship Program, Apprenticeship Program, Benton 
Harbor First Initiative and Benton Harbor Pitch Night
• Employee participation in the United Way Employee Campaign grew to 
more than 35%, up 4% from previous year
• Our company and employee contributions generated nearly $4.5 million for 
United Way of Southwest Michigan and United Way chapters near our U.S. 
manufacturing plants
• Two out of every three employees volunteered with organizations such as 
Boys and Girls Clubs of America and FIRST Robotics
• Provided appliances for nearly 3,000 Habitat for Humanity® homes in 2021 
for families to receive access to quality, resource-efficient housing in the U.S.Here are the Sustainable Development Goals (listed in numerical SDG order) that we have prioritized in accordance with ESG strategic goals:

SDG GOAL MATERIAL 
ISSUETARGET ACTION
• Product Life Cycle 
& End of Life 
(Recyclability & 
Remanufacturing)
• Product Safety  
& Quality
• Responsible 
Sourcing• Zero waste to landfill in all manufacturing sites by 2022
• Requesting full material disclosure from 100% of our global  
suppliers by 2021
• Achieve 18% recycled plastic content targets in EMEA by 2025• Established Zero Waste to Landfill at 3 more sites in 2021, resulting in  
28 sites reaching Gold or Platinum levels
• Fully deployed Global Material Compliance Portal capability, sending more 
than 43,000 material compliance requests to over 1,300 suppliers across  
the globe
• Obtained 100% of signatures from our existing direct and FPS suppliers for 
our SCoC; implemented requirement that all new suppliers are required to 
sign SCoC as part of their contract
• Completed the PolyCE project, demonstrated the technical feasibility to use 
recycled PP in home appliances
GHG Emissions • GHG emissions reduction by 2030:
- Net Zero emissions from our plants (Scopes 1 & 2)
- Reduce emissions from our products in use (Scope 3 category 11) 
by 20%1
- Reduce 3% in energy intensity and 1% in water intensity every year in 
our plants
- 95% reduction of high global warming potential refrigerants and 
foams by 2023
• Build more than 250 climate-resilient and energy-efficient homes over 
the next three years with Habitat for Humanity U.S.• Committed to reaching a Net Zero emissions target in our global plants and 
operations by 2030 and achieved a greenhouse gas emission reduction of 
27% in Scopes 1 & 2 from 2016 to 2021
• Issued our first Sustainability Bond, enabling us to invest in projects  
that improve our communities and our environment. (See our  
Sustainability Bond Framework in the “Investors” section of our  
website at WhirlpoolCorp.com )
• Record performance on Scopes 1 & 2 emissions intensity and water 
intensity, as well as highest rainwater use in our plants in history
• Joined BuildBetter Campaign with Habitat for Humanity to expand access  
to sustainable housing 
• Progress since 2016 on Scope 3 Category 11 reductions to our 2030 goal  
of 20%
1 Compared to 2016 Baseline

SDG GOAL MATERIAL 
ISSUEACTION
• Diversity & Equal 
Opportunity• Launch new family benefits for U.S. employees to continue to support 
inclusive benefit offerings for families no matter their path to parenthood
• Continually improving the gender diversity in leadership positions with 
3% increase in female representation in leadership
• Energy 
Management• Reached commercial operation of our first Virtual Power Purchase 
Agreement (VPPA) that will cover approximately 50% of our electricity 
consumption at U.S. plants and help reduce our overall global carbon 
footprint in operations by nearly 16%. Additionally, contracted a second 
VPPA covering the remaining 50% of our electricity consumption, which 
will become operational in December 2022.
• Converted our U.K. facilities to be 100% powered by renewable 
electricity generated by wind and hydro assets
• Technology 
& Innovation 
Inclusive of 
Design for 
Environment• Launched a Sustainable Product Playbook in 2021, including chapters 
on recycled plastic content in products, sustainable packaging and 
substances of concern in products
• Launched Digital Literature pilot, saving more than 110,000 trees 
• Launched dishwashers and cooktops with expanded polystyrene (EPS) 
free packaging
• Launched High Efficiency heat pump dryers in EMEA
• Corporate 
Governance & 
Ethics
• Responsible 
Sourcing• 100% of all in-scope employees completed the Annual Ethics and 
Compliance Certification in 2021
• Held 2021 Global Integrity Week with 49 ethics and compliance training 
sessions globally, reaching over 12,000 employees
• Conducted 341 Supplier Audits in 27 countriesHere is a snapshot of how we are contributing to additional SDGs through our wider ESG efforts:

OUR APPROACH  / OUR ESG APPROACH
Our approach integrates environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) principles to 
drive impact at the product level.Product at the Core
A Whirlpool Clothes WasherENVIRONMENTAL 
• The average clothes washers built today use 78% less 
energy  and 47% less water  than those built in 1992, 
while their capacity has increased by 57%1.
• 100% of Whirlpool manufactured washers are  
produced in Gold and Platinum level  
Zero Waste to Landfill  manufacturing sites.• Washers certified to the ENERGY STAR® program 
in the U.S. use about 25% less energy and 33% less 
water than regular washers2. 
• 100% of our Consul brand washers are classified 
Global A by INMETRO3 and have a water reuse feature.
SOCIAL 
• With innovations such as Smart Features, 
Industry-first 2 in 1 Removable Agitator and Load 
& Go® dispenser, Whirlpool  brings an innovative 
approach to laundry routines allowing caregivers 
to save time and effort to focus elsewhere. • In our Faridabad plant, Whirlpool of India Limited has 
created its first manufacturing line with a 100% 
female workforce with a complete washer assembly 
line operated by 120 female operators, demonstrating 
a commitment to gender diversity  in manufacturing. • Our Care Counts  program helps provide 
access to clean clothes for at-risk students  
in need by installing washers and dryers in 
select schools, helping increase attendance 
rates, grades and engagement levels for 
participating students.
GOVERNANCE 
• Holistic innovation using Design for Environment  
principles in our global platforms connecting 
product sustainability directly with business goals. 
• Responsible sourcing  with supplier audits and 
aggressive standards on restricted materials. • Product safety & quality  processes and 
industry-leading best practices which are 
benchmarked by other companies  
to improve their own programs.
1  Per Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers (AHAM) Clothes Washers Ener gy Efficiency and Consumption Report 
2  Based on energystar.gov. See energystar.gov for further information on ENERGY STAR® efficiency. ENERGY STAR is a 
registered trademark owned by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.3  Per Instituto Nacional de Metrologia, Qualidadee TeconologÍa (INMETRO) Energy 
Efficiency Label
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 20

Taking care of our consumers, our employees, our communities and our trade partners.
TRADE CUSTOMERS & CONSUMERS
• Provided trade customers with resources and 
support to follow local health guidelines on how 
to keep themselves and others safe.
• Offering contactless delivery to our consumers.
• Continued our focus on safety and product 
quality amidst supply chain constraints.
• Continued to carry out service calls for repairs 
and ensured safe in-home service by providing 
technicians with guidance on how to observe 
local health guidelines to prevent exposure.SUPPLIERS
• Directed all suppliers to follow local health 
guidelines on how to keep themselves and 
others safe.
• Continued focus on responsible sourcing amidst 
supply chain constraints with supplier audits and 
aggressive standards on restricted materials.
• Continued requirement for all of our suppliers to 
abide by the Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC).COMMUNITIES
• Mexico:  We transformed our Nuevo León facility 
into a vaccination center, managing to administer 
more than 12,500 vaccines to Whirlpool 
Corporation employees, their families and more 
than 20 neighboring companies.EMPLOYEES 
• Teams around the world—in the spirit of  
One Whirlpool—are working around the clock  
to help support employees and their families.
• Developed a return-to-office policy based on the 
recommendations of the local, state and federal 
guidelines, local health data and facility readiness. 
• Hosted vaccine clinics at multiple sites around 
the globe.
• Implemented safeguards in our operating 
facilities in line with local health guidelines. 
• Brazil : Donated nearly $2 million to face the health 
crisis created by COVID-19. Together with other 
companies, donation of an oxygen plant to the 
Brazilian state of Amazonas to mitigate the impact 
of medical O2 shortages. Coordination with health 
authorities from Rio Claro/SP (3,260 workers) and 
Joinville/SC (2,258 workers) to immunize factory 
workers in the plants, expediting the vaccination  
of this priority group.

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTAL
23 Environmental Approach
24 Accelerating GHG Emissions Reduction
27 Climate
29 Technology & Innovation Inclusive  
 of Design for Environment
33 Product Life Cycle & End of Life
36 Sustainable Operations
 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 22 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 22

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHCorporation’s manufacturing sites and our large distribution centers 
around the world, spanning all our direct (Scope 1) and utility-related 
(Scope 2) emissions, and builds upon the 60% emissions reductions  
we have achieved across all scopes since 2005.
Our focus on eco-efficient products has never been more important 
as we continue to make significant progress in achieving our goals for 
emissions reduction, new green material alternatives and resource 
reductions through better end of life management, recycled content 
and closed loops in our supply chain. Our products continue to improve  
in their efficiency, and we are proud to say we have achieved another 
record year of reducing our environmental footprint. We launched  
a global system to more deeply understand and track the chemical 
composition of all our parts and components, developed new recycled 
content alternatives and began phasing out nonrecyclable packaging.
In 2021, our homes continued to be the hub where work, family and 
fellowship all take place under the same roof. To address the added 
strain on time and resources, we deployed a global communications 
campaign to help our employees and consumers adjust to the new 
ways of working and living. Our Global No Place for Waste campaign 
educated our stakeholders on how to take small actions to make a 
collective environmental impact at home. As part of the campaign,  
the Green Workspace initiative empowered our employees to make 
simple, yet impactful changes to reduce electrical consumption and 
improve the health and safety of their remote work environments. 
Additionally, we drove new education to reduce food waste in this 
time of shortage and supply constraints and provided new product Environmental Approach 
Fulfilling our vision to be the best global kitchen and 
laundry company, in constant pursuit of improving life 
at home, requires us to think of our house and home 
not just in terms of the four walls around us and the 
communities in which we live, but of the planet that 
sustains us. 
This is why we have a longstanding, steadfast commitment to 
sustainability. That commitment to protecting our planet and our 
communities has never been more critical than it is today. In 2021, 
Whirlpool Corporation accelerated our environmental sustainability 
progress to address critical environmental issues such as climate 
change, transparent and safe materials, sustainable resource use  
and responsible and resilient manufacturing. We are fully committed  
to a long-term view and to make the changes we need in our own 
operations and in our supply chain to help make production more 
sustainable—without shortcuts or excuses. Our entire team is 
dedicated to building even more sustainable products and helping 
consumers use them more efficiently. These changes aren’t just  
what’s needed to tackle climate change; they are also what’s required  
to continue Whirlpool Corporation’s important leadership in the  
global home appliance industry.
 
As we entered into our 110th year as a company, we announced  
an important milestone on our sustainability journey; a global 
commitment to reaching Net Zero emissions in our plants and 
operations by 2030. This commitment will cover all of Whirlpool See more at  
improvinglifeathome.comfeatures and purposeful innovations to allow people to manage their 
home, all while lowering their energy footprint. Finally, our consumer-
facing website, ImprovingLifeAtHome.com, was redesigned to give 
simple, effective tips to our consumers on how they can use their 
appliances to be more environmentally sustainable.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 23

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHAccelerating GHG  
Emissions Reduction
After nearly two decades of consistent reductions in  
GHG emissions, we accelerated our commitments in  
2021 to bring more urgency to this critical task.
Scopes 1 & 2
In 2003, Whirlpool Corporation was the first appliance manufacturer to set an 
emissions reduction target, and we continue to raise the bar through additional 
actions and commitments. In 2020, we announced that we achieved our lowest 
levels of absolute plant emissions (Scopes 1 & 2) in over a decade. This progress was 
made possible through investments in energy retrofits, onsite renewable energy 
and driven by the dedicated people and processes of our World Class Manufacturing 
(WCM) Environmental and Energy pillars. It is through these actions that we were able 
to announce our most aggressive target yet: Net Zero emissions in our plants and 
operations by 2030. This commitment covers all of our manufacturing sites and large 
distribution centers around the world, spanning all direct (Scope 1) and power-related 
(Scope 2) emissions. We achieved a GHGs emissions reduction of 27% in Scopes 1 & 2  
from 2016 to 2021 in our operations, and we plan to achieve greater reductions in 
emissions by continuing our strong focus on environmental and energy management, 
and continued focus on WCM methodologies. 
We measure and monitor GHG emissions in our operations using a leading third party 
solution (Resource Advisor) to track enterprise-wide, site-level data analytics. It combines 
quality assurance and data capture capabilities into one energy and carbon management 
solution which allows for secure access to data from global sites, and creation of reports 
and summaries to drive our sustainability programs and inform disclosures. Driving to Net Zero Emissions in Our Plants and OperationsScopes 1 & 2 Emissions (MT CO2eq)BASELINE
NET ZERO 
COMMITMENT
2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2030 2005 (2021 vs 2016)27%  (2016 vs 2005)8.5% 
0750,000
500,000
250,0001,000,000
NET ZERO BY 2030
For nearly two decades, we 
have steadily set and achieved 
Scope 1 and 2 CO2e reduction 
commitments. In 2021, 
we committed to achieve 
Net Zero by 2030. 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 24

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHWe use data from Resource Advisor and external databases such as the WRI Aqueduct 
to assess our sites’ exposure to climate-related risks and use scenario analysis to 
assess future risks. More details about our climate risk management are available in 
the TCFD report . We also continue to enhance our GHG emissions and climate risk 
disclosures in line with the CDP and GRI frameworks.
Scope 3, Category 11
In addition to managing the carbon footprint that is under our direct control in our 
operations, we also consider the indirect GHG emissions that fall outside our direct
control, both upstream and downstream. Our products’ largest impact in terms of 
energy and water arises downstream in the use phase, consequently driving the
largest climate impact for the company within Scope 3. We continue to progress 
towards our SBTi approved target of 20% reduction in emissions resulting from the 
use of our products (Scope 3, Category 11) by 2030, compared to 2016 levels. To 
achieve these goals, we invest in innovation to launch leading products that improve 
performance, while lowering their overall carbon footprint. In fact, we have achieved 
a 60% reduction since 2005, well above the current targets being set by the United 
States and the European Union for 2030.Continued Progress Reducing Emissions in Our ProductsScope 3 Category 11 Emissions (MT Co2eq in millions) (2021 vs 2005)60% 
0150
100
50200
(Goal 2016-2030)20% 
2030 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2005WASHER EXAMPLE
Today’s average clothes 
washer uses 78% less energy 
than it did in 1992 but has 
57% more capacity.1 Reduce Scope 3 
emissions by 
20% by 2030 
1  Per Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers (AHAM) 
Clothes Washers Energy Efficiency and Consumption Report Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 25

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHBoth GEMS and Resource Advisor use the GHG Protocol standards to calculate 
GHG emissions from our products in use (Scope 3, Category 11) and our operations 
(Scopes 1 & 2). Adhering to the criteria of the GHG Protocol, Whirlpool Corporation 
obtained external limited assurance from EY for the emissions disclosed in this 
sustainability report as part of our ongoing efforts to improve the transparency  
and accuracy of our disclosures. 
Additionally, as we strive to further understand our climate impacts and potential 
risks, we enlisted an Environmental Defense Fund (EDF) Fellow to quantify and analyze 
other categories of Scope 3 emissions. The Fellow utilized emissions screening results 
and accumulated relevant external research and assumptions in order to perform 
calculations and integrate results at a global scale. The Fellow was then able to 
evaluate these impacts along the business value chain to determine the appropriate 
next steps for Whirlpool Corporation to continue to improve our methodology and 
drive effective emissions reductions in areas such as purchased goods and services 
(Scope 3, Category 1) and end-of-life treatment of sold products (Scope 3, Category 12).  
To address upstream emissions impacts, we continued our carbon offsetting initiative 
based on our use of advanced formulation blowing agents with lower global warming 
potential in refrigerators produced in North America. These conversions allow us to 
generate tradable environmental assets and operate in the voluntary carbon credits 
market by following the American Carbon Registry (ACR) methodology. ACR is a leading 
carbon offset program that has developed environmentally rigorous, science-based  
offset methodologies for years. Our carbon credits registered by ACR are sold to external  
buyers, and the funds are used by our product development teams to invest in innovative  
and sustainable products to help us achieve our emissions reduction goals.Whirlpool Corporation has always held ourselves accountable and we 
developed our propietary Greenhouse Gas Emissions Management 
System (GEMS) to determine our global footprint in all regions and 
product models and drive scenario planning and strategic decision 
capability. GEMS tracks data from a baseline year of 2016 in a systematic 
way by unifying over 12 unique systems into one global reporting 
capability that employs energy and water label specifications and 
consumer usage data to calculate lifetime product in use emissions. 
To accurately convert energy consumption to emissions, GEMS 
considers the International Energy Agency (IEA)-provided emissions 
factors and an average product lifetime of 10 years.SCOPES 1 & 2 LOCATION-BASED1
(metric tons of CO2eq)
2017
20192018
2020
202120162 241,266
 191,234 182,097 178,859 195,274
 172,392 591,405
 438,325 471,938 502,314 574,713 613,682 832,671
 663,172 684,411 753,572 808,956
 610,717
SCOPE 1 SCOPE 2 Location-Based SCOPES 1 & 2SCOPE 3 CATEGORY 11—  
USE OF SOLD PRODUCTS1
(metric tons of CO2eq in millions)
2019 682018 66
2020 61
2021 622017 722016272GHG Emissions
1Baseline for U.S. and EU is 2005 1The reporting boundary includes divested entities for the period in which they we re owned by Whirlpool during the year.
2The 2016 target base year was selected in accordance with the SBTi Criteria and Recommendations
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 26

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHClimate
Energy Management
As we accelerate our commitment to a sustainable operation, the efficient use 
and sourcing of our energy is key to lowering our emissions and impacts on our 
communities. Our World Class Manufacturing (WCM) efforts have accelerated, and we 
are now achieving beyond our targets in emissions reductions and energy and water 
intensity, while we continue to structurally invest in deep energy retrofitting in our 
plants. We are also leading the way in siting renewable energy in areas where our 
consumers use our products and maximizing our on-site use of wind and solar. Our 
growth strategy will be one that challenges our emissions goals, but our progress here 
will ensure that these lower-impact products are produced in lower-impact plants. 
Our governance process and project management of our Net Zero commitment  
is done with regional targets, with site level plans and projects to reach our global 
goals. In 2021, the project team in the North America Region (NAR) identified over  380 improvement ideas and is converting these into high-value projects. One of them 
is an LED lighting retrofit project that, when implemented at our Cleveland, Tennessee, 
manufacturing site, will result in a reduction of over 2,000 metric tons of CO2eq 
emissions per year. The site has also implemented a pilot program to switch to the 
use of hydrogen fuel cells to power 100% of its tuggers and will expand to forklifts as 
well. Hydrogen fuel cell technology offers a safe, low-carbon alternative to fossil fuel 
and reduces the downtime and maintenance costs associated with battery-powered 
vehicles. Additional building conditioning systems across plants and offices with 
upgraded efficient data centers resulted in annual savings of over 4,000 metric tons  
of CO2eq emissions and over $800,000 in utility costs.
We established a new milestone in our use of renewable energy as our first virtual 
power purchase agreement (VPPA) became operational in 2021. The VPPA is expected 
to cover approximately 50% of our electricity consumption at U.S. plants and help 
reduce our overall global carbon footprint in operations by nearly 16%. Additionally, 
in 2021 we contracted a second VPPA covering the remaining 50% of our electricity 
consumption, which will become operational in December of 2022. In the U.K., all of 
our facilities are now 100% powered by renewable electricity generated by wind and 
hydro assets. We are focusing our efforts on expanding VPPAs, on-site renewables, 
green energy procurement and leveraging a price of carbon to assess and prioritize 
the projects in line with our climate impact analysis that gives us confidence we are 
implementing the best return on investment, while meeting our goals.  In the U.S., Whirlpool Corporation 
is part of the Department of 
Energy’s (DOE) Better Plants 
Program. Together with other 
leading manufacturers, our goal 
is to improve energy efficiency and 
competitiveness in the industrial 
sector. In 2021, the DOE launched 
a Low Carbon Pilot to work with 
industry leaders in exploring low 
carbon pathways and demonstrate 
real world successes in achieving 
low carbon emissions. Whirlpool 
Corporation is excited to partner 
with the DOE on this initiative 
and collaborate with other 
organizations on the path to 
achieving Net Zero emissions.
(gigajoules) 2018 2019 2020 2021
Energy from Renewable Sources — — 113,895 127,023
Total Energy 8,060,536 7,851,315 7,144,184 7,467,571ENERGY
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 27

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHReNEWW House 
On the campus of Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana, 
Whirlpool Corporation’s ReNEWW (Retrofitted Net Zero Energy, 
Water and Waste) House continues to develop our talent and 
innovation pipelines, driving ecosystem advancement across 
our products and the home. 
The ReNEWW house embodies the aspirational vision for the 
project: To bring an existing, 1928 construction home into the 
future by converting it into a Net Zero energy, water and waste 
home while charting that path for others who wish to follow. 
By considering full home ecosystems and establishing links 
between previously unconnected appliances, we identify new 
opportunities for energy efficiency and new ways to give back to 
homeowners. The goal is to create homes that are regenerative for 
customers and spark interactions that embed sustainable living.
As high-performance building envelopes systems improve,  
new challenges of filtering and maintaining air quality in the 
home emerge. The pandemic further brought these challenges 
into focus as air circulation and filtration were primary 
concerns for everyone. ReNEWW is driving insights into the 
challenges of maintaining indoor air quality in well-sealed, 
highly efficient homes and serves as a testbed for how this 
may be accomplished.
ReNEWW also serves as a focal point for our long-term 
collaboration with the world class researchers and students 
at Purdue University, such as Dr. Andrew Whelton. Utilizing 
ReNEWW’s network of plumbing sensors, Dr. Whelton’s team 
continues to assess how home plumbing impacts water quality 
after leaving the city supply.In 2017, engineers at the ReNEWW House installed a Biowall 
that uses plants to filter the indoor air supply of the ReNEWW 
House. This technology drives toward the interaction between 
indoor air quality and air tightness of homes. In 2021, the Biowall  
research continued at the ReNEWW house with improvements 
to their design and control systems.  
Whirlpool Corporation engineers have continued their support 
of the research home next door to ReNEWW, the “DC House.” 
Here, Purdue resident researchers are seeking to convert 
all in-home electrical power from alternating current (AC) to 
direct current (DC), thus increasing in-home energy efficiency. 
Traditional homes operate on AC circuitry, but are composed of 
devices, appliances and electronics which require a conversion 
to DC power. Each of these conversions incur energy losses, 
which restricts energy availability and efficiency, and leads to 
higher costs. In addition, alternative energy sources naturally 
produce DC power, and thus suffer multiple conversion losses 
in order to be used within an AC system.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 28

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHTechnology & Innovation  
Inclusive of Design  
for Environment
Our Design for Environment 
(DFE) program connects product 
sustainability directly with our 
business goals by designing and 
building high-performance goods 
and services that take less from 
the Earth and are better for 
people and the planet. It requires 
a deep understanding of what 
is within the materials and 
components that make up 
those products, so transparency 
has been, and continues to be, 
a key pillar of the DFE strategy.
Sustainable Product Playbook
We created a Sustainable Product 
Playbook in 2021, including chapters 
on recycled plastic content in products, 
sustainable packaging and substances of 
concern in products. The playbook has 
been developed as a tool to educate the 
broader organization about how design 
decisions impact the sustainability 
attributes of products and to serve 
as a guide for Whirlpool Corporation 
engineers to reference throughout the 
product design process. In particular, the 
playbook helps design teams translate 
new requirements set by the global 
sustainability team into project-specific requirements. This action will help 
translate the Voice of Sustainability into 
the Voice of Engineering. The purpose of 
the Sustainable Product Playbook is to 
continue driving sustainable innovation 
and solutions in order to significantly 
reduce our environmental impacts and 
set target improvements, allowing our 
global platform engineering teams to ask 
the right questions at the right point in 
the product development process and 
integrate these improvements into new 
product introductions. Recycled Plastics
Whirlpool Corporation is committed to 
driving recycled plastic content into our 
product and packaging in an effort to 
address plastic pollution and reduce 
GHG emissions. In fact, as reported by 
The Association of Plastic Recyclers, 
recycled polypropylene (PP) produces 
between 29-60% less emissions than 
virgin PP. To begin this journey, we set 
one of the highest circularity targets in 
our industry within Europe and made a 
pledge in our EMEA region to use an average 18% recycled plastic content by 
2025. In 2021, we completed the PolyCE 
project, which was part of the EU initiative, 
Horizon 2020, and demonstrated the 
technical feasibility to use recycled PP in 
home appliance applications such as the 
washing machine tub. We currently use 
8% recycled plastics in our dishwashers, 
and we are developing solutions for our 
laundry products. Since our products touch 
water and food, we will continue to seek 
solutions and set goals for reformulated 
plastics materials that maintain our high 
standard of quality and safety for our 
products in all regions.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 29

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACH
Since our products 
touch water and food, 
we will continue to 
seek solutions and set 
goals for reformulated 
plastics materials that 
maintain our high 
standard of quality 
and safety for our 
products in all regions.0.1% which are subject to Substances of 
Concern in Products (SCIP) reporting.
The global Critical Materials Management 
(CMM) team coordinates and monitors 
the Restricted Material List. Suppliers 
are required to adhere to our Restricted 
Material List and report on banned, 
restricted and monitored substances 
of concern. The Restricted Material 
List is woven into all in-scope supplier 
contracts and parts approval processes, 
and is updated annually to reflect new 
regulations and customer requirements. 
In 2021, by forming close partnerships 
across our supply chain, we fully 
deployed our Product Stewardship 
tool globally, achieving our previously 
reported goal to request full material 
disclosure from 100% of our suppliers.
The tool allowed over 43,000 compliance 
requests to be generated to over 1,200 
suppliers around the world. Each request 
included the opportunity for suppliers to 
engage with our Full Material Disclosure 
(FMD) survey. After deployment, we Substances & Materials  
of Concern
We are actively minimizing the presence 
of chemicals and materials that are 
considered harmful to the environment 
in the products we manufacture. As part 
of this initiative, we are taking steps to 
end the use of polyvinyl chloride (PVC) 
in all new products. Significant progress 
on this goal has been made through 
newly designed PVC-free consoles and 
other aesthetic components launching in 
select new Maytag  laundry and Whirlpool  
dishwashers in 2022. Additionally, 
Whirlpool Corporation is actively tracking 
the use of Substances of Very High 
Concern (SVHCs) in products sold in the 
EU. SVHCs are chemicals and substances 
that have been proposed for further 
requirements for authorization within the  
EU. Tracking of these substances has  
been accomplished through our Critical  
Material Management process and 
through targeted surveys to enable 
collaboration with key suppliers to identify 
methods for reducing our dependence 
on SVHCs, in particular those above continued to see encouraging signs of 
participation from our suppliers.
Every year the tool is enhanced to 
simplify supplier functionality and 
data entry, with the goal of improving 
user experience and data quality. 
Data collected through the online tool 
demonstrates chemical compliance; 
however, as the database continues 
to grow, it will enable bolder design 
requirements. The global inventory is 
the foundation for our dematerialization 
efforts, alternative material sourcing 
plan and chemical/material phase-out 
strategies. We believe that arming our 
engineers, designers and suppliers with 
robust data will promote sustainable, 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 30

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACH
healthy and comprehensive design and 
decision-making upfront. Whirlpool 
Corporation monitors and traces 
all chemicals/materials of concern 
impacting our products but has 
prioritized three key opportunity 
areas given our product portfolio: 
increasing the usage of post-consumer 
recycled content in plastics, replacing 
halogenated flame retardants and 
polyvinyl chloride (PVC), and identifying 
packaging solutions with sustainable end 
of life situations. 
Sustainable Packaging
Over time, we aim to replace all 
expanded polystyrene (EPS) across 
our packaging and other disposable 
materials with more sustainable options. 
In EMEA, we are an industry leader with 
EPS-free packaging solutions for our 
cooking products and dishwashers sold 
at IKEA. Additionally, in 2020, we held the 
first sustainable packaging innovation 
event virtually in order to challenge 
both incumbent and new suppliers of 
packaging solutions, raw materials or 
technologies to bring forth new ideas. 
The event was an opportunity to listen 
to key stakeholders, investigate and 
explore new sustainable options in 
packaging, and advance on our pledge The Digital Literature 
program is expected to 
save the printing of over  
1 billion   
pages of literature annually 
from 2021 on, which 
equates to more than  
110,000   
trees saved. to continuously improve our products 
and processes. One key sustainability 
success from this event was the 
reduction of EPS packaging weight 
by 25% for the KitchenAid  ice cream 
bowl. Another successful outcome was 
a proposal which is currently under 
development for a 100% paper-based 
packaging design solution for our front-
load washing machine products. These 
key innovations will help keep products 
protected throughout the transportation 
process while decreasing the amount 
of waste after the product has arrived. 
Internally, we have developed a scoring 
mechanism to holistically evaluate 
the various parameters of sustainable 
packaging, including circularity, extended 
producer responsibility (EPR) programs 
and regulatory roadmaps.
Digital Literature
In addition to searching for innovative 
sustainable packaging solutions, we are 
also piloting a program to reduce paper. 
We intend to take thousands of pages  
of literature that has traditionally been 
included in packaging for our products, 
such as Use and Care Guides, and 
replace it with QR codes that lead to 
digital versions. This not only increases 
convenience for our consumers, but  it’s also good for the environment and 
reduces complexity for Whirlpool 
Corporation. The program, which has 
been launched in select products, is 
expected to save the printing of over  
1 billion pages of literature annually 
from 2021 on, which equates to more 
than 110,000 trees saved. 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 31

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACH
Green Pea 
Whirlpool Corporation is partnering 
with Green Pea—an extraordinary retail 
concept focused on sustainable living—
as an exclusive appliance partner. 
Green Pea Italy is a radical reimagining 
of the traditional department store 
experience, which provides a new way 
for shoppers to explore and interact 
with products that enable more socially 
responsible and sustainable lifestyles. 
Green Pea only presents products from 
partner companies that take a lead in 
environmental and social responsibility. This is why Whirlpool Corporation—with 
our track record of placing sustainability 
at the heart of all we do—is the ideal 
partner to show how smarter, more 
environmentally responsible technology 
can help consumers enjoy more 
sustainable lifestyles. 
Green Pea’s vision was brought to life 
in a 40-square-meter showroom that 
combines interactive digital media 
with hands-on product experiences. In 
the showroom, the products focus on 
the Built-In W Collection range, a line 
of products with intuitive technology 
for reliable, perfect cooking results. 
Products from Whirlpool  and Indesit  are 
also featured in show kitchens in the 
“Green Pea Home” display area, and in 
other partner areas such as premium 
kitchen designer Valcucine’s showroom, 
which includes the Chef Touch  
column from KitchenAid . To verify their 
responsibly manufactured and energy-
efficient nature, all products on display 
at Green Pea bear a specially created 
“Whirlpool for Green Pea” logo as a seal 
of sustainability.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 32

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHProduct Life Cycle  
& End of Life
Improving the lives of our millions of 
our consumers through responsible 
innovation and efficient appliances 
has been our priority over the 
last several decades. We do so by 
designing for efficiency that can 
help consumers decrease their 
energy and water use, while helping 
to save money, time and effort. 
We also look beyond the design 
phase and consider the entire 
environmental footprint of our 
products throughout their life cycle, 
from the selection of raw materials 
to the end of their useful life. 
Analyzing the environmental impacts at 
each stage of the life cycle is fundamental 
for implementing the right solutions that will 
help improve the product’s footprint. The 
methodology used to analyze these impacts 
is based on the International Organization 
for Standardization (ISO) for Life Cycle 
Assessment (LCA) that informs our product development process. So far, LCAs have 
been completed on products in five out of 
seven categories and we are improving our 
LCA capabilities that will consider life cycle 
impacts linked to our strategy to reduce 
emissions by 2030. Because products within 
the same category have similar impacts 
throughout their life cycle phases, we focus 
on analyzing key products that provide a 
comprehensive view of impacts and inform 
improvements for each category.
Circular Strategies
In an effort to address these areas of 
opportunity identified through LCAs, 
Whirlpool Corporation uses a range of 
strategies that are aligned with the circular 
economy model. Circular economy aims to 
reshape the global economy to eliminate 
waste and change how we all do business 
and consume things, applying strategies  
such as reducing, reusing, recycling and 
renting, so that growth can continue in  
a sustainable way. Making products more energy efficient
We are committed to reducing Scope 3, Category 11 greenhouse gas 
emissions by 20% by 2030 compared to 2016 baseline.
Using recycled plastics in our products and packaging  
We set one of the highest circularity targets in our industry within Europe 
to drive recycled plastic content into our products, with our pledge to use 
on average 18% recycled plastics by 2025.
Using recyclable packaging
We are replacing EPS packaging with more sustainable solutions.
Designing durable products  
We design for durability and received the Longtime® certification in 
France, which is the first label that identifies and enhances the value of 
products designed to last.
Reusing products
We aim to avoid final disposal of products through operating return 
centers and donations of refurbished products to charities. Additionally, 
we offer a water purifier subscription and refurbishment business model 
in Brazil. The circular strategies we are working on include: 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 33

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHWe will measure progress for our circular strategies by using the Circular Transition 
Indicators tool that was developed in 2020 in partnership with the World Business 
Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and other member companies, and  
by using our improved assessment of GHG emissions from purchased goods and 
services (Scope 3, Category 1). In 2021 we created the circularity baseline for our major 
appliances and, based on this, we will establish SMART targets to monitor progress. 
Product End of Life Management
Whirlpool Corporation strives to use circular design practices and product take-back as 
key enablers for the circular economy because it’s the point where materials go back 
into use or appropriate disposal rather than ending up in landfills or incinerated. We 
see this as an opportunity to collaborate with other key partners in the value chain to 
recapture value that would otherwise be lost.
Whirlpool Corporation integrates producer responsibility organizations (PROs) in all 
the countries, states and provinces with an extended producer responsibility (EPR) 
regulation in place, including 26 PROs in EMEA, 3 in Latin America and 5 in Canada. 
In countries where regulated take back does not exist, such as in the U.S., Whirlpool 
Corporation actively engages in multiple ways. We offer voluntary take back and 
refurbishment programs in multiple countries like in the U.K. and the U.S., where 
our return centers manage appliances diverted from waste and refurbish products 
for resale and reuse. In addition, we have been working with our trade customers to 
drive programs to take back and properly recycle our appliances, often for free or in 
promotion with the purchase of new products. Finally, we work with utility companies 
to offer rebates and take back programs for appliances, helping consumers replace 
old, inefficient appliances with newer, more energy-efficient ones. 
Consumers can return any appliances, including appliances produced by other 
brands, to be recycled by the PROs or trade customers, and there are multiple means 
available for returning end-of-life products, including drop-off at a store or designated 
collection site, mail-in and pick-up, depending on the geographical location. Take-back 
systems rely on consumer willingness to return their products, but some countries 
have their own particularities when it comes to consumer behavior, and the systems 
face challenges associated with second and tertiary uses of products and informal 
collection through a secondary market of appliances for resale of parts and scrap at 
the end-of-life.
Take-back programs are challenging to quantify due to confidential and proprietary 
systems, lack of data management software and consolidation of data across retailers 
and recyclers. To improve processes and governance, a subset of our cross-functional 
ESG Task Force partnered with an external consultant to assess market best practices 
for end-of-life management and evaluate opportunities for new solutions. The study 
conducted by the third-party concluded that our current practices comply with EPR 
regulations in all countries where these are in place, but we have an opportunity to 
further improve our internal monitoring data, which we plan to execute in 2022. The 
study also revealed market best practices around product reuse/refurbishment, which 
we plan to further scope in 2022 as part of our Sustainable Use strategy to extend 
product life.Whirlpool 
Corporation strives 
to use circular design 
practices and product 
take-back as key 
enablers for the 
circular economy.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 34

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHFootnote: Based on ten Maytag Feel Good Fridges installed in LA, NY, Detroit and Grand Rapids, MI Clubs in 
September and October 2021
Access to healthy food is an issue for millions of children 
in the U.S., and the pandemic made the situation 
even worse. In fact, a 2020 study cites that 27.5% of 
households with children in the U.S. are food insecure, 
which means about 14 million children are not getting 
enough to eat.1
All Feel Good Fridges are fully functioning returned  
units that have reentered our supply chain network  
via our Return Centers. Whirlpool Corporation carefully 
repurposes units with cosmetic damage that may have 
otherwise been crushed and recycled. Instead, these 
refrigerators are inspected, tested and cleaned at our 
facilities prior to arriving at a nonprofit location.
With a focus on Black, Indigenous People of Color (BIPOC) 
and targeted on rural areas, Whirlpool Corporation has 
partnered with Feeding America to attack food insecurity 
in underserved communities across the country. Over  
100 Feel Good Fridges were delivered to nonprofit 
organizations in 2021 to Benton Harbor and other cities 
throughout West Michigan. The Feel Good Fridge program 
1 Per June 2020 analysis by the Brookings InstitutionCIRCULAR STRATEGIES IN ACTION
Feel Good Fridge Program
An initiative to help provide dependable access to healthy food for children.Reusing  
Products
plans to deliver over 1,000 refrigerators in 2022 as we 
connect with Feeding America Agencies in Atlanta, 
Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Los Angeles and beyond.
In addition, our Maytag  brand, 
built on dependability, launched 
the Maytag  Feel Good Fridge 
program in collaboration with 
Boys & Girls Clubs of America 
(BGCA), to help create thriving 
communities that children and 
their families can consistently 
depend on. The Maytag  Feel 
Good Fridge also uses refurbished refrigerators placed at 
select BGCA Clubs across the country along with a grant 
to keep it stocked with healthy food for Club members 
and their families to take when in need. BGCA Clubs in 
Los Angeles, New York, Detroit and Grand Rapids were 
the first to receive Feel Good Fridges, with an additional 
20 Feel Good Fridges being placed in Clubs around the 
country by early 2022. 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 35

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHSustainable Operations
We know our ability to operate in 
the future depends on producing 
innovative products without 
leaving a negative footprint and 
helping to protect our employees 
and the communities in which 
we operate. This ideal of a 
resilient, sustainable operation 
drives our strategy to establish 
firm goals and targets with 
detailed transition plans to 
achieve them. We have set into 
place commitments on reaching  
Net Zero emissions, Zero Waste 
to Landfill, and reduced energy 
and water intensity, while 
protecting the health and  
safety of our employees. Whirlpool  
Corporation’s goal  
is to become  
the benchmark for  
global manufacturing 
excellence, deliver  
best-in-class 
manufactured products  
at competitive  
cost and create a 
sustainable advantage  
for our company.
A robust governance structure with our 
Board of Directors, Executive Committee 
and our ESG Councils monitors and tracks 
our performance and makes sure we are 
properly investing in those plans. These 
transition plans are detailed in this report, 
and they show how we can grow our top 
line and support our financial goals, 
while creating more resilient, efficient 
and safer operations. This year, we have 
seen record results in many of our 
normalized environmental KPIs again, 
showing not only absolute improvement, 
but also intensity improvements. Through 
our “We Care” commitment to protecting 
our employees, we have shown progress 
on reducing work-related incidents. With 
new data and reporting systems and 
capability, we recognized that a majority 
of incidents and injuries happen to 
employees in their first year on a job,  
so we are focusing on how to better 
support and train our teams to identify 
risky behaviors and potential WCM 
safety issues before they happen. WCM 
is a comprehensive methodology for 
improving productivity and quality and 
reducing losses in production systems 
through strong employee involvement.  It sets one of the highest global standards 
for manufacturing excellence. Plants are 
assessed by a third-party, according to 
the WCM criteria and, based on their 
results and level of commitment to the 
methodology, assigned a score that 
leads to an award that comprises four 
levels of classification: Bronze Level, 
Silver Level, Gold Level and World  
Class Level.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 36

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACH2018 2019 2020 2021
GHG Emissions Intensity Scopes 1 & 2 
(metric tons of CO2eq/product)0.0139 0.0122 0.0124 0.0115
GHG Emissions Intensity Scope 3 
(metric tons of CO2eq/product)1.19 1.18 1.15 1.08
Energy Intensity (megajoules/product) 145.4 137.8 133.4 140.6
Water Intensity (m3/product) 0.0958 0.0854 0.0755 0.0707
Waste Intensity (kg/product) 6.55 6.53 5.85 6.68
Waste to Landfill Intensity (kg/product) 0.2436 0.2229 0.1894 0.2060
We are accelerating our World Class Manufacturing 
journey, showing improvement in our scores. In 
2021, 28% of our manufacturing sites received 
higher Environmental Pillar scores, leading to 
more capacity and capability to drive faster 
implementation of key initiatives and bringing 
in new focus areas such as biodiversity, green 
procurement and green buildings, additional 
renewables, increased water targets and deep 
energy retrofits, which are all key to delivering to 
our committed goals. 
One example where we are deploying these 
initiatives is the new manufacturing plant in 
Argentina, which, in addition to creating more than 
1,000 jobs, will use some of our key learnings to build 
a green factory. This will be achieved through 
implementing practices such as rainwater reuse, 
wastewater recycling, optimized energy efficiency, 
LED lighting, real time monitoring for energy and 
water consumption and biodiversity conservation. 
The factory is also planned to be ready to reach the 
WCM Silver level, by taking into account aspects such 
as accessibility, quality design integration, flexible 
expansion design and an agile production system.
We believe these initiatives will propel us forward to 
a sustainable, resilient and zero impact operation.NORMALIZED1 ENVIRONMENTAL KPI s
1  Intensity ratios define environmental KPIs in the context of an organization-speci fic metric. In this case, the denominator is the production volume. Intensity ratios are often called normalized environmental impact data.Achieved record  
GHG Emissions 
Scopes 1 & 2 Intensity 
and Water Intensity 
in 2021.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 37

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHZero Waste to Landfill
We set our goal to reach Zero Waste to Landfill at our manufacturing sites in 2012 and 
have continued to invest in plant efficiency and waste reduction. We work closely with 
waste vendors and recyclers that service our sites, giving us confidence that we will 
achieve our target by the end of 2022. In 2021, 28 sites achieved Zero Waste to Landfill 
(ZWtL) Gold or Platinum status, aligned with the UL ECVP 2799 Zero Waste to Landfill 
standard. The UL Standard sets levels of achievement: Silver, Gold and Platinum. 
The Silver Level requires at least 90% diversion from landfill without waste to energy (recycling, reusing, reducing, rejecting) and up to 94% with waste to energy included. 
The Gold Level requires sites to divert 90% of their waste from landfill without waste 
to energy, and between 95% and 99% diversion with the waste to energy included. 
The Platinum Level is reserved for sites that reach between 99% and 100% diversion 
from landfill. Whirlpool Corporation expects all manufacturing sites to reach the Gold 
or Platinum level by the end of 2022. In 2021, five sites evolved to Platinum, and nine 
sites are now self-declared Platinum level. 
3
India
9
Europe,  
Middle East  
& Africa
4
Latin America 
Region
12
North America 
Region
In 2021, 90%   
of sites achieved  
Zero Waste to Landfill  
(ZWtL) Gold or  
Platinum status.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 38

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACH
(metric tons) 2018 2019 2020 2021
Total Waste 363,271 362,083 313,294 330,191
Total Non-Hazardous Waste 356,169 355,135 307,553 324,001
Total Hazardous Waste 6,186 6,948 5,741 6,190
Total Weight of Non-Hazardous 
Waste Diverted from Disposal 
(recycled, reused, reduced, etc.)342,984 342,422 297,077 312,948
Total Weight of Hazardous Waste 
Diverted from Disposal (recycled, 
reused, reduced, etc.)4,659 5,867 5,079 5,402
Total Weight of Non-Hazardous 
Waste Disposed13,185 12,713 10,476 11,053
Total Weight of Hazardous  
Waste Disposed1,527 1,081 662 788
Total Waste to Landfill 13,503 12,554 10,144 10,940WASTE GENERATION
WASTE MANAGEMENT
2018 2019 2020 2021
# of Plants Achieved Zero Waste 
to Landfill (ZWtL)8 8 25 28
% Manufacturing Sites Achieved 
Zero Waste to Landfill— — 70% 90%
% Waste to Recycling >96% >96% 96% 95%
% Waste to Landfill <3.5% <3.5% 3.10% 3.31%
% Waste to Incineration 0.26% 0.32% 0.20% 0.27%
% Waste to Incineration  
with Energy Recovery0.23% 0.20% 0.70% 1.08%Over 90% of our sites  
have achieved Zero  
Waste to Landfill
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 39

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHSite-Specific Actions to Reduce Waste
For the purpose of improving our waste management practices and continuing our 
alignment to the UL ECVP 2799 Zero Waste to Landfill standard, Whirlpool Corporation 
plans to start 2022 with a pre-assessment at one site in each region and a training for 
all global sites to ensure that each facility is equipped to meet ZWtL Gold or Platinum 
level by the end of 2022. As the deadline for sites to reach ZWtL Gold or Platinum 
level approaches, Whirlpool Corporation is looking ahead for a new level of waste 
achievement on the journey. Our sites have set internal targets to reduce the total 
volume of waste generated at the site, and each site is working to shift from recycling 
to reuse, reduce and reject rather than wasting materials at all. Such initiatives are 
guided by the WCM Environmental pillar.
In 2021, the Whirlpool Plastics site in Mexico  
achieved the ZWtL Gold level when they increased 
their waste diverted from landfill from 92.2% to 
97.3%. The site has focused on reusing, reducing 
and rejecting to lower their waste to landfill and 
overall waste together. In Latin America , 92% of 
the inbound raw material packaging in the Joinville  
plant are returnable (plastic and metal boxes), and 
the site also implemented a process to reuse plastic 
and cardboard packaging internally—annually,  
48 tons of plastic/cardboard are reused.  Our Findlay, Ohio  site reduced waste by collecting plastic 
bottle caps for the Miracle League of Findlay. 192 pounds 
of bottle caps were collected at the plant, then melted 
down to create ADA compliant benches for the Miracle 
League park in Findlay, Ohio.Zero Waste Mindset In Action 
At the Marion, Ohio plant, water fountains were disabled 
to help protect workers from COVID-19. As a result, the 
site noticed a huge increase in plastic water bottles in 
both recycling and landfill collection bins. While a majority 
of the bottles were recycled, the Environmental pillar 
team at Marion was able to save around $3,000 and over 
80,000 pounds of waste by installing COVID-safe, touch-
free water fountains and providing reusable bottles for 
the site employees.  
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 40

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHWater
The Environmental pillar of our WCM system is 
responsible for managing water consumption at 
the manufacturing sites, and uses a cost analysis 
tool to address losses in our systems. Using WCM 
methods, sites consistently perform much better 
than our 1% reduction per year target. Over  
the past five years, 34% reduction on water 
consumption has been achieved globally. 
Our water stewardship plan is part of the 
environmental management system and focuses 
on continuous improvement of water efficiency 
in our sites and supporting projects that improve 
water reuse and recycling. The sites use metering 
that feeds into KPIs for water management and 
conservation, and some sites interact with local 
groups within the watershed in order to make 
water-related decisions. Our employees receive 
WASH (water, sanitation and hygiene) services in 
all sites, including training on safe water practices, 
hygiene and general health. 
For the past two years, the Latin America 
region (LAR) has been piloting a new water 
recirculation measure to go beyond reducing 
water consumption each year. In 2021, the LAR 
sites recirculated 98% of their water intake and 
captured rainwater to reduce their water intake 
requirements. At the Joinville site, rainwater 
accounts for 8% of the total water intake. The 
water-saving initiatives at Whirlpool Corporation 
sites in Brazil were recognized with the 2021 National Water Agency (ANA) award in the category 
of “medium and large companies.”
Compliance with local and national laws and 
regulations is a priority for Whirlpool Corporation’s 
manufacturing facilities. In order to track 
performance and implement changes if necessary, 
all incidents related to wastewater exceedances are 
registered and investigated. In North America, the 
sites are going beyond compliance and striving for 
improvements in wastewater treatment.  
At the Marion, Ohio site the project team identified 
that the on-site wastewater treatment plant was 
consuming a large amount of lime to treat the 
incoming process fluid in order to meet standards 
set by the municipality, which resulted in large 
amounts of sludge being generated. After testing 
with multiple vendors and checking different 
technologies, the project team decided to replace 
lime with caustic for pH control. The new solution 
reduced the amount of sludge generated by 20% 
and completely eliminated the use of lime.Over the past five years, 
34% reduction on water 
consumption has been 
achieved globally.WATER CONSUMPTIONWATER CONSUMPTION
(megaliters) 2018 2019 2020 2021
Municipal Water 3,567.37 3,289.88 2,553.95 2,310.09
Groundwater 1,496.68 1,330.69 1,267.40 1,258.82
Recycled Water 164.72 176.49 175.03 105.53
Surface Water 222.19 187.27 224.14 185.63
Rainwater 22.46 33.99 28.86 70.84
WATER CONSUMPTIONWATER DISCHARGE DESTINATION
(megaliters) 2018 2019 2020 2021
Wastewater On-Site Chemical 
Physical Treatment999.86 1,034.09 946.59 895.85
Wastewater On-Site  
Biological Treatment291.32 306.54 272.04 264.15
Wastewater Off-Site Treatment 1,888.07 1,710.73 1,330.48 1,158.86
Wastewater Surface Water 500.64 605.42 587.26 509.67
Wastewater Evaporation 131.00 135.90 102.04 85.73
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 41

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACH
Biodiversity
In addition to promoting energy and water efficiency and waste management practices, 
the WCM Environmental pillar establishes proactive steps to preserve biodiversity in 
areas where Whirlpool Corporation operates. Natural ecosystems are vitally important 
for sustaining life on Earth, and they can be the basis for climate change adaptation and 
securing a thriving future for our communities. That’s why our efforts focus on control, 
protection and restoration of green areas, fauna and flora surrounding our sites, by 
partnering with key stakeholders in our communities. Our Cassinetta  site in Italy borders the protected area of Brabbia Marsh, 
which is owned by Provincia di Varese and managed by LIPU (Italian League for 
Protection of Birds). It is qualified as a Zone with Special Protection and hosts 
nine species of trees, 15 species of fishes and 41 species of birds. As part of the 
WCM strategy, Whirlpool Corporation is connecting with public authorities and 
the local university to start a conservation project, aiming at helping to protect 
the local biodiversity.
In Brazil , our operations are located in three important biomes: Atlantic Forest, 
Cerrado and the Amazon. Our sites are surrounded by a green area of more than 
370,000 square meters, which includes four rivers and two water springs and is the 
habitat of more than 1,370 animal species, including mammals, birds, reptiles and 
amphibians. The green areas are used for environmental education and awareness 
campaigns with employees and the community. In 2021, our Joinville site welcomed a 
group of 24 students from four different countries represented by AIESEC that visited 
the green area in the site and learned about biodiversity preservation and  
the company’s initiatives for helping to protect the environment.      
The Ramos  site in Mexico conducted a reforestation 
campaign with employees in 2021, in partnership 
with the nonprofit organization Apoya tu Bosque Local . 
Employees were invited to adopt trees, which were 
planted around the cities of Saltillo and Arteaga in 
areas that have suffered severe forest fires. In total, 
713 trees were planted.  
In 2021, the site also received certification from the 
Environmental Secretary of Coahuila de Zaragoza  
as “Green Office Gold.” This is a voluntary 
program aiming at engaging employees in the 
participating organizations and promoting 
responsible environmental practices that benefit the 
environment. Five aspects are evaluated, including 
efficient use of electricity and water, waste reduction 
and separation, efficient use of fuel and maintenance 
of the vehicular part and efficient use of office and 
toilet materials.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 42

ENVIRONMENTAL  / OUR ESG APPROACHEmployee & Community Engagement with Sustainability  
Aligned with our commitment to maintaining strong, lasting connections  
in the communities in which we do business and with our employees,  
Whirlpool Corporation continued to promote environmental stewardship  
through conservation and sustainable practices. 
Our Rio Claro  site in Brazil received two honorable mentions from the 26th FIESP 
(Federation of Industries of the State of São Paulo) Environmental Merit Award. The site 
was recognized for its Environmental Guardians Program, an initiative that engages site 
employees in promoting environmental practices in their routine jobs, and the New 
Environmental Management: commitment to the future and to World Class Manufacturing.
In Brazil , we dedicated the month of October 
to environmental education and had many 
activities with employees to celebrate Conscious 
Consumption Day, the Zero Waste Week and the 
International Day of Climate Action. More than 
100 employees participated in a webinar with 
Instituto Lixo Zero Brasil , a member of the Zero 
Waste International Alliance (ZWIA). Employee 
volunteers at the three manufacturing sites 
in Brazil collected waste from a public space 
and sent it to appropriate disposal facilities, 
removing more than 2 tons of waste. The team 
also participated in a webinar with Cristal Muniz, 
a lifestyle influencer who talked about individual 
environmental stewardship and invited people 
to choose better attitudes. In 2021, our team in  Lodz, Poland  participated in different 
events in partnership with the City Council to collect waste 
from the streets in the community and in the area around 
our factory. More than 440 pounds of waste were collected 
and sent to appropriate disposal facilities. In Italy, the team 
in Cassinetta promoted GreenWeek 2021, an event with 
students from several universities who had a chance to visit 
our plant and see actions implemented for energy and water 
conservation and waste reduction. 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 43

SOCIALOUR APPROACH  / OUR ESG APPROACH
SOCIAL
45 Social Approach
46 Occupational Health & Safety
51 Workforce Development  
 & Engagement
55 Diversity & Equal Opportunity
62 Local Communities
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 44

SOCIALSocial Approach
Everything we do rolls up to our 
vision to be the best kitchen and 
laundry company in constant 
pursuit of improving life at home. 
This is especially true in our 
approach to social responsibility. 
In the last year, we have made 
progress in many aspects of 
social responsibility while always 
staying grounded in our values.
Success begins by making sure Whirlpool 
Corporation is a great place to work where 
people can have a career, not just a job. 
Our philosophy is based on nurturing 
talent to bring out the best in each 
employee, as well as providing tools and 
support for employees to continuously 
evolve, to work safely and support the 
communities where they live and work. 
Along with other training programs, we 
introduced WeLEARN, a digital learning 
platform that covers many aspects of skill 
building and collaboration with others, to 
enhance each employee’s professional 
and personal development. In addition, 
our employee engagement survey moved from an annual poll to quarterly 
surveys to allow for more continuous 
listening and response. 
In listening to our employees, we 
recognized the need for more flexibility 
given the new work realities brought  
on by the pandemic. In response,  
we implemented optional remote  
work flexibility and continue to offer 
alternative work arrangements where 
appropriate to allow for a better work-
life balance. 
In 2021, our employees and leaders 
across the globe continued to show, 
through both words and actions, that Our 
Enduring Value of Inclusion and Diversity 
is critical, especially during unpredictable 
and challenging times. After establishing 
our Executive Inclusion & Diversity Council 
in 2020, we began launching Regional 
Inclusion & Diversity Councils in three of 
our four regions in early 2021. 
Our official “We Care” commitment was 
launched in 2021 to ensure a workplace 
that protects our employees, visitors and 
contractors, preserves the environment, 
and enables our business and our people  
to act sustainably. “We Care” was 
initiated as part of our EHS Policy  
and Standards Manual.
Our new House and Home strategy 
for corporate social responsibility was 
embedded with our employees and 
programs that rolled out in every region. 
As part of our HOUSE programming, 
we expanded our work with Habitat for 
Humanity into all four of our regions, 
and along with the continued success 
of our signature programs, our Racial 
Equality Pledge was made a priority in 
our HOME programs. 
Work on our Racial Equality Pledge, 
announced in mid-2020, saw multiple 
work streams created to address challenges internally and in our 
communities. Progress includes offering 
internships and apprenticeships for 
youth and the groundbreaking for an 
80-unit multi-housing development 
in the heart of Benton Harbor, our 
headquarters community.
Finally, COVID-19 brought new 
challenges as we continued to care  
for our communities and worked to 
vaccinate employees and find a suitable 
return-to-office solution. Throughout the 
pandemic, our manufacturing employees 
have been the heroes that followed 
safety protocols and kept working to 
build appliances that our consumers 
need in their homes. Our top priority will 
continue to be the health and safety of 
our employees.Launched “We Care” 
manual to protect our 
employees, visitors and 
contractors, preserve 
the environment, and 
enable our business  
and our people to  
act sustainably.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 45

SOCIALOccupational Health & Safety
A Continuous Improvement Mindset
We remain committed to continuous improvement in our Environment, 
Health, and Safety (EHS) programs, delivery and results. In 2021, we 
formalized our “We Care” commitment to protecting our employees, 
helping to protect the environment, acting sustainably  and engaging  
all employees as a shared responsibility  with the launch of our “We Care” 
EHS Policy and Standards Manual.
Our “We Care” Manual is the operating framework 
to enable managing and continuously improving 
EHS and promoting our “We Care” culture within 
Whirlpool Corporation. It provides the company’s 
minimum requirements to control EHS risks at 
our sites and is aligned with the Global EHS  
Policy commitment. “We Care” is a way of life at 
Whirlpool Corporation, and we are part of the 
ongoing journey to ensure a workplace that 
protects our employees, visitors and contractors; 
preserves the environment; and enables our 
business and our people to act sustainably.
2019 2020 2021
Recordable Injury & Illness Cases 528* 518 480
Recordable Injury & Illness Rate 0.76* 0.76 0.72
Serious Incident Rate 0.02 0.01 0.01
Serious Incidents 13 9 8
Fatalities—Employees 1 0 0
Fatalities—Contractors 0 0 0
Total Hours Worked 140,371,368 136,921,903 133,773,414
Days Away from Work Rate 0.23 0.23 0.28
Sites ISO 45001 Certified 69% 69% 78%HEALTH & SAFETY
* Reflects the inclusion of 22 Recordable Cases which were inadvertently omitted from the original calculation of the 
2019 Recordable Case Rate.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 46

SOCIAL  / OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH & SAFETY
Core Competency Teams & High Consequence Work
Our global EHS Core Competency Teams (CCT), comprised of regional and global 
subject matter experts, continue to enable best practice sharing and optimization 
of workstreams. Among them is the Safety CCT, consisting of cross functional 
representatives from Engineering, Operations and EHS, who partner t o implement 
approaches and tools to prevent incidents and injuries associated with high-consequence 
work. Our approach to machine safeguarding focuses on our existing machines and 
equipment that are assessed as high priority followed by a risk reduction process that 
includes remediation. For newly acquired machines and equipment, we’re enhancing  
our machinery safety-related Early Equipment Management (EEM) process to be  
globally deployed. 
In alignment with our “We Care” EHS Policy and Standards Manual, the Safety CCT is 
expanding our Latin America region “ Attitudes for Life ” campaign globally. The Attitudes 
for Life establish and communicate vital guiding behaviors that can save lives when 
performing high-consequence work such as working at heights, in a confined space or 
on live electrical energy. These foundational non-negotiable precautions are brought 
to life by the conscious choices workers make each day and reinforce the “We Care” 
EHS policies and procedures while elevating employee awareness regarding activities 
with a high-potential severity outcome.
Additionally, we continue to secure and maintain outside recognition for EHS 
Management System implementation with 78% of our manufacturing plants  
globally certified in ISO 45001.
Maintaining Safety During COVID-19
Since the global COVID-19 pandemic began, the health and safety of our employees 
has remained our top priority. While 2020 was a year of development and 
implementation of policies and procedures related to the pandemic, 2021 efforts 
pivoted into change management, enforcement and continual improvement. Our global EHS teams have continued to play a central role in our efforts to continue 
operating safely by implementing COVID-related safety protocols, enforcing the use of 
masks and social distancing, managing COVID-specific audit processes and responding 
quickly to evolving guidance, benchmarking and practical learnings. C orporate efforts 
to encourage employee vaccination included a steady stream of employee information 
and communications, on-site vaccination events held at Whirlpool Corporation facilities 
globally and monetary incentives for employees who got vaccinated. These significant 
efforts proved to be effective in a significant percentage of our employees globally getting 
vaccinated in 2021.
Since the onset of the pandemic, and continuing through 2021, we have continued to 
actively monitor the pandemic through a cross-functional Global COVID-19 Task Force, 
which meets weekly to assess the latest developments, make policy and procedural 
decisions and manage changes in our facilities. While 2020 was a 
year of development 
and implementation 
of policies and 
procedures related to 
the pandemic, 2021 
efforts pivoted into 
change management, 
education and continual 
improvement.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 47

SOCIAL  / OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH & SAFETYRegulatory Compliance & Governance
One of the most critical responsibilities of the EHS function is providing assurance of EHS performance to our key stakeholders, 
including our consumers, our Board of Directors and our executive leadership. A continual focus of all stakeholders is compliance with 
environmental, health and safety regulations around the globe. 2021 saw a complete refresh of our EHS assessment process. In our 
continuing partnership with Gensuite, we continue to introduce new tools to drive consistency and accuracy in our assurance process.
LEVEL  3  
Risk-Focused Assessment
The Level 3 assessment provides our 
leadership the latitude to take a “deep 
dive” into an area of concern at a site. A 
Level 3 assessment may be appropriate 
to conduct a comprehensive review of 
EHS performance metrics, such as injury 
and illness record keeping or Zero Waste 
to Landfill performance. Additionally, a 
Level 3 may be conducted following a 
serious injury to review the incident and 
related corrective and preventive actions.LEVEL  1
Site Self-Assessment
Each of our manufacturing sites globally 
is required to conduct a “Level 1 Self-
Assessment” on an annual basis. We 
have partnered with Enhesa, which 
provides country- and state-specific EHS 
regulatory checklists for the regions 
in which we have operations. Upon 
completion of the checklist, which 
includes documented evidence of 
compliance, the site achieves a “percent 
compliant,” which is used to inform 
leadership and track opportunities for 
improvement. Actions taken by a site in 
order to comply with a requirement are 
tracked internally through Gensuite’s 
Action Tracking System (ATS).LEVEL  2  
Global “Fresh Eyes” Assessment
Periodically (at least every third year) a 
team of global subject-matter experts 
conduct a comprehensive assessment at 
each of our manufacturing operations. 
This structure provides an external review 
of the site’s Level 1 self-assessment and 
provides an opportunity for the global 
team to evaluate risks to site workers and 
the environment and the effectiveness 
of controls implemented by the site. 
This process also includes a root cause 
workshop with the site Leadership Team 
to improve the quality of corrective and 
preventive actions taken by the site to 
address opportunities for improvement. 
Findings and resultant corrective actions 
are managed through Gensuite’s ATS.
EHS ASSESSMENT PROCESS
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 48

SOCIAL  / OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH & SAFETYA Focus on High-Potential Events
Another new aspect of our assessment process is an intense focus on events with 
potential for high-severity outcomes. High-potential (HiPo) events could be severe 
injuries, impact to the environment, reputational harm and/or events with the 
potential for business interruption. Each are examples of events with the potential 
for high-severity outcomes. Not coincidentally, our focus on HiPo events closely aligns 
with serious injuries that we’ve experienced in the past. Our goal is to raise awareness 
of these types of risks and incent our sites to aggressively mitigate these risks, 
effectively eliminating them from our operations.
Concluding the  
Assessment Process
At the conclusion of the Level 2 Global 
“Fresh Eyes” Assessment, the site is 
provided a maturity level. In order to 
advance through the EHS maturity 
model, a site must achieve a compliance 
level to regulatory obligations of 90% 
or better. The identification of any 
HiPo finding results in a default  
rating at the lowest level of maturity 
(Fundamental). In order to advance  
to the highest levels of maturity, a  
site must maintain a high level of 
compliance and have no HiPo events. Preventing Injuries & Illnesses
While we maintain targets for year-over-year reduction of the total recordable incident 
rate (TRIR) and serious injuries, our goal is always zero. At the same time, we continue 
to emphasize key activity indicators (KAIs) as opportunities to fix hazards or issues 
before they become incidents. KAI deployment and tracking falls within the WCM 
methodology and includes unsafe acts, unsafe conditions and near misses. As a result 
of our continued growth and maturity with WCM and our utilization of Gensuite, our 
digital EHS solutions platform, we have experienced an increase of 24% in leading 
indicator reporting, which is used to establish countermeasures to further reduce risk.
We continue to address ergonomics and repetitive motion injuries on an ongoing 
basis, as well as through robust employee onboarding processes, job rotation and 
engineering controls implementation. In our U.S. facilities, we have enlisted Humantech 
to help standardize and streamline our approach to ergonomics assessments, and our 
facility in Rio Claro, Brazil, was the first to achieve the Management in Ergonomics  
certification from the Brazilian Association of Technical Standards (ABNT). This new 
legislative proposal is to validate the 360º vision, with clear cycles of continuous 
improvement, based on Brazilian Association of Technical Standards: ABNT PE.342—
Ergonomics Management System.
In 2021, we experienced a total of 480 OSHA recordable injuries, 8 of which 
(approximately 2%) were classified as “Serious” incidents. While we recognize that  
even one injury event is too many, we learn from every event as we progress on  
our journey to maintaining zero incidents. In Q4 2021, Whirlpool Corporation 
manufacturing operations in all regions conducted the first ever Global Safety Stand 
Down led by our site operating leaders. The intent was to share key lessons learned 
from the serious incidents, including the fundamental precautions for performing 
servicing or maintenance on equipment or machinery, machine safeguarding devices 
and controls, and Stop Work. An outcome of the Global Safety Stand Down was to 
determine local issues/concerns and promote the expansion of corrective actions  
to closure. Our commitment as a company is to continue to identify risk within our 
operations and implement solutions to eliminate the risk or put defenses in place  
to reduce the risk and protect our employees.As a result of our 
continued growth and 
maturity with WCM 
and our utilization of 
Gensuite, our digital 
EHS solutions platform, 
we have experienced 
an increase of 24% 
in leading indicator 
reporting, which is 
used to establish 
countermeasures to 
further reduce risk.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 49

SOCIAL  / OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH & SAFETYGlobal Machine Safety Evaluation & Remediation
Starting in 2018, Whirlpool Corporation implemented a global machine remediation 
program focusing on Thermoformers based on trends and incidents’ analytics. 
The effort was expanded globally to cover the rest of the machinery implementing 
additional evaluation tools and controls. In 2020 Whirlpool Corporation developed  
the multi-year Machine Safety Initiative.
An Asset Ranking Process was implemented in order to identify and prioritize, globally, 
the sequence of equipment to be intervened. Following this prioritization, three 
specific processes are performed for each piece of equipment:
1  Machine Safety Threshold Questionnaire  
  Evaluation form to ensure current machinery meets minimum machine  
safety requirements
2  Functional Safety Check Procedure  
 To determine inspections routines for every single safety device
3  Machine Risk Assessment
  Deep analysis of machine’s safety devices performance level in order to 
identify gaps and implement countermeasures as part of the Machine’s 
Remediation Process 
Safety Performance: A Shared Responsibility
Whirlpool Corporation is committed to reduce the frequency and severity of workplace 
injuries. We recognize that to get there, we must further embed EHS as a shared 
responsibility, relying on strong connections within and between EHS, Engineering and 
Operations at all levels of the organization. The WCM methodology drives cross-pillar 
engagement and empowers everyone to own the risk-reduction efforts.
We host Global Manufacturing Councils monthly to connect with our operational 
leadership and key stakeholders and align priorities, expectations and share best 
practices and success stories. Our EC also maintains visibility to monthly EHS 
performance dashboards and key improvement actions.
A personal commitment to safety is paramount at every level of the organization, 
and our “We Care” culture change extends to site operating leaders and frontline 
supervisors. To aid in this culture change, the  Operating Safely  workshop was 
developed to provide frontline supervisors and site operating leaders tools and 
acumen using Human Organizational Performance (HOP) principles. Human error 
plays a role in incidents, and error-free performance can’t be guaranteed, so HOP 
realizes reliable hazard defenses and human error prevention. In 4Q 2021, the 
Operating Safely workshop was piloted with 35 frontline supervisors and site 
operating leaders across three manufacturing locations in India.
Looking Ahead
Moving forward, we will continue our transformation to one Global EHS team, 
forging stronger connections between regions and among subject matter experts to 
standardize our systems and procedures, digitize our processes and operationalize 
EHS using the WCM methodology. We will also actively utilize our risk analysis process 
as our compass to drive improvement in EHS, recognizing our shared responsibility 
to protect our employees, preserve the environment and act sustainably, in constant 
pursuit of improving life at home.Environmental  
Health and 
Safety is 
a shared 
responsibility.
EHSOPERATIONSENGINEERING
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 50

SOCIALWorkforce Development 
& Engagement
Employee Well-Being & Support
In 2021, we continued to focus on overall employee well-being and support.  
The global pandemic has continued to reinforce the need for holistic well-being 
offerings. Whirlpool Corporation has worked to develop a global and holistic well-  
being strategy centered around Be*Well. The program focuses on six pathways: 
Be*Balanced, Be*Curious, Be*Prepared, Be*Connected, Be*Healthy and Be*You. 
Many of our global programs align to each of the pathways as illustrated on  
this page.
 
In 2022, Whirlpool Corporation will begin the formal roll-out of the Pathways to 
Well-Being strategy with continued education and additional programs.Be Balanced.
Staying emotionally healthy by balancing 
home, work and play helps us live a  
more fulfilling life.
Mental/Emotional Health
Work/Life Balance
Employee Assistance Program
Vacation
Holidays
Personal & Family Leave
Agile Work Arrangements
Family SupportBe Curious.
Learning enhances our career development 
and creates confidence in our lives. Growth 
shapes our work and life for the better.
Learning & Development
Education Reimbursement
On-the-Job Training/Learning
Leadership Development
Self Discovery Tools
Career Development
Leadership Model
Internship ProgramBe Prepared.
Planning helps us achieve our short- and 
long-term financial goals. A simple plan can 
help us live a more sustainable lifestyle.
Financial Health
Retirement Plans
Disability/Sick Leave
Employee Perks & DiscountsPathways to Well-Being
Whirlpool Corporation’s global well-being commitment
We care about the health and well-being of our employees and their families. We provide holistic support to empower and 
encourage you to Be*Well  in all aspects of improving life at home and work. Together, we can take on whatever life throws at us.
Be Connected.
Building social and inclusive relationships 
helps us contribute and communicate. We 
are better when we can be heard, valued, 
respected and welcomed.
Social Wellness
Inclusion & Diversity
Employee Resource Groups
Community Involvement
Employee Recognition
Corporate Social Responsibility
Length of Service Awards
Community InvolvementBe Healthy.
Meeting our physical health goals by staying 
fit allows us to live a healthy, happy life.
Physical Wellness
Exercise & Nutrition
Medical & Pharmacy
Ancillary Benefits
Telemedicine
Health ClinicBe You.
Being your true self is ultimately your 
choice. Your journey to self care leads to 
a genuine, meaningful life that is happier 
and healthier.
Personal Accountability
Encourage
Empower
Motivate
Grow
Thrive
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 51

SOCIAL  / WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT & ENGAGEMENTProposition to help us attract the best talent from across the globe. To supplement 
the expertise of our Global Talent Acquisition team, we have implemented new 
technology solutions to help us source talent and create a simpler, smoother process 
for candidates. And, we are continually enhancing our assessment of talent to ensure 
that when we hire new employees, they are set up for success in terms of both the 
skills needed to perform the job well, and the behaviors that are consistent with 
Whirlpool Corporation’s Enduring Values and Leadership Model.
While the acquisition of new talent is important, we also focus on talent retention. 
We provide a robust total rewards package, including competitive pay and benefits 
as well as learning and career development opportunities. Our inclusion and 
diversity strategy focuses on building a culture in which every employee feels 
welcomed, valued, respected and heard. Our performance management system, 
Everyday Performance Excellence, empowers employees to plan their career 
development with the help of their people leaders, and we strongly support our 
employees’ long-term goals. We provide leadership development opportunities 
for leaders at all levels, from first-time people leaders through executives.Employee Engagement
Employee Engagement Results & Action Plan
In 2021, we evolved our employee engagement approach from a standalone, annual 
event to a continuous listening strategy. This approach enables us to gather employee 
feedback at various points throughout the employment life cycle through Global 
Onboarding Surveys, Exit Surveys, and quarterly Engagement Pulses. 
Our quarterly Engagement Pulse enables employee feedback from almost  
65,000 individuals—including all global salaried employees and hourly employees 
in NAR, LAR, and EMEA. With the expansion to our Asia hourly population in early 
2022, feedback from all global employees will be represented in a consistent global 
engagement survey for the first time in Whirlpool Corporation history. We are excited 
about the opportunity for all employees to have their voices represented in the 
feedback and resulting actions. 
This ongoing feedback has enabled us to gauge the extent to which employees feel 
a positive connection to Whirlpool Corporation and a commitment to help deliver 
the company’s strategy. It also enabled people leaders to have timely access to 
their team’s feedback through the implementation of an easy-to-navigate, intuitive 
online dashboard. People leaders are encouraged to understand the feedback, hold 
collaborative team discussions and take focused actions to create positive change.
As a result of this quantitative and qualitative feedback, key themes emerged, 
and the organization was able to quickly act on them. One specific theme, around 
collaboration, further enabled the implementation of additional indoor and outdoor 
collaboration spaces across the world. These spaces were intentionally designed to 
encourage frequent, and more informal, collaboration both in-person and across 
regions, equipped through technology.
Talent Recruitment & Retention
Whirlpool Corporation’s Talent Acquisition team enables our business by finding 
diverse talent with the skills and experiences needed to lead both today and tomorrow. 
In 2021, we developed several new initiatives, including a global Employee Value 2019 2020 2021
Average Hours of Training—  
White Collar Employee45 45 45
Average Hours of Training—  
Blue Collar Employee37 48 25TRAINING HOURS
Our inclusion and 
diversity strategy 
focuses on building 
a culture in which 
every employee feels 
welcomed, valued, 
respected and heard.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 52

SOCIAL  / WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT & ENGAGEMENTLearning, Skills & Training Investment
Leadership Development Programs & Internship Programs
All around the globe, Whirlpool Corporation offers leadership development, internship 
and apprentice programs designed to provide high-potential early career talent with 
the opportunity to set a solid foundation for an accelerated career path. Within these 
programs, we set challenging goals and objectives for growth and high performance, 
as well as the opportunity for participants to create immediate impact in roles designed 
to make a difference. We also create a meaningful work environment, through a focus on collaboration, engagement and teamwork. Participants are provided with both 
functional and technical training to support their onboarding and acceleration in the 
program, as well as leadership development and soft skill curriculum. With dedicated 
executives as sponsors of the programs, robust roles and a strong alumni community, 
each program is designed to prepare individuals to become exceptional future leaders 
at Whirlpool Corporation.
Leadership Development
Development of leadership acumen within Whirlpool Corporation is also critical not 
only for ensuring people leaders are competent and confident in their ability to lead 
according to Whirlpool’s Leadership Model, but serves as an employee engagement 
lever. We recently launched several new leadership development programs for all 
levels of leaders. These programs include an Essentials of People Leadership program 
for new people leaders with eight interactive modules of content over a six-month 
period, all focused on developing foundational leadership behaviors. Through an 
executive development program, Immersion provides a three-day off-site immersive 
experience for executives to deep dive on Our Leadership Model. All programs are 
leader-led, with business leaders leading programs for new or early-career leaders 
and executive committee members leading programs for senior leaders. Leadership 
development is a crucial component of our overall HR strategy, and will continue to be 
an area of focus in the coming years. 
WeLEARN
All global salaried employees have access to WeLEARN, our digital learning platform. 
WeLEARN provides a personalized learning experience that allows employees to 
access learning when and where they need it, collaborate with others who share 
similar interests through social learning groups, and build skills for today and 
tomorrow. It is a powerful platform that makes learning easy, meaningful, and social, 
so each employee can own their development. In 2021, the number of learning 
pathways with content tied to building specific skills and capabilities tripled, providing 
greater opportunities for learners to find meaningful, relevant content to fuel their 
professional and personal growth.
 In 2021, the number 
of formal learning 
pathways tripled, 
providing greater 
opportunities for 
learners to find 
meaningful, relevant 
content.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 53

SOCIAL  / WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT & ENGAGEMENTManufacturing People Development Pillar
In our manufacturing sites, the WCM methodology includes the “People Development” 
or PD Pillar, which is focused on employee development and training. A function  
of the PD Pillar in each operation is to establish and manage a training matrix to 
identify training requirements (regulatory, legal or other) for site personnel. For 
example, safety training consists of a combination of regulatory-required training 
and value-added training. To ensure compliance with these requirements, each of 
our operations is audited periodically to confirm execution. Competency checks as 
part of the WCM methodology confirm understanding and learning on the part of 
affected employees.
Employee Performance
Every Day Performance Excellence (EPE) is Whirlpool Corporation’s performance 
management system that focuses on both the “what” and “how” of performance. 
Employees define objectives in each of four performance categories (Business 
Performance, Strategic/Project Impact, Organization and Talent, and My Leadership 
and Values).We know that reflecting on performance across the entire year enables employees 
to bring out their best, so we encourage ongoing feedback and coaching. In addition, 
EPE formalizes two formal reviews, mid-year and year-end, where employees and 
People Leaders alike (along with stakeholder input) receive and provide positive and 
constructive feedback. 
In addition to EPE, we have performance management processes for our hourly 
workforce, which vary by geography and incorporate various manufacturing plant 
metrics for performance measurement.
Educational Reimbursement 
We support the personal development of our employees through a continuous 
learning journey. In addition to the learning resources that can be accessed at any 
time through WeLEARN and other employer-sponsored training, employees may also 
be eligible to participate in the Educational Reimbursement program. This program 
provides reimbursement to eligible employees for accredited programs in pursuit of 
associate, undergraduate or graduate degrees. This benefit is available to all eligible 
employees in the U.S., Mexico, Brazil, Asia and EMEA. Specific criteria for eligibility 
differ by region, but the overall goal of these programs is to provide assistance to 
employees seeking to further their own development and improve job skills.
Freedom of Association
Whirlpool Corporation respects the rights of our employees to associate with whom 
they choose. We respect the right of employees to join or not join an independent 
trade union and will bargain in good faith with these associations when they are 
properly elected. We estimate that, during 2021, over 50% of our global employees 
were covered by a collective bargaining agreement.
In addition to the 
learning resources that 
can be accessed at any 
time through WeLEARN 
and other employer-
sponsored training, 
employees may also be 
eligible to participate 
in the Educational 
Reimbursement 
program.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 54

SOCIALDiversity & Equal Opportunity
Inclusion & Diversity is one of Whirlpool Corporation’s Enduring Values and remains a critical strategic priority for our 
organization. Our global strategy for Inclusion & Diversity is focused on three pillars.
First, we are focused on creating and maintaining an inclusive workplace that brings out the best in our employees, where all 
employees feel welcomed, valued, respected and heard. Second, we must continue to build a diverse workforce that represents 
the diversity of our consumer base, with a specific focus on female representation globally and Black representation in the 
U.S. Third, we are focused on creating a vibrant marketplace by building the right strategic partnerships and relationships with 
diverse organizations. This includes our own supplier network as well as our partnerships in local communities around the world.Inclusion & Diversity—Strategic Focus Areas“Inclusion is part of our company’s Enduring Values  
and core to our fundamental beliefs. It’s not something 
that we need to justify or have a business case for—  
it’s simply the right focus for our company and 
employees. If we want to create a culture where 
everyone can thrive, we need to practice inclusion 
every day. This means celebrating our differences 
and, more importantly, recognizing the value those 
differences bring to our organization.
Marc Bitzer
Chairman & CEO
Whirlpool Corporation
INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE
A culture where every 
employee feels welcomed, 
valued, respected  
and heard.
DIVERSE  WORKPLACE
A workforce that represents 
our diverse consumer base at 
all levels of the organization.
Strategic focus areas: female 
(globally) and Black and 
Underrepresented Minorities 
(URM) (U.S.) representation.
VIBRANT MARKETPLACE
A diverse supplier network, 
strong community and 
business partnerships and 
a positive reputation in 
local communities.1
2
3
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 55

SOCIAL  / DIVERSITY & EQUAL OPPORTUNITYLaunch of I&D Councils
After establishing our Executive Inclusion & Diversity Council (composed of senior 
executives from across the company) in 2020, we began launching Regional Inclusion & 
Diversity Councils in three of our four regions in early 2021. These Regional Inclusion & 
Diversity Councils are responsible for translating the Global Inclusion & Diversity Strategy 
into a five-point action plan that will have the greatest impact on increasing diverse 
representation and creating a more inclusive workplace. Each Regional Council consists 
of approximately 8 to 10 Director and above leaders who gather input from local 
Employee Resource Groups and ensure the right strategy and resources are in place 
to meet their goals. Through their leadership, the Councils have helped Whirlpool 
Corporation continue to make progress on all three strategic focus areas described above.
Global Inclusion Week
The company held its third annual Global 
Inclusion Week in October 2021. The focus 
of the week was to help create a culture of 
belonging through interactive activities, shared 
experiences and creating a dialogue about 
inclusion throughout our global workforce. 
The activities featured leader-led discussions 
as well as industry-leading keynote speakers. 
Many of Whirlpool Corporation’s salaried 
workforce attended at least one event, and 
all global regions participated. In a post-event 
survey, 94% of responding employees said 
they would participate in Global Inclusion 
Week again, and 88% agreed that Global 
Inclusion Week influenced them to behave 
and/or act more inclusively in the future.
In an effort to significantly increase 
female diversity among operators 
at our India plants, an entire 
semi-automatic line in Whirlpool 
Corporation’s plant in Faridabad, 
India, is now run by 100% female 
operators. In order to create an 
inclusive environment for new 
female employees, several new 
policies and programs were 
implemented to ensure access  
to transportation and a safe 
environment. Additionally, training 
sessions for employees and 
supervisors were provided in order 
to ensure that female employees 
feel respected and valued.All In for Inclusion
A powerful new “All In for Inclusion” campaign was launched this year for employees  
and external stakeholders, reinforcing the importance of inclusion in the workplace  
and championing Whirlpool Corporation’s inclusion behaviors: Welcomed, Valued,  
Respected and Heard.
There is power in owning who we are and confidently  
expressing our true selves.
Knowing we are welcomed, valued, respected and heard  
within Whirlpool Corporation where Inclusion and Diversity  
is an enduring value. 
We are more than perceptions.  
We are individuals, proudly proclaiming our  
unique contribution to the connection we all share.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 56

SOCIAL  / DIVERSITY & EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
Employee Resource Groups
Whirlpool Corporation’s Employee 
Resource Groups (ERGs) adapted to the 
COVID environment by sharing specific 
programming based on the needs of 
their members. As an example, the 
Whirlpool Asian Network (WAN) played a 
critical role in supporting their members 
this year given the racial unrest and 
violence against Asian Americans. Based 
on learnings from our African American 
employee network, WAN hosted a 
session for their members with an expert 
who shared advice on how to mitigate 
the impact of discrimination and racial 
violence on mental health  
and well-being. 
Spotlight:  
Whirlpool Women’s Network Helps 
to Improve Family Benefits
Starting January 1, 2022, Whirlpool Corporation launched new 
family benefits in the U.S. to continue to support inclusive benefit 
offerings for families no matter their path to parenthood. 
Fertility
Whirlpool Corporation has partnered with Progyny, a leader in 
the fertility space, to offer comprehensive coverage not only 
financially, but also emotionally, to guide employees every 
step of the way. Progyny partners with a premier network of 
endocrinologists across the U.S. whose job is to ensure the best 
possible outcomes for families. 
Adoption & Surrogacy
In addition to fertility benefits, Whirlpool Corporation will be 
increasing the adoption reimbursement from $5,000 to $10,000 
and adding a new surrogacy benefit with a reimbursement of 
$10,000. Fertility, adoption and surrogacy processes are complex 
and confusing. A Progyny Client Advocate (PCA) guides employees 
through all the processes and helps navigate adoption agencies 
and home preparation. 
Caregiver Leave
Caregiver Leave, another new benefit in 2022, provides 
two weeks of paid leave for eligible employees to care for a 
spouse/domestic partner, child or parent with a serious health 
condition as defined by FMLA. “One in eight couples struggle with infertility, one in 
four women miscarry...I never realized how relatable 
I was until I started sharing my fertility journey.  
You are not alone.
Chrissy Hogie
Senior Sales Manager and WWN Pillar Co-Lead”
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 57

SOCIAL  / DIVERSITY & EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
Global Employee Representation
Whirlpool Corporation establishes annual representation goals for 
each of our Executive Committee members for gender (globally), 
underrepresented minorities (U.S.) and Black employees (U.S.) for both 
Director and above and Manager/Sr. Manager levels. Specifically, each 
Executive Committee member has a goal for his or her organization in 
terms of the percentage of women, underrepresented minority and Black employees at the levels described above. Overall, we are seeing good 
progress on our gender goals, and we are seeing moderate progress 
on our underrepresented minority goals. However, we have the most 
opportunity to continue improving our Black representation, which is why 
we remain steadfast in our commitment to delivering the actions outlined 
in our Racial Equality  Pledge.EMPLOYEES BY REGION
31% 
North
America
25%  
EMEA5% 
Asia39%  
Latin 
America 
Approx.
69,0001
1% 
Director 
& Above
6%
Senior Manager 
& Manager 
21%  
White Collar 
Below Manager73%
Blue 
CollarEMPLOYEES BY LEVEL
1 Decline in total number of employees from 2020 to 2021 primarily attributable to the Whirlpool China divestiture.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 58

SOCIAL  / DIVERSITY & EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 59

SOCIAL  / DIVERSITY & EQUAL OPPORTUNITYProgress on Our U.S. Racial Equality Pledge 
In 2020, Whirlpool Corporation committed to a five-year Racial Equality Pledge. While 
this pledge has a U.S. focus, it is rooted in our global values, and some of the actions 
are mirrored in other parts of the world. The commitment is clear: we will have a 
zero tolerance policy for racial marginalization within the company, one that will 
regularly be communicated across the entire organization. We do recognize that racial 
inequality is a much broader societal issue with a long history. While our actions focus 
on our “four walls” and our local communities, we hope that these actions will have a 
ripple effect on society at large.
Actions & Results, Year One of Five
In 2021, we have been focused on laying the foundation by establishing our Racial 
Equality Pledge Steering Committee (which includes four members of our Executive 
Committee), Workstream Leads (which include at least one vice president and ERG Lead 
for each workstream), and establishing project teams for each workstream. We have 
made strong progress across all workstreams in terms of taking meaningful actions in 
both our community and company. That said, we have not yet seen the impact on Black 
representation across all levels of the organization, and we expect that our actions will 
begin to translate into increases in Black representation in 2022 and beyond. To view 
the Racial Equality Pledge in its entirety click here .Equality and Fairness Within Our Company  
Training:  
• “Teach & Discuss” leader-led sessions on Module 1 of 3 on Unconscious 
Bias and Empathy training completed for 86.3% of eligible People Leaders.
• Required online module on Identify Bias completed by 92.3% of eligible 
People Leaders.
• 90% participants said in the post session survey that the “learning 
experience helped them to be more aware of Unconscious Biases  
and Empathy.”
Pay Equity:  
• We completed our regular pay practices review for 2021, examining pay 
between employees of different gender and racial demographics doing 
similar work. Whirlpool Corporation’s compensation philosophy is to 
be market competitive, reward individual and company performance, 
and provide fair pay opportunities for all employees. Where we found 
differences in pay, for whatever reason, we worked with the business to 
research those differences, determine whether there are any factors that 
explain the differences and, if appropriate, take action that may include 
making adjustments to pay when appropriate. We will continue to 
engage in this pay practice review process on a regular basis in an effort 
to uphold our compensation principles and our commitment to equity. 
Equality and Fairness Within Our Community
Education:
• We launched the P@th Internship Program “Possibilities at Home” for 
local college-aged youth pursuing a 4 year degree. 
• We expanded the Apprenticeship Program for local Benton Harbor/
Benton Township-based high school graduates. We’ve certified two 
new programs and now have apprentices in our Consumer Experience 
Center, Model Shop and Labs. 
“We have a zero tolerance policy for racial 
marginalization within the company, one 
that is regularly communicated across  
the entire organization.
Marc Bitzer
Chairman & CEO
Whirlpool CorporationRacial Equality Pledge
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 60

SOCIAL  / DIVERSITY & EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
Housing:
• We broke ground on a $20 million 80-unit multi-family housing development in August, 
2021, with plans to open in the Fall of 2022. This development is located in the heart  
of the City of Benton Harbor. Both the City and Whirlpool Corporation are looking to 
provide housing that will be attractive to a diverse pool of employees and city residents. 
The program is expected to assist Whirlpool Corporation in recruiting high-quality 
talent. Success for our community and our company will only be achieved if more 
underrepresented minorities, including Black and other minorities, go to work in our area 
and choose to live in this new development or anywhere else in the city of Benton Harbor.
Business & Community: 
• We worked with all 13 organizations receiving more than $50,000 in grants from the 
Whirlpool Foundation to ensure that each have a Racial Equality Pledge and/or related 
impact metrics in place.
• We launched the Benton Harbor First initiative, awarding business to three new  
Black-owned suppliers.
• We led the first-ever Benton Harbor Pitch Night in partnership with local organizations. 
BIPOC entrepreneurs pitched their business plans and three Black Owned businesses 
were provided with grants and enrolled in a support program.14  
Ideas PitchedPitch Night & Winners
In partnership with local organizations, Whirlpool hosted Pitch Night to support Black-owned businesses.
First Place
$5,000
NF Cosmetics
Second Place
$2,500
Benton Harbor Beauty 
Academy
Third Place
$1,000
Sticky Spoons JamMore than
30  
Ideas Submitted
$9,000  
in Startup 
Funding Granted 
to Black-Owned 
Startups, Small 
Businesses and 
Social Enterprises 
in Our Local 
Community
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 61

SOCIAL
House+Home
Since our inception, Whirlpool 
Corporation has been committed to 
maintaining strong, lasting connections 
in the communities in which we do 
business. Most of our operations 
are located in small towns, and we 
believe it is our responsibility to 
support these communities. We utilize 
a global collective impact model that 
centers around improving life at home. 
Accordingly, our giving priorities focus 
on the areas of house and home  as 
important levers to create thriving 
communities. Local Communities
HOME  
Our Home initiatives focus on developing 
resilient, vibrant communities through 
education and community development. 
When we can help improve life at home 
in our communities, there is an added 
benefit: our employees and potential 
employees have a great place to live, too.HOUSE   
Our House initiatives focus on ensuring 
everyone can have a place to live that 
is comfortable and nurturing. A place 
where families can make healthy choices 
in their efforts to build their best life. 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 62
SOCIAL  / LOCAL COMMUNITIESImproving life at home by making a real, positive difference in our communities by 
building strong foundations and unlocking potential.  We believe that the four walls 
around us have the power to unlock immense opportunity for the people who dwell 
within. It starts with decent and affordable housing: the foundation of a stable life 
and bright future. Having the courage to be inclusive, removing bias and focusing 
on leveling the playing field for everyone. That’s why Whirlpool Corporation gives 
purposefully of our time, funds and products to the communities where we live  
and work. Because everyone deserves a comfortable house to nurture dreams. 
What makes a house  truly special lies in the personal touches; the gathering spaces for 
friends and family; the feeling of security knowing you have a place to call your own. 
And, a house provides the blueprint for success in life: where you prepare meals, get 
ready for work, study after school, raise children, care for aging parents and conjure 
plans for the future. 
Once that sanctuary is in place, one can look outside those walls to their home 
community. That’s why we invest in initiatives that support educating people at all 
steps in the journey of life where they unlock their potential and make a positive 
difference in our communities—playing an important role in improving life at home.
To Whirlpool Corporation, a home  is so much bigger than a house itself. It’s the 
community where we live—the place where people of all ages connect; children are 
mentored and coached; open space and gardens grow; and small businesses bustle. 
Stable neighborhoods offer the employment and quality of life amenities that are the 
bedrock of inclusive communities.
Whirlpool Corporation is proud to work with our employees, their loved ones and our 
communities to help make sure everyone has a house to dream in that’s part of a resilient, 
flourishing and sustainable village, district or dale that they feel proud to call home. 
House+Home includes many programs around the world. Along with many local  
and regional programs, we expanded our Habitat for Humanity programming to be  
more global than ever before. It includes regional housing forums in three regions  
and global builds in 7 countries. House+Home World Tour
To embed the House+Home strategy, we created the World Tour, a campaign that 
would include many of the House+Home programs around the world. We created a 
global, marquis moment-in-time to officially launch the House+Home strategy and 
are using the World Tour to nurture the critical connections needed to build the One 
Whirlpool momentum behind our shared mission of globally Improving Life through 
House+Home. This campaign also allows our consumers to understand our social and 
sustainability efforts.
The House+Home World Tour will provide more than $6 million in funding and home 
appliances over the next year to Habitat for Humanity organizations worldwide.The House+Home World 
Tour will provide more than  
$6 million  
in funding and home 
appliances over the next 
year to Habitat for Humanity 
organizations worldwide. 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 63

SOCIAL  / LOCAL COMMUNITIESHabitat for Humanity
Our vision to be in constant pursuit of 
improving life at Home is why we have 
made our relationship with Habitat for 
Humanity International a priority for 
over 22 years. 1.6 billion people live in 
substandard housing around the world 
today, and one in 10 people worldwide live 
in “distressed communities,” experiencing 
a perpetual cycle of low-wage jobs, 
education instability, inadequate 
transport and racial inequality. 
In the past 22 years, Whirlpool Corporation 
has donated more than $130 million  
to Habitat and supports programs in  
45 countries. As part of these efforts, the 
company has also donated and installed 
nearly 212,000 ranges and refrigerators 
in new Habitat for Humanity homes in 
the U.S. and Canada, serving more than 
120,000 families. Whirlpool Corporation 
has sponsored more than 190 homes; 
donated products to 76,000 Habitat 
families in Europe, the Middle East and 
Africa; and engaged thousands of 
employee volunteers in Habitat builds 
alongside future homeowners.
As part of an expansion of the Habitat 
relationship, Whirlpool is supporting 
In the past 22 years, 
Whirlpool Corporation 
has donated more than  
$130 million  
to Habitat and supports 
programs in  
45  
countries.additional Habitat programs that 
advocate more energy-efficient homes 
and innovation in each region to address 
specific housing challenges in their area. 
Habitat for Humanity BuildBetter 
with Whirlpool Initiative—U.S.
The three-year “BuildBetter with 
Whirlpool” initiative expands upon Habitat 
for Humanity’s current efforts. The 
initiative will build more than 250 climate-
resilient and energy-efficient homes over 
the next three years with hundreds of 
Americans in need of affordable housing.
Regionally, specific methods and materials 
will be used to meet or exceed regional 
and national verification program 
requirements. This may include 
increased insulation and air sealing, 
higher efficiency heating and cooling 
equipment, fire resilient materials and 
fixtures that reduce water consumption. 
In the past two decades, Whirlpool has 
donated ranges and refrigerators to be 
used in more than 110,000 new Habitat 
homes, which amounts to $24.6 million 
in potential homeowner savings on 
energy over the life of the partnership, 
based on a recent Habitat study* on 
energy efficiency and homeowner usage.Through this initiative, we’re not only 
making some predictable changes that 
we can calculate, Habitat is working with 
their research and measuring team to 
evaluate how homeowners are living 
in the home. This will inform how we 
can make design changes in the future 
so that a Habitat home is good for the 
environment and for the homebuyer.
*Per Habitat for Humanity for Humanity “Whirlpool Donated Product Energy Efficiency Study”, issued in October 2021.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 64

SOCIAL  / LOCAL COMMUNITIESHabitat Global Housing Forums
As part of the House+Home World Tour, Whirlpool Corporation is sponsoring three 
Habitat global housing forums. The forums bring together a spectrum of leaders and 
experts to spur innovation aimed at meeting the housing needs of the planet’s growing 
population, while also addressing challenges related to increasing severe weather 
events and changing climate norms. Each initiative is individual to their country, such 
as Poland and the U.K.’s support of Habitat for Humanity’s Safe Places program where 
empty buildings are rehabilitated into multi-family housing units. Habitat for Humanity Brazil
In collaboration with Consulado da Mulher and Habitat for Humanity, we provided 
18 critical home repairs related to the prevention of COVID-19 in the community of 
Heliópolis in São Paulo. This resulted in 64 people living in rehabilitated homes. Forty 
women participated in the Consulado da Mulher entrepreneurship training, directly 
impacting jobs and sales of local businesses in communities.
Habitat for Humanity Argentina
Whirlpool Corporation worked with Habitat for Humanity to identify and execute  
125 home repairs (electrical, water, sanitation, roof) in Pilar, Buenos Aires. In addition, 
repairs were made to three community centers that are responsible for providing food 
assistance to the community and education to the younger population.
Habitat et Humanisme in Whirlpool France 
In France, Whirlpool Corporation celebrates 11 years of partnership with Habitat 
et Humanisme. Whirlpool Corporation collaborates with the association to provide 
access to decent, low-cost housing in the city and to contribute to social diversity  
by choosing housing in mixed culture neighborhoods within urban areas. In the last  
11 years we have supported nearly 3,000 families and donated over 2,500 appliances. 
In 2021, Whirlpool Corporation expanded their work with Habitat et Humanisme by 
delivering 310 appliances to 13 housing units for more than 250 families. In addition 
to supplying household appliances, employees volunteer by offering live cooking 
workshops for more than 50 residents.
CARITAS, Spain
In April 2021 we worked with a local organization, CARITAS, in Barcelona to provide 
appliances for a housing project. CARITAS provides education and training, access to 
work and housing for the most disadvantaged people, allowing them a dignified life. 
This project was a new home, rehabilitated from a building donated by a local church. 
The house provides housing for up to six at-risk individuals as part of an existing social 
housing park run by CARITAS .
Habitat et Humanisme  
in Whirlpool France: 
The last 11 years  
have resulted in  
support for nearly  
3,000   
families, donating over  
2,500   
appliances.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 65

SOCIAL  / LOCAL COMMUNITIESAsia Region
Skilled Training Changes Lives 
Well-structured training programs provide the required catalyst to skill people and 
impact society. The Whirlpool CSR Retail Training Program in India is a training 
program for local youth with a blended learning mode. It uses classroom, online 
and on-the-job training based on job market requirements. 
Mahesh Gupta comes from a marginalized community—his father runs a cycle 
repair shop and single-handedly manages the family’s daily needs. Mahesh 
completed his graduation and started searching for a job that would help support 
his family. Unfortunately, a lack of vocational skill set and zero work experience 
worked against him and he could not find a job. This further deteriorated his 
family’s living conditions, and it was becoming increasingly difficult for him to  
meet the basic needs of his family.
Mahesh entered the Whirlpool CSR 
Retail training program—a vocational 
training program with a blend of 
classroom training and on-the-job 
training. He joined the program in 
January 2021 studying retail. The 
program also provided a stipend 
equivalent to minimum wage for 
his on the job training. Mahesh 
completed the training program 
successfully and is now a permanent 
employee with a fixed monthly salary 
with performance-based incentives.
North America Region
United Way
Whirlpool works with United Way across the U.S. to fund thousands of organizations and 
causes within our communities that focus on education, income, health and basic needs. 
In 2021 our employees contibuted more than $2.2 million and the Whirlpool Foundation 
matched that amount to support United Way programming with almost $4.5 million. 
This campaign also serves as important employee engagement around serving  
our communities. “As a Board member of 
United Way Worldwide, I see 
the collective impact being 
made to fight for the health, 
education and financial 
stability of every person in 
every community.
Marc Bitzer
Chairman & CEO
Whirlpool Corporation
Source: United Way of Southwest Michigan
1 Impact metrics for the year-ended December 31, 2021515,382  meals provided
64,346  individuals served food
892 individuals provided shelter  
or safe environment
4,394 emergency financial assistance
2,900  bills were paid valued at  
 $1.7 million
Contribution from Whirlpool Corporation  
 almost $4.5m United Way  
Annual CampaignMore than 
50,775
People Assisted with 
Basic Needs
10,461  individuals obtained 
access to health care services  
and supports
1,725  people participated in 
physical activity or food access/
nutrition programs
3,346  individuals were assisted 
with financial issues
924 people maintained their 
ability to live at home
491 received job skills trainingMore than 
16,000
People Impacted by  
Health ServicesLocal United Way Impact1
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 66

SOCIAL  / LOCAL COMMUNITIES
1Based on a 2019 Braun Research survey conducted by phone within the United S tates among 600 public school 
teachers (18 years or older)The Care Counts laundry 
program has grown to 
support students  
in need across  
36  
states and  
134   
schools around  
the U.S.
Boys & Girls Clubs of America (BGCA)
Over the past decade, Boys & Girls Clubs 
of America and Maytag have presented 
114 exceptional Boys & Girls Clubs 
mentors with a Maytag Dependable 
Leader Award and $20,000 grant to 
create or expand youth programs. 
Maytag plays an intricate part in making 
sure Boys & Girls Clubs members 
have opportunities to explore their 
passions. Throughout the partnership, Maytag has provided nearly $9.5 million 
to help deserving youth reach their 
full potential as productive, caring, 
responsible citizens. Almost 6,000 
Whirlpool Corporation employees have 
volunteered their time at various Clubs 
across the U.S. Together, Boys & Girls 
Clubs of America and Maytag celebrate 
dependability—a quality that is at the 
core of what the Clubs do every day and 
is central to the Maytag brand.
Care Counts
According to teachers nationwide, one 
in five1 students struggles with access 
to clean clothes. The stigma and shame 
of not having clean clothes can lead 
students to miss school, and students 
who miss school are seven times more 
likely to drop out. The Care Counts 
laundry program by Whirlpool brand is 
committed to helping remove one small 
but important barrier to attendance— 
access to clean clothes—by installing 
washers and dryers in schools.  
Now in its sixth year, the program has 
expanded to 134 schools in 36 states 
across the country and is providing 
access to clean clothes to thousands 
of students. The Care Counts™ laundry program by Whirlpool brand has 
expanded its presence to 16 new schools 
across five new states in the 2021-2022 
school year: Idaho, New Jersey, New 
Mexico, Oklahoma and South Carolina. 
It will continue to work with schools that 
are participating in a second year of 
the program in five regions: Alabama, 
Arkansas, District of Columbia, Kentucky 
and Massachusetts. 
In addition to the program’s introduction 
into the five new states, Whirlpool brand 
recently announced an arrangement 
with Benton Harbor Area Schools to 
bring the program to the company’s 
hometown. A first in the history of the 
Care Counts™ laundry program, the 
expansion to Benton Harbor is an effort 
to help maximize K-12 attendance 
and support education equality in the 
Benton Harbor community. Working 
hand-in-hand with the Benton Harbor 
Area School Board and superintendent, 
Whirlpool brand installed washers and 
dryers in every school within the district 
and developed a customized program 
to collect anonymized data to study 
the impact that the program made on 
student attendance, grades, graduation 
rates and engagement.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 67

SOCIAL  / LOCAL COMMUNITIESWhirlpool Corporation Community Charity Golf Event
The 2021 Whirlpool Corporation Community Charity Golf Event (WCCGE) was once 
again cancelled due to concerns around COVID-19. Despite the event not being held 
for the second year in a row, our participants still showed their support, and Whirlpool 
Corporation was able to issue checks to local organizations to help with their missions 
in the community. 
In past years, the annual event has been hosted on six golf courses, raising funds for 
local charities with a focus on youth education. The WCCGE began as a way to help 
our headquarters’ local Boys & Girls Club with some of their costs and increase their 
programming. It then expanded to raising money to build the Boys & Girls Clubs 
Teen and Youth Centers in Benton Harbor, with additional support for the Benton 
Harbor First Tee program, local school foundations and other youth education-related 
activities such as FIRST Robotics and Junior Achievement. 
Since its inception in 2004 by Whirlpool Corporation’s former Chairman and CEO Jeff 
Fettig, the event has raised over $26 million. $250,000  
Lakeshore Excellence 
Foundation
$250,000  
Benton Harbor Public 
Schools Foundation $250,000  
St. Joseph Public 
Schools FoundationPUBLIC 
SCHOOLS
$100,000  
FIRST Robotics Area Teams$200,000  
Benton Harbor  
First Tee$1.2 M  
Benton Harbor  
Boys & Girls Clubs 
Since its inception in 
2004 by Whirlpool 
Corporation’s former 
Chairman and CEO 
Jeff Fettig, the event 
has raised over  
$26 million .2021 Contributions Made From 
Participant Generosity
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 68

SOCIAL  / LOCAL COMMUNITIESLatin America Region (LAR)
Instituto Consulado da Mulher
Since 2002, Whirlpool Corporation has supported women entrepreneurs with 
Instituto Consulado da Mulher, which works to improve and empower the lives 
of socially vulnerable women, eradicate poverty and promote gender equality  
in Brazil. 
In 2021, Consulado da Mulher conducted research with women who have gone 
through the programs between 2016 and 2019 to understand the impact of our 
efforts three to five years later.
The results were very positive:909   
People Benefited Directly
2,727   
People Benefited Indirectly 
86.3%   
Income Increase
85.7%
 Revenue Increase100.2%
 Savings Increase
67. 2%  
 Investment Increase
 Instituto Consulado da Mulher Impact1
Over 80%  of the program 
participants are still in business.
Over 70%  were able to afford 
home improvements. 
89%  continued to increase  
their income.
58%  have become Consul  
brand consumers.Core Program
Our core program became 100% online. We have benefited 346 people directly and 
over 1,000 indirectly with a 15-month program in which the women learn about 
the basics of business administration, finance, gender, sustainability, ethnicity and 
race, and entrepreneurial behavior, and receive small investments to leverage their 
businesses. In 2021 we supported 252 “nano” businesses and they had an average 
income increase of 85%, as well as revenue increase of 86%. 1 Impact metrics for the year-ended December 31, 2021
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 69

SOCIAL  / LOCAL COMMUNITIESPrograms from Consulado
Instant Message Program
In 2021, we held two editions of the course 
#Empreendenozap, which uses the 
WhatsApp app as a tool, transforming the 
recognized methodology of the Instituto 
Consulado da Mulher into short videos 
and exercises about entrepreneurial 
education in order to reach women from 
the most distant areas of the country who  
do not have a stable internet connection. 
Over 50% of the population in Brazil uses 
WhatsApp, which allows content 
download to watch offline. 
In the First Edition, we partnered with two 
other companies: Itaú and Ultragaz and 
received 1,325 applications, 1,056 were 
selected to participate in our training. We 
achieved 30% engagement, 7% higher 
than the average engagement of free 
online courses. Those with the best 
results during the training were selected 
for a mentorship program with Whirlpool 
Corporation volunteers, which lasted for 
six weeks. They had an income increase of 
59%. With the learnings of this first edition 
we launched a new class in partnership 
with Nestlé, in which 389 women were 
selected. This second training achieved 
an even greater engagement with 53% 
completing the course. 
Uma Mão Lava a Outra Project
Only 34% of households have washing 
machines in the northeast of Brazil.1 
The reasons vary, but one of them is 
cultural: people are used to outsourcing 
this job to women who have been doing 
it for generations—at first in rivers and 
lakes and presently at their homes or 
community centers. These women are 
called “lavadeiras” and they usually live 
in very vulnerable situations, making 
little money from washing clothes.Programa Elas Reparam—Women 
Repair Program
The authorized technical assistance 
shops in Brazil have less than 5% of 
women on their staff.1 As part of a 
diversity initiative, Consulado created 
a program to select and train women 
so they can be hired by our service 
organization, as a way to increase the 
number of women technicians of the 
company’s products. 
There were 35 applications and 10 were 
selected and trained in customer service, 
people management and personal growth,  
as well as technical knowledge. 
Brand Development Project
This project is a partnership between 
the Consulado da Mulher Institute and 
Univille—University of Joinville. Design 
students develop brands and packages, 
benefiting women entrepreneurs 
supported by the Institute. For six 
months, the students communicate with 
entrepreneurs and create appropriate 
brands and packages for them. The 
project benefited more than 30 female 
entrepreneurs in 2021.Maria do Perpétuo 
participated in 
#Empreendenozap and 
reported her experience  
 in the video .
Consul brand, a stand-out in the laundry 
category for their easy-to-use machines, 
joined with Zenir—Consul’s product 
dealer—to launch a unique project for the 
lavadeiras, offering an entrepreneurship 
course from Instituto Consulado da 
Mulher to 20 lavadeiras to teach them 
how to make a profit from the service they 
are providing. The top 10 participants 
received guidance with the Consul 
washing executives along with a washing 
machine to optimize their work.
1 Based on internal research performed by Whirlpool.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 70

SOCIAL  / LOCAL COMMUNITIES
Brazil Corporate Social Responsibility
We launched the Brazil Corporate Social 
Responsibility Strategic Committee in 
2021. We invested R$7,545,516 in  
18 social responsibility projects through 
tax incentives and direct funding. Of these, 
11 projects have been completed or 
started in 2021 and 7 will be started  
in 2022. Our work this year impacted 
1,705,343 people indirectly and our 
direct impacts included 18,666 students 
participated, 2,851 teachers trained,  
240 trees planted, 381 local suppliers 
hired, and 346 new jobs created. In 
addition, participation in the projects 
was 51.5% women and 48.5% men,  
with 50.94% of the projects being led  
by women.
Mexico—Mission Water
For World Water Day 2021, Whirlpool 
LAR North implemented a campaign to 
raise awareness about the responsible 
use of water in the countries of the region. 
Donations were made in Mexico and 
Guatemala, benefiting more than 800 
people who do not have access to water, 
delivered 10 washing machines with 
Xpert System technology to the Casa 
de la Mujer Indígena Yoltika (CAMI) in 
the Sierra Norte de Puebla, Mexico, and 
10 washing machines to the San Juan 
Bautista Jutiapa, Fray Rodrigo de la Cruz, María Guirola and Virgen del Socorro 
homes in Guatemala.
Latin America and the Caribbean have 
about one-third of the world’s drinking 
water sources. Realizing we could still be 
affected by the water scarcity that affects 
four out of 10 people1 in the world, the 
campaign is accompanied by an invitation 
to take care of this resource at home with 
products we interact with daily, such as 
washing machines and dishwashers.
Employees were invited to participate, 
sharing on social media ways to 
conserve water with our Whirlpool  
products, inviting more people to join 
the mission through our official website 
misionagua.whirlpool-latam.com  with 
the aim of raising awareness about the 
Water scarcity affects  
4 out of 10 
people in the world.growing problem of the lack of drinking 
water on Earth.
CAMI Yoltika—Laundry Center (México)
Through Hábitat México, Whirlpool 
Corporation donated 10 energy-efficient 
washing machines to the CAMI Yoltika 
organization in Tlaola, Puebla. They will 
be used to implement a community 
laundry center to promote more free 
time for women and more efficient use 
of water through energy- and water-
efficient appliances.
Robotics Tigres 6652—ROBOTICS TEAM 
Mexico
Whirlpool Corporation, in collaboration 
with Tigres 6652, sponsored a FIRST 
Robotics Competition team. FIRST 
develops K-12 and university students 
advocating for social impact in their 
community through STEM-related projects. 
This initiative will develop young talent 
through 72 hours of mentoring from  
14 Whirlpool Corporation employees  
in various areas of expertise, 50 hours  
of training from 20 employee volunteers  
on multiple topics, model shop support to 
help create prototypes and manufacturing 
of their designs for their robot and  
field parts. Additionally, Whirlpool 
Corporation sponsored the team’s 
construction materials.
1 Per World Health Organization (WHO.int).
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 71

SOCIAL  / LOCAL COMMUNITIESEurope, Middle East & Africa
FIRST Lego League U.K.
Despite the lockdown, Whirlpool U.K. 
continued working with 35 primary 
schools to help develop STEM skills in 
primary school children by sponsoring 
the FIRST Lego League. The winning 
schools won a visit to our U.K. Yate 
manufacturing plant and Peterborough 
U.K. headquarter operation.
Disaster Relief
Whirlpool Corporation donated 600 home 
appliances to support hundreds of families 
affected by the flooding in Ahrweiler, 
Germany, in July. The company partnered 
with the German Red Cross Organization 
to distribute and install the appliances in 
emergency shelters.Whirlpool Corporation also donated a 
total of 500 Whirlpool home appliances 
and 800 KitchenAid appliances to 
support the hundreds of families 
affected by the catastrophic flooding  
in Belgium in July 2021 and helped with 
their new housing.
Electrão and Hotpoint Clean Area 
Where 2,500 Trees Were Planted  
in Portugal
Electrão—Waste Management Association 
and Hotpoint brand in Portugal joined the 
Plantar uma Árvore Association for a 
project to control and remove invasive 
species in the Sintra Cascais Natural Park. 
More than 2,500 trees were planted in 
February as part of a joint campaign.
The cleaning and preparation of 
the area, which involved more than 
two dozen volunteers, took place 
in May. This collaboration draws 
attention to the need to recycle used 
electrical equipment to help protect 
the environment and keep forests, 
beaches and cities cleaner.
The campaign aims to promote 
the native forest and reinforce its 
sustainability by planting native plant 
species to enhance biodiversity and 
resilience to forest fires. Strawberry 
trees, myrtles, mastic trees, hawthorn trees, narrow-leaved heels, whiteoak, 
black oak, cork oak and foliage are 
growing among the vegetation of the 
Natural Park of Sintra Cascais thanks  
to this initiative.
Moments Not to Be Wasted
Moments Not To Be Wasted is an 
edutainment project, targeted to primary 
schools, whose aim is promoting, among 
children and their families, a widespread 
reflection on the social and environmental 
value of food in order to increase their 
awareness about its selection, preservation 
and consumption. 
During the school year 2020-2021 the 
project reached its fifth edition involving 
kids in Italy, Poland, Slovakia and the UK. 
Despite the pandemic, we were able to 
engage around 2,000 schools, involving 
in our activities and online laboratories 
more than 1 million people among 
teachers, students and their families.
COVID-19
Pandemic related donations and 
assistance programs were still very 
prevalent during 2021. As communities 
struggle to find a new normal, Whirlpool 
Corporation continued to be generous 
with donations across the globe.Whether the product donations to many 
local community organizations, donations 
to seven states in Brazil of 20 ultra-freezers 
to store RNAm vaccines, to the 80 freezers 
donated in Sienna, Italy in collaboration 
with the Tuscany Region Lions Club, to 
support the Banco Alimentare’s initiative 
providing food to the people most in 
need, Whirlpool Corporation continued 
to help improve life in our communities.
Additionally, Whirlpool Corporation 
regions created unique programs to 
make it easier for their employees to 
keep track of the latest COVID-19 
information in their region. For example, 
in Argentina, along with a vaccination 
campaign, a health committee was 
created, made up of employees from 
diverse areas of the company. It meets 
weekly to analyze and execute actions 
considering any changes in COVID-19 
issues. In Taiwan, we created a COVID-19 
employee well-being intranet page in 
Chinese language. Materials are direct 
translation from global Whirlpool WeLearn 
and/or well-being sites to make it easier 
for non-English-speaking employees. And 
in Mexico, to raise awareness, motivate 
and invite employees to get the vaccine, 
they created songs and videos  to entice 
employees to attend the Whirlpool 
Corporation hosted vaccine clinics.Whirlpool Corporation 
donated   
600  
home appliances to 
support hundreds of 
families affected by  
the flooding in  
Ahrweiler, Germany.Most of our 
headquarters and 
plants hosted vaccine 
on-site clinics.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 72

GOVERNANCE  / OUR ESG APPROACHGOVERNANCE  / OUR ESG APPROACH OUR APPROACH  / OUR ESG APPROACH
GOVERNANCE
74 The Whirlpool Way
75  Corporate Governance &  
Ethics Approach
76 Board of Directors
80 Compensation Policies
81 Global Ethics & Compliance
90 Product Safety & Quality
93 Responsible Sourcing
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 73

The Whirlpool Way 
For more than 110 years, Our Enduring Values have guided us and reflected our character as a 
company committed to integrity. Since our founding in 1911, how we conduct ourselves in all we  
do remains our most important measure of success. In 1912, Whirlpool Corporation (then known  
as Upton Machine Company) received its first electric wringer washer order and contract with the 
Federal Electric Division of Commonwealth Edison. This was a major milestone for the fledgling 
business in more ways than one. 
Whirlpool Corporation unknowingly delivered an early order of its washing machines with defective transmission gears. Upon 
learning of the defect, Whirlpool Corporation recalled all the machines and replaced the faulty parts at no cost. The show of integrity 
and commitment to quality so impressed Federal Electric that the customer doubled its order. This simple but extraordinary act, a 
reflection of our founders’ character, set the bar for the next 110 years and beyond. As our Chairman and CEO says, “We might not 
be remembered for WHAT we achieved, but we will be remembered for HOW we achieved it. Success without integrity is failure.”  
 
By keeping The Whirlpool Way at the forefront of our actions, our culture of compliance and ethics is strengthened and sustained. 
Acting with integrity and following The Whirlpool Way helps us earn trust every day. For 100 years and counting, we have earned 
trust by acting with integrity.   
OUR VALUES
INCLUSION & 
DIVERSITYONE  
WHIRLPOOLSPIRIT OF 
WINNINGINTEGRITY RESPECT
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 74

GOVERNANCE  / OUR ESG APPROACHCorporate Governance 
& Ethics Approach
Whirlpool Corporation is committed to creating value through the 
highest standards of ethical and legal conduct while operating 
sustainably to create shareholder value over the long-term. Our Board 
of Directors, sound corporate governance structure and values-driven 
integrity culture support us in delivering on this commitment.
• Board Review of Strategy
• Board Oversight of ESG 
- Review of strategy 
- Updates on long-term initiatives 
• Proxy Access 
• Annual Director Elections  
Board Refreshment 
• Executive Sessions of  
Nonemployee Directors
• Shareholder Engagement 
• Diverse & Experienced Board• Our Values: Integrity, Respect, 
Inclusion & Diversity, One 
Whirlpool, Spirit of Winning 
• Our Integrity Manual translates our 
integrity into action and empowers 
employees to lead with integrity 
• Our Integrity Principles: We do what 
is right for consumers, our people, 
our company and do business the 
right way 
• Executive Oversight & Tone at  
the Top 
• Integrity Channels including 
Integrity Line global hotline
• Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC)ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 75

GOVERNANCE  / OUR ESG APPROACHBoard Composition 
Our Board is composed of 13 directors, including an independent Presiding Director 
and one employee director, our Chairman and CEO Marc Bitzer. Our Board includes 
leaders with experience and demonstrated expertise in many substantive areas that 
impact our business and align with our strategy, including product development, 
digital marketing/branded consumer products, and innovation, technology and 
engineering leadership. During 2021, our Board had four committees:
• Audit Committee 
• Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 
• Human Resources Committee 
• Finance Committee
Each Board committee consists solely of independent directors and operates under 
a charter that provides the key duties and responsibilities of each committee. Each 
director attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and the 
Board committees on which they served.
Board Leadership 
The Board regularly evaluates our Board leadership structure to ensure that it 
operates effectively in the current environment, recognizing that organizational needs 
may change over time. Currently, each of our directors, other than the Chairman 
and CEO, is independent, and each of our Board committees is composed entirely of 
independent directors. Our independent directors have direct access to members of 
senior management, and meet in executive sessions at each Board and Committee 
meeting. They are experienced, objective and well-equipped to exercise oversight over 
management and represent the interests of shareholders. At the present time, the 
Board believes that shareholders’ interests are best served by the joint leadership of a Board of Directors
combined Chairman/CEO and an independent Presiding Director. The responsibilities 
of the independent Presiding Director are set forth below: 
• Coordinates with the Chairman & CEO on the annual agenda and special topics for 
Board meetings
• Presides at executive sessions of the independent directors
• Provides feedback to the Chairman & CEO
• Assists the Chairman of the Human Resources Committee (our compensation 
committee) with the annual performance evaluation of the Chairman & CEO
• Serves as the focal point for managing shareholder communications with the 
independent directors
• Retains independent advisors on behalf of the Board, as the Board deems necessary 
Board & Executive Oversight of ESG
Our Board is committed to overseeing the integration of ESG principles throughout 
Whirlpool Corporation, as reflected in our Corporate Governance Guidelines . The 
Board reviews and receives updates on our sustainability strategy and key long-term 
ESG initiatives every year. In 2021, the Board participated in a deep-dive education 
session on ESG trends with external advisors. The Board also reviewed allocation of 
oversight responsibility for ESG risks across the Board and its standing committees. 
While the full Board is responsible for oversight of ESG strategy, committees of 
the Board are responsible for oversight of aspects of ESG risk monitoring and 
implementation. For example, the Audit Committee monitors ethics and compliance 
risks. The Human Resources Committee reviews human capital management metrics. 
The Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee monitors governance trends  
and shareholder feedback. The Finance Committee reviews transactions related  
to ESG strategy.Climate (and Water)
Compensation 
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
Employee Safety
Enterprise Risk Management 
ESG Reporting 
Ethics & Compliance 
Financial 
Governance
Human Capital Management 
Inclusion & DiversityThe Board and its committees 
review the following ESG issues  
at a regular cadence: 
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 76

GOVERNANCE  / BOARD OF DIRECTORSAt the management level, our ESG efforts are led by our Executive Committee and 
guided by our ESG Councils. Our ESG Councils are composed of regional business 
leaders and senior leaders from our key operational and corporate functions. The 
ESG Councils evaluate our strategic priorities on relevant ESG issues based on results 
of our ESG Materiality Assessment and input from our ESG Task Force. The ESG Task 
Force is responsible for monitoring emerging ESG trends and overseeing progress 
against the strategic priority framework established by our ESG Councils. Board Refreshment & Diversity 
The Board, with the assistance of the Corporate Governance and Nominating 
Committee, selects potential new Board members using predefined criteria 
and priorities. We believe it is valuable to have directors with varying lengths of 
service in order to strike the right balance between continuity and renewal. The 
five independent directors who joined the Board in the past six years bring fresh 
perspectives to the Board, while our experienced directors have deep knowledge of 
our operations and the evolution of our strategy. The mandatory age limit of 72 set 
forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines allows for periodic refreshment, while 
retaining a solid foundation of seasoned directors. 
We believe it is important to have a diverse Board membership reflecting differences 
in viewpoints, professional experiences, educational background, skills, race, gender, 
ethnicity, national origin and age. The Board’s Corporate Governance and Nominating 
Committee is committed to seeking qualified diverse candidates, including diversity 
of race, gender and ethnicity in each independent director search, and instructs any 
search firm that it engages accordingly. 33%t of our independent directors are female 
and 25% are racial/ethnic minorities.1
2
3
4BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Oversees ESG risks and the integration of 
ESG principles in Whirlpool Corporation's 
strategy. The Board reviews and receives 
updates on our sustainability strategy and 
key long-term ESG initiatives.
CEO/EXECUTIVE 
COMMITTEE
Primary ownership 
and responsibility 
for setting ESG 
strategic priorities 
throughout the 
organization
ESG TASK FORCE
Oversees progress against the framework, 
identifies and addresses challenges, enhances 
disclosure and monitors emerging ESG trendsEXECUTIVE  
COMMITTEE-  
SPONSORED  
ESG COUNCILS
Oversee ESG strategic 
priorities and progress  
on critical ESG issuesGENDER DIVERSITY
Women Men33% 67%
RACIAL/ETHNIC DIVERSITY
Asian/
South 
AsianWhite17% 75% 8%
Black/
African
American
Governance Structure 
BOARD DIVERSITY
(Independent Directors)
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 77

GOVERNANCE  / BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
SKILLS & EXPERIENCESAMUEL 
ALLENMARC 
BITZERGREG  
CREEDGARY 
DICAMILLODIANE 
DIETZGERRI  
ELLIOTTJENNIFER  
LACLAIRJOHN   
LIUJAMES
LOREEHARISH 
MANWANI PATRICIA 
POPPEGEN. LARRY 
SPENCERMICHAEL 
WHITE
Leadership of Large/Complex Organizations ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Global Business Operations ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
International Work Experience ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Corporate Strategy/M&A ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Sales and Trade Management ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Product Development ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Innovation, Technology and Engineering ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Global Supply Chain, Manufacturing and Logistics ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Marketing, Digital Marketing and  
Branded Consumer Products● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Accounting, Finance and Capital Structure ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Board Practices of Other Major Corporations ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Legal/Regulatory and Government Affairs ● ● ● ● ●
Human Capital Management ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Cybersecurity ● ● ● ● ●
GENDER
Male ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Female ● ● ● ●
RACIAL/ETHNICITY
White ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Black/African American ●
Asian/South Asian ● ●
Military ● ●BOARD EXPERIENCE, SKILLS & DIVERSITY MATRIX
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 78

GOVERNANCE  / RESPONSIBLE SOURCING
Decision Making
• Any new supplier who doesn’t pass the 
audit is not awarded the business.
• Any existing supplier who scores poorly 
on the audit is put on new business 
hold and must pass the re-audit before 
business can continue.
Human & Labor Rights 
Whirlpool Corporation supports the 
human rights of everyone we work with, 
and we expect our global suppliers to do 
the same. We strive to hold our suppliers 
accountable with these same principles 
through our SCoC. The SCoC states, in auditors check for activities related to 
forced labor per our SCoC audit manual, 
including, but not limited to: 
• Supplier must have a written policy 
against forced labor that complies and 
implements the code, applicable laws 
and regulations.
• All workers in the facility must be 
voluntarily employed. 
• Workers must be able to voluntarily 
end their employment without any 
restriction, provided that they give 
reasonable notice to their organization.  
• No prisoners should be working in  
a facility. 
• No supplier may hold a worker’s original 
government-issued identification or 
travel documents. 
• A supplier may obtain and retain 
copies of workers’ government-issued 
identification and travel documents.NAR EMEA LAR ASIA TOTAL
New/Potential 1 16 21 101 139
Existing 45 35 46 76 202
Total Audited 46 51 67 177 341SUPPLIER AUDIT SNAPSHOTpart, that suppliers must recognize and 
respect human rights, including any 
rights of workers to exercise lawful rights 
of free association, compliance with local 
and international laws regarding young 
workers, compliance with laws prohibiting 
human trafficking in any form (e.g., 
forced labor, debt bonded slavery), 
providing safe and healthy work 
environments, and respecting any legal 
right of workers to bargain collectively. 
Under the SCoC, all suppliers are 
also prohibited from using any type 
of involuntary or forced labor. Our • Under no circumstances may a supplier 
allow a private employment or labor 
agency to hold a worker’s original 
government-issued identification or 
travel documents.
• Supplier shall not confine or restrict 
workers’ freedom of movement inside 
the place of production or supplier-
provided facilities, including access 
to drinking water, restrooms and 
the worker’s dormitory room, except 
where necessary for worker safety  
and permitted by applicable laws  
and regulations.
• A supplier must ensure workers have 
not been charged, directly or indirectly, 
any fees or commission related to 
the recruitment and/or employment 
process, whether in a worker’s home 
country or in the country where the work is performed. If the recruitment 
agent has requested any such fee, 
supplier must ensure the worker has 
been reimbursed.
• Supplier must respect the right of a 
worker to remove themself from a 
work situation based on a reasonable 
justification that the situation presents 
an imminent and serious danger to 
their life or health. 
• Supplier shall not retaliate or discipline 
any worker for exercising this right.
Where there is no local legal requirement 
or if a local legal requirement is not 
as strict as the requirement included 
in the SCoC, suppliers are required to 
follow the requirements in the SCoC. 
Our SCoC also prohibits harsh or 
inhumane treatment, including corporal 
punishment or the threat of corporal 
punishment, or forced labor. 
No instances of child labor or young 
workers exposed to hazardous work 
were found in any of the audited 
supplier facilities. We audit our suppliers 
to check for any child labor instances 
per our policy, which determines the 
minimum age for workers must be 
greater than: (a) 15 years of age or  
14 years of age where local law allows 
such an employment age consistent 
with International Labour Organization 4 
Continents
27  
Countries
341  
FactoriesArgentina   
Austria  
Brazil  
Bulgaria 
Cambodia 
China 
Czech Republic 
Ecuador 
FranceHungary 
India
Italy 
Korea 
Malaysia 
Mexico 
Morocco 
Poland 
Romania Russia
Singapore 
Spain 
Switzerland 
Thailand 
Tunisia 
Turkey 
U.S. 
VietnamGlobal Supplier Audits  
Conducted in 2021
Locations
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 79

GOVERNANCE  / OUR ESG APPROACHCompensation Policies
Compensation Philosophy & Policies
Whirlpool Corporation is dedicated to achieving global leadership in all of our product 
categories and to always delivering superior shareholder value. To achieve our 
objectives, we manage a pay-for-performance compensation philosophy based upon 
the following guiding principles:
• Compensation should be incentive-driven with a focus on both short-term and  
long-term results.
• A significant portion of pay should be performance-based, with the portion varying in 
direct relation to an executive’s level of responsibility.
• Components of compensation should be linked to the drivers of sustainable 
shareholder value over the long-term.
• Compensation should be tied to both business results and individual performance.
 
Each member of our Executive Committee has elements of our ESG priorities included 
in their individual objectives for the purposes of individual performance ratings, which 
influence each executive’s incentive compensation. We reinforce emerging best practices 
and avoid those considered poor pay practices:ELEMENT FORM CHARACTERISTICS/PURPOSE 2021 METRICS
Base Salary Cash Fixed component based on responsibility, 
experience and individual performanceN/A
Short-Term
Incentives
  Annual 
Performance  
Cash AwardPerformance-based variable cash incentive to 
reward for achieving annual financial and individual 
performance goalsOngoing EBIT (50%)
 
Free Cash Flow (50%)
 
+/– 50% Modifier for Individual 
Performance Results
Long-Term
IncentivesPerformance Stock 
Units (70%)
 
Stock
Options (30%)Motivate and reward employees for the 
achievement of company financial and strategic 
performance over a preset three-year period 
beginning January 1, and promote retention
 
Provide incentive for long-term stock price 
appreciation and promote retentionCumulative Ongoing Earnings  
Per Share (50%)
 
ROIC (50%)
 
Stock price appreciationOVERVIEW OF 2021 EXECUTIVE SALARY  
& INCENTIVE COMPENSATION ELEMENTS
• Pay-for-performance
• Use an independent compensation 
consultant that is solely engaged 
to provide executive compensation 
services to Whirlpool Corporation• Cap short-term and long-term 
incentive award payouts at market-
competitive levels
• Maintain robust stock ownership 
guidelines for our executives (7x salary 
multiple for CEO; 5x for other named 
executive officers)
• Subject all variable pay to a 
compensation recovery “claw-back”• Have “double-trigger” change-in-
control agreements
• Carefully manage risk in our 
compensation programs to protect 
against unintended outcomes
• Provide market-competitive 
perquisites deemed necessary to 
attract and retain top talentWE AVOID POOR 
PAY PRACTICES
• No hedging or pledging of Whirlpool 
Corporation stock by executive officers 
or directors
• No excise tax gross-upsWE REINFORCE 
BEST PRACTICES• No employment contracts except as 
required by local law or prevailing local 
market practice
• No payment of dividends or dividend 
equivalents on grants of any Performance 
Stock Units (“PSUs”) or Restricted Stock 
Units (“RSUs”) prior to vesting
• No repricing or reloading of stock options
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 80

GOVERNANCE  / OUR ESG APPROACHGlobal Ethics & Compliance 
Our values—Integrity, Respect, Inclusion and Diversity, One Whirlpool 
and Spirit of Winning—form the enduring character of our company 
and are an important part of our heritage. They are the moral 
compass for everything we do. If Our Enduring Values of Integrity, 
Respect, Inclusion and Diversity, One Whirlpool and Spirit of 
Winning are the foundation of who we are as a company, then our 
culture for more than 100 years is reflected in our commitment to 
Winning with Integrity, because “how we achieve success is equal to 
if not more important than the success we achieve.” This quote by 
our Chairman and CEO Marc Bitzer encapsulates who we are, what 
we stand for and forms the foundation for our Global Ethics and 
Compliance Program.
Whirlpool Corporation’s Global Ethics and Compliance Program is focused on enhancing 
and sustaining our culture of winning with integrity, empowering employees with tools 
and resources to act with integrity, within a risk-based framework. Our program puts 
our Integrity value at the forefront and empowers our employees to keep it there. A 
cornerstone of our program is Our Integrity Manual, or code of ethics.
The Global Ethics and Compliance Program is overseen by Whirlpool Corporation’s 
Board of Directors, Audit Committee of the Board, as well as by a Global Ethics and 
Compliance Steering Committee, which is comprised of the CEO and Chairman of the 
Board, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, 
Vice President of Internal Audit and Chief Compliance Officer. The Global Ethics 
and Compliance Steering Committee helps set the tone for ethics and compliance 
at Whirlpool Corporation by leading ethics, compliance and integrity initiatives and providing strategic direction to our Global Ethics and Compliance Team, which 
includes ethics and compliance professionals across the globe, closely embedded 
within our regional and functional teams. 
Our commitment to winning with integrity is also reflected by strong cross-functional 
leadership and partnerships between the Global Ethics and Compliance Team 
and partners such as Internal Audit, Human Resources, Information Security, 
Data Privacy, Product Safety, Global Sourcing, and other teams. These partnerships 
permit us to leverage resources to sustain program integrity and functionality. 
With clear ownership of compliance risks and related policies, procedures and 
systems, our Global Ethics and Compliance program encourages all of us to 
participate and play a key role in our culture of integrity. 
Additional critical components of our Global Ethics and Compliance Program are 
risk-based ethics and compliance communications and training, including annual 
training on all of the principles in Our Integrity Manual. This training, where 
employees certify that they have reviewed and understand Our Integrity Manual, 
was delivered to 57,000 employees as part of the Integrity Manual launch in 2019, 
and 20,933 employees in 2020 and 19,570 employees in 2021 through refresher 
trainings, including 100% participation by employees in high risk roles or functions.Whirlpool 
Corporation’s Global 
Ethics and Compliance 
Program is focused 
on enhancing and 
sustaining our culture 
of winning with 
integrity, empowering 
employees with tools 
and resources to act 
with integrity, within a 
risk-based framework.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 81

GOVERNANCE  / GLOBAL ETHICS & COMPLIANCEIn 2021, undeterred by the continuing global pandemic and focused on the 
importance of our integrity value and the How  of what we do, we delivered  
Global Integrity Week , during which our teams delivered targeted trainings  
over one week in July on our most critical risk areas and to our high-risk roles, 
including 49 interactive, virtual trainings to more than 12,000 employees across  
40 countries and more than 250 cities. With 100% participation from our Executive 
Committee in various trainings and participation from global leaders ranging from 
managers to vice presidents, the dynamic trainings, videos, communications and 
educational materials and resources delivered by internal and external subject 
matter experts, advanced our culture, empowered our employees and enabled  
our colleagues to achieve success the right way. 
With 69,000 employees and thousands of third-party business relationships, 
Whirlpool Corporation continually and systematically reviews compliance risks our 
business faces. We are aware of these risks and take proactive actions to respond 
to them. Whether through risk-based audits, managing our global third-party due 
diligence program or implementing and sustaining integrity channels that aid 
our employees to speak up, listen up and/or seek support, the Global Ethics and 
Compliance Program brings all of its operations and resources to bear to advance 
Whirlpool Corporation’s culture of integrity. 
We encourage our employees to ask questions and voice concerns. As stated in 
Our Integrity Manual, speaking up and listening up is the responsibility of all of us. 
Our integrity channels serve as resources our employees can use to ask questions 
or raise a concern. Through our integrity channels, including Our Integrity Line, or 
hotline, we ensure that our employees will be listened to and heard.Global Integrity Week
79  
Global  
Leadership  
Videos12,000  
Total  
Global  
Attendance49  
Total  
Training  
Events100%  
Executive  
Committee Member 
Participation
“Senior leadership 
set a strong 
example ... 
Authentic!”“I loved it. Dynamic 
videos ... format 
makes the training 
light and interesting.”
Culture of  
 IntegrityCybersecurity/
Data PrivacyHealth & Safety,  
SecurityWhat We Do
(GSS & GPO)Anti-Bribery/
Anti-Corruption“Glad we’re 
focused on 
this. Thank 
you.”WHAT EMPLOYEES HAD TO SAY
TOPICS OF DISCUSSION
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 82

GOVERNANCE  / GLOBAL ETHICS & COMPLIANCEGlobal Integrity Line
 
The Global Integrity Line is a confidential resource that allows individuals to raise good-faith ethics, compliance and values-related 
questions or concerns without fear of retribution or retaliation, and to do so anonymously at the reporter’s election. The Global 
Integrity Line  can be accessed in several ways, both externally and internally, and is administered by an independent third party with 
translation capabilities. All matters raised through the Integrity Line are reviewed and investigated appropriately by the Global Ethics 
and Compliance Team pursuant to defined processes that include confidentiality and anti-retaliation policies. Throughout the review 
or investigation of a report, and following its conclusion, all matters that are raised are kept confidential. No aspect of a matter 
is made known except to a select and limited number of authorized individuals. The Global Ethics and Compliance Team reviews 
reporting trends and investigation results with both the Global Ethics and Compliance Steering Committee and Regional Ethics and 
Compliance Committees comprised of senior leaders.
All matters raised through the 
Integrity Line are reviewed and 
investigated appropriately by the 
Global Ethics and Compliance Team 
pursuant to defined processes that 
include confidentiality and  
anti-retaliation policies. Your  
Manager
Any Whirlpool 
Corporation  
Leader
Human  
ResourcesInternal  
AuditCompliance Office 
or other Legal  
Team MemberHOW TO RAISE 
CONCERNS
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 83

GOVERNANCE  / GLOBAL ETHICS & COMPLIANCEThe Global Integrity Line is regularly publicized to 
employees as part of annual ethics and compliance 
communication plans and during global and 
regional training. These communications are 
delivered through multiple platforms and delivery 
channels within Whirlpool Corporation, and 
training is provided globally by ethics and 
compliance professionals and other cross-
functional partners (e.g., Internal Audit, Finance, 
Human Resources, Inclusion & Diversity). 
In 2021, Whirlpool Corporation had 744 total 
cases globally raised through the Integrity Line, 
which is a 15.1% increase in the total number  
of average cases raised over the previous three 
years. The increased reporting results from recent 
efforts to foster and encourage a “Speak Up”  
and “Listen Up” culture amongst employees. 
During 2021, we reduced the average days to 
close Integrity Line cases by more than 10% 
leading to an average closing time of 47 days,  
in line with industry standards. We also took 
corrective actions on substantiated cases. The 
unsubstantiated cases provided us opportunities 
to enhance our controls, processes and procedures 
or provide training and ensure a strong ethics and 
compliance culture. Through using continuous 
improvement strategies, enhanced coordination 
with cross-functional partners like HR, IA, GSS, 
and others, and strengthened governance and 
coordination among the Global Ethics and 
Compliance team, we have been able to improve 
our investigation processes, procedures and 
ability to respond to issues and concerns raised 
by colleagues.How Our Integrity Line Works
Employees may contact the 
confidential Whirlpool Integrity 
Line with an ethics or compliance 
concern 24 hours a day, seven 
days a week, online or by phone.
Online and phone reporting is 
available in more than 16 languages. 
Employees can choose the most 
suitable language to complete their 
report submission form.
They will receive a unique code called  
a “Report Key” that they use along with  
a password to be able to check the  
status of the report.
The Global Ethics and Compliance Team 
reviews the report and, where appropriate, 
assigns it to an investigator, who may be 
from Internal Audit, Law Department, Human 
Resources, Security or other functions. The 
investigator may contact the employee for 
additional information, where possible.If the report is substantiated, 
Whirlpool Corporation will 
take prompt and appropriate 
action. Conclusions of the 
investigations may remain 
confidential, but we will 
always acknowledge that  
the concerns raised  
were reviewed.
A third-party operator who 
specializes in our Integrity Line 
service will answer the call.
The operator will then ask for details 
about the issue, parties involved, 
location etc.All reports go to 
Whirlpool Corporation’s 
Global Ethics and 
Compliance Team.1
2
3
456
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 84

GOVERNANCE  / GLOBAL ETHICS & COMPLIANCEOur Integrity Manual
Our culture of integrity is put into 
action every day by our 69,000 global 
employees. Our Integrity Manual (our 
code of ethics) represents how we 
translate our integrity into action.  
Our Integrity Manual is intentionally 
designed with two sections: a cultural 
section and a principles section. The 
cultural section describes our values, 
while the principles section translates 
our integrity value into everyday actions.
Whirlpool Corporation’s commitment to 
integrity begins with its leadership. All 
of Whirlpool Corporation’s top leaders 
globally attended training in which 
they reviewed and committed to action 
Our Integrity Manual. In turn, these 
leaders actively led similar training, in which nearly three quarters of our 
global employees participated. This 
commitment demonstrated our belief 
that how we achieve our goals is just as 
important as what we accomplish. Each 
year these same leaders, and all leaders, 
also complete an annual training on all 
of the principles in Our Integrity Manual 
and participate in Global Integrity Week.
These training sessions emphasize to our 
employees that Our Integrity Manual is a 
resource for them to be empowered to 
lead and win with integrity every day, 
including tools, such as a decision tree, 
to use when faced with an ethical question. 
As a tool to better support our employees 
globally, Whirlpool Corporation launched 
the Digital Integrity Manual in 2020. This 
interactive and practical tool further helps 
apply Whirlpool Corporation’s values to 
employees’ needs in their day-to-day work. MAKING ETHICAL 
DECISIONS
Don’t do itN0It is our responsibility to win with integrity and earn trust every day. The following basic questions are 
especially helpful for situations not specifically addressed in this manual, our policies, or other standards.
YesThere is no right way to do a wrong thing
Find the right way. Do not  
act until you confirm that  
the decision is aligned with  
our values, the law, our  
policies and procedures. ASK
Before acting, understand the  
appearances and implications  
of your actions. Act as if your  
actions will appear in the news.  ASK
You are accountable for  
your actions. Make sure  
you understand the possible  
consequences. Only act when  
you have authority to do so.ASKNot 
sure
Not 
sure
Not sure
ACT
Following The Whirlpool WayWILL WE DO IT?
Do you understand the consequences?
Are you willing to be accountable  
for this decision?SHOULD  WE DO IT?
Does it feel right? Would you want 
your actions to become public?
Does it reflect positively on Whirlpool  
Corporation and your reputation?
YesYesCAN WE DO IT?
Is it consistent with our values?
Is it consistent with the law, our 
policies, and procedures?
Don’t do it
Don’t do itN0
N0
Digital Integrity Manual 
Whirlpool Corporation’s  
Values
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 85

GOVERNANCE  / GLOBAL ETHICS & COMPLIANCEHuman Rights Approach
Whirlpool Corporation supports the human rights of everyone we work with and 
expects our global business partners to do the same. We believe in global human 
rights, and our business practices reflect that commitment to ensure every person 
who works for us throughout all of our global operations does so of their own free will, 
in a safe and healthy environment. We oppose discrimination, slavery and child labor, 
and ensure we have controls and protections to avoid them. We support diversity and 
wage parity. We also respect the rights of our employees to associate with whom they 
choose and to be involved in politics outside of work. These values are also reflected 
in Our Integrity Manual. Moreover, Our Integrity Line can be used both internally and 
externally to bring concerns about human rights issues to our attention. In addition 
to our internal commitment to human rights, we also hold our suppliers and business 
partners accountable to comply with these same principles through our Supplier 
Code of Conduct. See our Responsible Sourcing section below for additional details of 
human and labor rights.
Anti-Corruption 
We do business the right way. This means that we do not tolerate bribery or corruption 
of any kind. Moreover, it means that we are actively adhering to this principle in all 
aspects of our business. In addition to Our Integrity Manual, Whirlpool Corporation 
maintains a global anti-corruption policy, which provides guidance and details of our 
anti-corruption commitment and expectations. 
With leadership driven by our Executive Committee, the Global Ethics and Compliance 
Steering Committee, and Global Ethics and Compliance Team, and leveraging global 
and cross-functional resources, Whirlpool Corporation uses an anti-corruption 
program to identify and mitigate potential corruption risks. This includes:
• Risk-based policies and procedures.
• Online and in-person facilitated training.
• Risk-based audits to monitor, mitigate, and eradicate corruption risks. Protocol Against 
Gender Violence
 
In 2020, Whirlpool Argentina 
formalized a protocol against 
gender or female violence after new 
policy changes and the ratification 
of the ILO 190 Convention by 
Argentina. Whirlpool Corporation’s 
Diversity & Inclusion committee has 
been working on this initiative in 
collaboration with other companies, 
organizations and associations. We 
are currently in the process of 
refining the protocol with support 
from a local nonprofit. The main 
goal of the Protocol is to provide 
guidelines that ensure we provide  
a trusted and safe environment for 
our female employees so they can 
comfortably request paid time off 
and receive reliable support on 
legal issues as well as mental and 
health issues.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 86

GOVERNANCE  / GLOBAL ETHICS & COMPLIANCEDue Diligence Program
Our global third-party due diligence 
program, which is applicable to all of 
Whirlpool Corporation’s third-party 
relationships, evaluates potential and 
future ethics and compliance risks, 
including risks of corruption that may 
be presented through our third-party 
relationships. In addition, we have 
escalation policies for raising corruption 
and/or bribery matters to either the 
Whirlpool Corporation Executive 
Committee and/or the Audit Committee 
of the Whirlpool Corporation Board 
of Directors. The escalation of these 
matters is intended to engage, inform 
and involve senior leaders in matters 
that may pose significant risk to the 
company and our culture of integrity. 
Additionally, every quarter the Global 
Ethics and Compliance Team reviews 
Integrity Line cases that may involve 
allegations of corruption and bribery 
with the Global Ethics and Compliance 
Steering Committee. 
These quarterly meetings and reports 
are designed to actively engage 
global senior leaders in the oversight 
and response to anti-corruption 
matters, including addressing policy 
enhancements, implementing controls 
and procedures, aligning on targeted 
risk-based trainings, and engaging input on sustaining Whirlpool Corporation’s 
strong culture of compliance and 
commitment to anti-corruption efforts. 
For Whirlpool Corporation, bribery 
means more than just money changing 
hands. If the intent is corrupt, anything 
of value—no matter how small and of 
what nature—can be considered a bribe. 
Bribery of a government official or  
any person or entity is illegal. Many 
countries also prohibit commercial 
bribes. Further, Whirlpool Corporation 
does not permit facilitation payments. 
Whirlpool Corporation policies proactively 
address bribery and facilitation, explaining 
that, “directly or indirectly offering, 
authorizing, promising, giving, accepting, 
soliciting, or receiving something of value 
to improperly influence someone or gain 
an improper or unlawful advantage can 
be considered a bribe. It may include but 
is not limited to cash payments or cash 
equivalents, gifts, hospitality, travel, 
vacations, political contributions and/or 
donations, meals, access to or special 
status at entertainment events,  
awarding contracts, and offers of  
future employment.”
We believe that corruption occurs when 
there is an abuse of trust and/or our 
values are compromised for an improper 
gain or advantage. This might include 
falsifying documents in exchange for (or to conceal) a bribe or receiving 
some form of personal enrichment for 
performing a normal job function. Even 
the appearance of corruption can be 
enough to damage our reputation and 
the trust of our customers, shareholders, 
business partners and one another. 
We maintain strict controls to prevent 
and detect corruption. We consistently 
communicate that we all must apply 
good judgment to prevent even the 
perception of wrongdoing. 
Global Gifts &  
Entertainment Policy 
In January 2020, Whirlpool Corporation 
implemented our revised Global Gifts & 
Entertainment Policy (the “Policy”) and 
Gifts and Entertainment Guidelines (the 
“Guidelines”). The Policy and Guidelines 
affirm our commitment to fair, ethical 
and lawful business relationships. As the 
Policy states, “[Whirlpool Corporation] 
awards and earns business solely on 
the basis of commercial considerations 
such as value, quality, services and 
competitive pricing. Gifts, entertainment, 
and other special favors are not, and 
will not become, conditions for doing 
business with Whirlpool and shall never 
influence, or appear to influence, an 
employee’s ability to make impartial 
business decisions in the best interest  
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 87

GOVERNANCE  / GLOBAL ETHICS & COMPLIANCEof Whirlpool.” Under the Policy, we do 
not accept gifts and any entertainment 
“must be reasonable, appropriate,  
serve a legitimate business purpose, 
and must not create the appearance  
of impropriety.” 
Global Anti-Bribery/Anti-
Corruption Online Training
Whirlpool Corporation maintains strict 
controls to prevent and detect corruption 
and follows specific accounting rules and 
procedures for reporting information 
and ensuring we have accurate and 
reasonably detailed books and financial 
records, including entertainment and 
travel expenses. To reinforce the 
importance of following Whirlpool 
Corporation policies and procedures, 
and their role in preventing bribery and 
corruption, in October 2020, Whirlpool 
Corporation launched its Global Anti-
Bribery / Anti-Corruption Online training  
to more than 15,000 employees 
representing high-risk roles or functions. 
In 2021, as part of Global Integrity Week 
which reached more than 12,000 
employees, we focused a full day to 
Anti-Bribery / Anti-Corruption training, 
including training on interactions  
with government officials, gifts and 
entertainment, third-party relationships 
and legal / regulatory compliance. We 
continually update, improve and enhance our Global Ethics and Compliance 
Program to ensure appropriate and 
necessary resources (economic and 
talent-based) are available and used to 
identify and respond to current and 
future corruption risks.
Throughout 2021, the Global Ethics and 
Compliance team provided diverse, 
dynamic, and interactive training focused 
on interacting with government officials  
 to various global business units and 
teams. Bolstered by our global policies 
and procedures regarding gifts and 
entertainment, anti-corruption, and third 
party due diligence, the training was 
designed to reinforce our commitment to 
doing business with integrity, educating 
our teams, and helping empower our 
employees to avoid risks and even the 
appearance of impropriety. The training 
was delivered to colleagues in various 
roles ranging from manufacturing to sales 
and marketing.
Antitrust/Contact with 
Competitors Training
Whirlpool Corporation is strongly 
committed to complying with antitrust 
laws around the world. The company  
has a robust antitrust compliance 
program that involves every level of the 
company (including senior leadership) 
and includes mandatory antitrust 
policies, compliance procedures and 
controls, an extensive training program, 
and processes for periodic review, 
monitoring and auditing. Whirlpool 
Corporation regularly updates our 
antitrust compliance program to address changing business conditions, 
developments in antitrust law and 
enforcement, and emerging risks. One 
aspect of Whirlpool Corporation’s program 
is a set of compliance procedures and 
related training to ensure that all contacts 
with competitors comply with applicable antitrust laws. In November 2021, 
Whirlpool Corporation launched a global 
awareness effort to reinforce these 
compliance efforts and will supplement 
this effort in 2022 with an updated global 
training program.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 88

GOVERNANCE  / GLOBAL ETHICS & COMPLIANCE
Juan Gomez-Sanchez ,  
Global Information Security Officer  “It has become ever more important 
for organizations to understand 
cybersecurity, data privacy, crisis 
management and how all of that 
relates back to the business, so we 
can perform security at the speed of 
business. We’re focused on maturing 
our security capabilities and elevating 
our global security posture.”
Gomez-Sanchez joined Whirlpool Corporation in 2021 with more than 28 years of experience in information 
security, including roles at Delta Airlines, CheckFree Corporation (now Fiserv), Florida’s Turnpike Enterprise and 
most recently at Lennar Corporation, where his responsibilities encompassed all physical and cybersecurity 
initiatives. He is an industry-recognized thought leader and subject matter expert on various security-related 
domains to include Cyber Risk Management, Cyber Ethics and positioning security as a business enabler.
Cybersecurity & Data Privacy
We respect privacy. We want to earn and keep trust. We work hard to protect any 
personal information shared with us. We recognize the sensitivity of personal 
information, so we only seek personal information that we need for legitimate 
business or legal purposes, and only use it for purposes disclosed to consumers.
Equally important is our need to manage cybersecurity risk efficiently. To this end, 
we continue to invest in protecting our information assets and the integrity of our 
computing environment at the enterprise level. We have a cybersecurity and privacy 
training program that includes training, simulated phishing exercises and regular 
publications on our company portal. We have a Privacy program that manages 
compliance to privacy regulations globally. Our security monitoring and incident response functions are managed centrally by our Global Security Operations Center and 
we continue to mature our security capabilities in support of our business imperatives.
Our Board is responsible for overseeing and holding senior management accountable 
for our global information security and privacy programs. This includes understanding 
our business needs and associated risks, and reviewing management’s strategy and 
recommendations for managing cybersecurity and privacy risks.
In line with this oversight responsibility, the Audit Committee receives reports on 
cyber program effectiveness periodically, and the Board of Directors receives a full 
presentation at least annually on cybersecurity-related trends and program updates. 
In 2021, we elevated our Chief Information Security Officer role to a vice president-level 
position as a direct report to the Global Chief Information Officer to further focus on 
the strategic intent of the cybersecurity and Privacy programs.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 89

GOVERNANCE  / OUR ESG APPROACHProduct Safety & Quality
Policy Commitment to Ensure Product Safety
Product safety and quality are at the forefront of everything we do; nothing matters 
more to us than maintaining the safety of, and earning and keeping the trust of  
our consumers. 
The first principle of Our Integrity Manual is to keep the consumer at the center 
of everything we do. Our consumers trust us to be in their homes, so we are 
passionate about bringing them products that are safe and high quality. After all, 
we have a strong, multi-decade record of having a proactive approach to premarket 
safety design and testing, monitoring field safety performance and conducting 
timely corrective actions, when necessary, to help protect consumers. These are 
grounded in transparency and set expectations that are above and beyond regulatory 
requirements. Whirlpool Corporation continues to advocate to raise the minimum 
requirements for product safety in home appliances in industry standards. 
Managerial Responsibility for Product Safety
Our governance model is implemented through the Global Product Safety (GPS) 
system, which defines clear roles and responsibilities for all employees, requires pre-
market risk assessments, post-sale monitoring of product safety and defines required 
communication protocols for any risks that are identified. We diligently measure our 
performance through penetrative metrics, a rigorous bottoms-up operating review 
mechanism and independent audits. A network of committed safety experts across 
the business is responsible for executing the product safety program, supported by 
the engineering teams, and governed by the Whirlpool Executive Safety Committee 
(ESC)—composed exclusively of senior leaders in the company. The ESC is accountable 
for: (a) oversight of safety risk identification, management and reporting; (b) resolving significant safety risk management decisions; and (c) determining when the company 
should undertake field corrective actions to address safety issues. Additionally, the 
Board and Audit Committee receives an annual review of the product safety program 
and related quarterly reports.
Finally, our governance model also includes supplemental product safety standards 
designed to exceed industry standards. These standards include requirements for 
electrical shock hazards, fire/explosion hazards, suffocation/choking hazards and 
entrapment hazards, among others, and are required for every new product that 
Whirlpool Corporation sells around the world. Our governance model includes 
rigorous processes and techniques for our engineering teams to help identify and 
assess potential safety issues.
Product Safety Risk Assessments
Whirlpool Corporation has a robust safety risk assessment process which evaluates 
risk over the life cycle of the product. There are three essential phases of the Whirlpool 
Safety System: Identify, Evaluate, and Close. Within our product development process, 
products are examined to systematically identify and evaluate any inherent hazards 
are that are associated with the product throughout the entire life cycle.  All new 
products or design changes to existing products are required to be reviewed for 
potential hazards prior to production release. When a potential hazard has been 
identified, it is evaluated through critical thinking, testing and other fact-based 
analytical methods. The evaluation of a potential hazard characterizes both the 
severity and the likelihood of occurrence of the hazard. All potential hazards are 
required to be closed before the production launch of the product, and closure 
methods are reviewed and approved by stakeholders from multiple independent 
functional organizations to ensure their adequacy.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 90

GOVERNANCE  / PRODUCT SAFETY & QUALITY[CRI Callout Box]: Whirlpool Corporation’s product safety 
process has been recognized as an industry-leading best 
practice, and benchmarked by other companies to improve 
their own programs.
Employee Training on 
Product Safety
Whirlpool Corporation’s product safety 
process has been recognized as an 
industry-leading best practice and has 
been benchmarked by other companies 
to improve their own programs. We have 
a robust safety training and competency 
program for our Engineering 
population—sustained by training 
sessions, hands-on experience and risk 
assessment expertise development. In 
fact, Whirlpool Corporation invites other 
companies to attend our Global Product 
Safety Training sessions. Product Safety 
competency are established early in 
the year for employees and tracked 
throughout the year with metrics that 
have visibility to the senior leaders of 
the company. Even with this strong 
track record, Whirlpool Corporation is 
in constant pursuit of improving our 
products, systems and processes to 
maintain a world-class program. Product Testing to Ensure 
Product Safety
Whirlpool Corporation’s testing program 
includes multiple comprehensive rounds 
of physical and simulated testing. This 
includes testing required by regulatory 
bodies and our own unique testing 
requirements. The testing is intentionally 
designed to encompass expected use, 
foreseeable use and misuse across the 
entire life cycle of the product.Whirlpool Corporation’s Forced 
Failure testing protocols are critical to 
mitigating product safety risk. The goal 
of Forced Failure testing is to induce 
a failure for the purpose of assessing 
the consequence. Conformance to the 
defined acceptance criteria is intended 
to validate design robustness which 
safeguards the consumer. Forced  
Failure testing provides clear evidence 
that our products are designed to meet 
these expectations.Although our own testing practices  
are robust, Whirlpool Corporation’s 
written policy requires third-party safety 
testing and certification before market 
launch of the product, according to 
established national and international 
testing standards.Whirlpool 
Corporation’s product 
safety process has 
been recognized as 
an industry-leading 
best practice and has 
been benchmarked 
by other companies 
to improve their  
own programs.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 91

GOVERNANCE  / PRODUCT SAFETY & QUALITYMonitoring of Product Safety Field Performance
Whirlpool Corporation’s field monitoring system is designed to identify, at an early 
stage, potential safety issues associated with Whirlpool products by investigating 
reported safety allegations and retrieving the units for examination. Whirlpool 
Corporation’s process governing field monitoring and defines activities through which 
the company can collect and document alleged consumer product safety incidents 
and, through evaluation of returned field units, understand and verify the consumer 
reports to compile accurate data with which the company can make fact-based 
decisions regarding potential field safety issues.   Incident Investigation & Corrective Action
Whirlpool Corporation has a robust set of practices and procedures to collect, 
monitor and evaluate the reports of potential safety issues it receives each year, 
relating to a vast number of products distributed over time, through its own 
customer service centers, claims organizations and other sources, such as retail 
partners and regulators. These practices and procedures include a process to 
identify root cause(s) for incidents, as well as corrective and preventive actions  
to eliminate recurrence.
Product Quality
We have embarked on the Premium Quality Multi-year Journey, committed 
to delivering the best consumer experience with every appliance, every time, 
everywhere, which must be a top priority to fulfill our company vision: Be the  
best kitchen and laundry company, in constant pursuit of improving life at home.  
It is not an incremental change, but a Quality Culture Transformation.
Premium Quality provides a superior consumer experience by improving 
performance at all touchpoints throughout the entire life cycle for all Whirlpool 
Corporation products and services. It is an end-to-end accountability of the full 
life cycle of our products and services that engages all organizations and will 
especially rely on the adoption of refreshed quality processes, tools and roles/
responsibilities by Global Product organization (GPO), Global Strategic Sourcing 
(GSS), Manufacturing, Logistics and Customer Service.
Richard Owusu  
Senior Director of 
Operations & Production 
(Cleveland, Tennessee)“Everyone’s job at the end of 
the day has to do with quality. 
If each individual delivers 
quality within their teams, 
then, in the end, the outcome 
will be premium quality.”
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 92

GOVERNANCE  / OUR ESG APPROACH
Responsible Sourcing
At Whirlpool Corporation, we are committed to Winning with Integrity, and we extend this principle 
to not only our employees, but also to those who we do business with. We hold ourselves to high 
standards, and we expect our suppliers and third parties acting on behalf of Whirlpool Corporation 
to do business the right way as well. 
Within our Responsible Sourcing program, one of the pillars is focused on driving a strong compliance program to help protect 
Whirlpool Corporation from any ethical compliance risks:Advancing Our 
Responsible 
Sourcing Program
 
Our Responsible Sourcing programs 
help us look at what we purchase 
beyond the more traditional aspects 
of cost, quality and delivery. This 
means we consider ethics, labor 
rights and social and environmental 
issues when sourcing products 
and services across all purchasing 
categories and regions. Our goal 
is to minimize negative impacts 
and make a positive contribution 
to the businesses, people and 
communities we support through 
ethical purchasing practices.
This program is managed by a team 
of global procurement professionals 
working in collaboration with our 
ESG Task Force, legal, ethics and 
compliance, sustainability, global 
product organization and inclusion 
and diversity teams.SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT 
Mitigate risks to Whirlpool Corporation through robust regular monitoring, governance and audits of our supply 
base to help ensure compliance with our Supplier Code of Conduct which formalizes the key principles under 
which our suppliers are required to operate.
THIRD-PARTY DUE DILIGENCE (TPDD) 
Lower the risk exposure of working with high-risk third parties by running independent background checks to help 
ensure the suppliers we do business with are reputable.
CONFLICT MINERALS 
Ensuring Whirlpool Corporation’s compliance with the Dodd-Frank Act and SEC requirements. Annual campaign to 
identify and report smelters and refiners in our supply chain sourcing 3TG minerals (tantalum, tin, tungsten, gold) 
from conflict zones in Africa. This is an annual campaign per SEC requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act.GOVERNANCE: ETHICAL COMPLIANCE PROGRAM
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 93

GOVERNANCE  / RESPONSIBLE SOURCINGChild Labor
Forced Labor
Wages and Benefits
Hours of Work
Women’s Rights
Freedom of 
Association  
and Collective 
BargainingTenets of Our Supplier Code of Conduct
Subcontracting
Nondiscrimination
Health and Safety
Environment
Integrity and 
Transparency
Monitoring and 
ComplianceSupplier Code of Conduct:
What is it and what does it include?
In selecting suppliers, Whirlpool 
Corporation seeks to do business with 
reputable business partners who are 
committed to ethical standards and 
business practices compatible with those 
of Whirlpool Corporation. Our Supplier 
Code of Conduct  (the “Code” or “SCoC”) 
formalizes the key principles under 
which suppliers to Whirlpool Corporation 
and its global subsidiaries (“Whirlpool”) 
are required to operate.
This SCoC applies to all suppliers of 
Whirlpool including all the Whirlpool 
suppliers’ facilities.
Whirlpool strongly encourages suppliers 
to exceed the requirements of this  
SCoC and promote best practices and 
continuous improvement throughout suppliers to conduct SCoC audits based 
on the following criteria established  
in 2021:
 -  Critical suppliers: All supplier 
factories that operate in a country 
with Corruption Perception Index1 
(CPI) score of less than 45 and 
an annual spend of greater than 
US$100,000, supplying to any of 
Whirlpool Corporation’s facilities,  
if unaudited previously.
 -  We also reserve the right to conduct 
audits on any existing supplier, 
irrespective of whether or not  
they meet the critical supplier 
criteria in case of any perceived  
or observed risks.
• All new suppliers must go through an 
on-site audit by our third-party auditor We increased our 
spend covered for risk 
management through the 
Supplier Code of Conduct 
program by  
4xtheir operations. We also expect suppliers 
to ensure that their suppliers, service 
providers and extended networks have 
ethical and business practices that are 
similar to Whirlpool’s practices.
One tenet of our SCoC is that Whirlpool 
suppliers must not use any type 
of involuntary or forced labor; this 
prohibits, among other things, slave 
labor or business practices which in 
any way rely on, or encourage, human 
trafficking. Other areas covered are 
related to business ethics, labor 
management, health and safety,  
environmental practices, governance 
and compliance.
Where there is no local legal requirement, 
or if a local legal requirement is not as 
strict as the requirement included in our 
SCoC, Whirlpool suppliers are required 
to follow the requirements outlined in 
our SCoC policy.
Our Criteria
We use a risk-based criteria to identify 
suppliers in scope for audits to ensure 
compliance with our SCoC policy.
• Existing Suppliers:  We classify our 
existing direct material and finished 
product sourcing suppliers as critical prior to being selected for conducting 
business with Whirlpool Corporation. 
Our Approach
Audits & Corrective Action Plan
We have retained a third party to conduct,  
evaluate and remediate all our audits.
The main audit types conducted are:
• Onsite Audits: Our preferred method 
of audits is onsite audits, which 
accounts for the majority of our audits.
• Equivalent Audits: Equivalent audits 
are accepted if conducted in the 
last two years with any of these 
organizations: RBA, Amfori BSCI, 
SMETA (4 Pillar), ICTI, and Intertek 
WCA. For an equivalent audit to be 
accepted, the report must be validated 
by our third-party auditor, before it is accepted by Whirlpool Corporation.
• Remote Audits:  Only accepted due 
to site restrictions, travel hazards or 
other mitigating circumstances.
All suppliers who undergo audits work 
with our third-party auditors to create 
and align on a Corrective Action Plan 
(CAP). Suppliers must provide evidence 
of resolving the CAP. Our auditors are 
also assigned to follow up on all audits 
that were completed to verify that the 
findings were closed to ensure continuous 
improvement in our processes. We had 
33 remedial re-audits in 2021, out of which 
21 suppliers have approved CAPs and 
are working on closing the action items; 
others are working on CAP approvals.
Mitigation Actions
We conduct annual training for suppliers 
in scope to ensure clear understanding 
of our SCoC and audit actions to ensure 
compliance.
In 2021, we also conducted global 
training for all our procurement 
employees to ensure they were aware 
of the expectations and requirements 
of the SCoC and work proactively 
with suppliers to ensure any risks are 
identified and mitigated proactively, 
where possible.
1  Per Transparency International at transparency.org
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 94

GOVERNANCE  / RESPONSIBLE SOURCINGguidelines; or (b) the age for completing mandatory (compulsorily) education; or (c) the 
minimum age established by law in the country of manufacture. 
In addition, suppliers must comply with all legal requirements for the work of authorized 
young workers, particularly those pertaining to hours of work, wages, safety, working 
conditions and the handling of certain materials. In addition, suppliers must 
ensure that on a regularly scheduled basis, except in extraordinary business 
circumstances, workers are not required to work more than (a) 60 hours a week, 
including overtime, or (b) the limits on regular and overtime hours allowed by the 
laws of the country of manufacture. In addition, except in extraordinary business 
circumstances, all workers are entitled to at least one day off in every seven-day period. 
Pursuant to our SCoC, our suppliers must meet these requirements and be compliant 
with the law, codes and policies. Whirlpool also utilizes a cross-functional team 
led by Global Strategic Sourcing (procurement) and consisting of Legal, Ethics and 
Compliance, and Government Affairs to help identify, review, analyze and respond 
to any issues of forced or compulsory labor, including, but not limited to, monitoring 
multiple public websites, periodicals and reports that may identify forced labor 
violations or issues. Additionally, Whirlpool utilizes a Global Third-party Due Diligence 
Program that identifies forced or compulsory labor violations, claims or past conduct 
against new and current suppliers. Based on due diligence findings, Whirlpool can 
respond appropriately to forced or compulsory labor issues and risks. Material failures 
to comply with our SCoC may result in the termination of our relationship with a 
supplier. In order to ensure our suppliers are meeting our standard of integrity, we 
will continue to conduct independent audits of a representative sampling of our 
suppliers’ practices.
In 2021, as a result of our SCoC audits, eight minor incidents of labor risk were identified. 
Four of these suppliers have corrected the findings by updating procedures and one 
new supplier was not awarded business. At the time of publishing the report, three of 
the eight have been put on new business hold until the findings are remediated.Environmental Assessments 
Our environmental assessment, which is part of our SCoC audits, requires suppliers to 
follow all local environmental laws applicable to the workplace, the products produced 
and the methods of manufacture. Additionally, we encourage the use of processes and 
materials that support sustainability of the environment.
In 2021, in addition to our SCoC audits, we launched our Global Material Compliance 
System (also known as Global Critical Materials Management system) in all regions 
for various programs to collect, record and monitor the use of restricted materials 
from suppliers that may be harmful to the environment. The system has already 
been in use in our Europe, Middle East and Africa region since 2019 and replaced the 
manual collection of restricted materials in other regions this year. See our section on 
Technology & Innovation Inclusive of Design for Environment for additional details on 
this topic.
Third-Party Due Diligence Program
While we previously had third-party due diligence checks in place, in 2021 we launched 
an online centralized system “319 Anti-Corruption Screening Process” (the 319 TPDD 
Process) to continue driving global anti-corruption due diligence. The 319 TPDD 
Process is facilitated by Refinitiv Services—World Check program and review and 
analysis by Whirlpool Corporation’s global 319 TPDD compliance team. 
The program aims at lowering the risk exposure of working with high-risk third parties 
by running independent background checks to ensure the suppliers we do business 
with are reputable.
The main information collected from third parties to conduct the screening includes 
their legal entity demographic information, primary contact and owner information, 
their interaction level details with the government in countries where they operate  
and ownership structure.In 2020, we launched 
our Global Material 
Compliance System 
in all regions to 
replace manual 
collection, recording, 
and monitoring the 
use of restricted and 
environmentally 
harmful materials  
from suppliers.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 95

GOVERNANCE  / RESPONSIBLE SOURCINGOur Criteria & Approach For Suppliers
• All new suppliers must be screened through the “319 Anti-Corruption Tool” and 
approved through this due diligence process before inviting them to submit 
requests for quotations and/or awarding business requests for quotations.
• All existing suppliers are also evaluated through this program through mass 
screening with the tool.
Decision Making
Any supplier who fails the background check is either not awarded business  
(new supplier) during a sourcing event or put on notice for new business hold  
until clarification is received on actions taken to resolve the identified issues  
(existing supplier).
Suppliers who pass the Third Party Due Diligence are then screened through our 
Cybersecurity/Privacy Due-Diligence process managed by our Corporate Information 
Security Office, and must pass before awarding business.
Conflict Minerals Program
Whirlpool Corporation has developed a conflict mineral due diligence framework  
that conforms with the internationally recognized due diligence framework  
developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). 
Per U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) guidelines, in May 2021 we filed 
the Whirlpool Corporation Conflict Minerals Report for the year ended 2020, which 
included reporting requirements on issuers if their products contain metals derived 
from minerals defined as “conflict minerals,” which currently include cassiterite (the 
metal ore from which tin is extracted), columbite-tantalite (the metal ore from which 
tantalum is extracted), wolframite (the metal ore used to produce tungsten) and gold. 
These minerals—tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold—are referred to collectively as  
“3TG” or “3TG minerals”.Our Criteria & Approach
For calendar year 2020, we identified 782 suppliers from across the globe which  
used smelters and refiners in producing parts and components sold to  
Whirlpool Corporation.
These suppliers are in commodity groups that are known to have metal components 
in their parts, thereby higher chances of using smelters and refiners in their process.
61% (478 of 782) of our in-scope suppliers surveyed responded with Conflict Minerals 
Reporting Template (CMRT) declarations. The majority of our responding in-scope 
suppliers provided data at a company or divisional level, or otherwise were unable  
to fully identify specific entities that had processed the 3TG minerals contained in the 
products or components supplied to us. As a result, we were unable to definitively 
determine whether our products contain 3TG minerals that may have directly or 
indirectly financed or benefited armed groups. 
Since we are unable to verify the full source and chain of custody for all of the 3TG in 
our supply chain, we have elected not to present the smelter and refiner names 
provided by our supply chain in our conflict minerals 2020 report to the SEC. Of the 
smelters or refiners reported by our supply chain, 77% were classified as not from 
conflict affected or covered countries, and had statuses of “compliant” or “active” by the 
Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP) guidelines. The remaining smelters or 
refiners had other RMAP classifications.
Measures to Improve Due Diligence and Mitigate Risk 
We continue to improve our program with the actions outlined below:
• We invested in conflict minerals diligence tools by launching our conflict minerals 
survey through our Global Material Compliance Platform in 2020, enabling us to 
centralize our material compliance declarations into one database. 
• We increased the response rate of our in-scope suppliers by 8% in 2020 through 
improved escalation and follow-up procedures.  
• We developed further organizational and supplier awareness by conducting four 
compliance training (inclusive of conflict minerals training) with all our procurement 
employees, and sharing details of our conflict minerals compliance program in a 
global call with our entire supply base.Whirlpool Corporation 
has developed a 
conflict mineral due 
diligence framework  
that conforms with 
the internationally 
recognized due 
diligence framework  
developed by the 
Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation 
and Development 
(OECD).
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 96

GOVERNANCE  / RESPONSIBLE SOURCINGWe continue to undertake the following actions to improve due diligence and further 
mitigate the risk that 3TG minerals in our products benefit armed groups: 
• Enhance escalation and follow-up procedures to increase the response rate of our 
suppliers to the CMRT, and to enhance due diligence measures to obtain detailed 
information from suppliers that responded that they may be sourcing 3TG minerals 
from the covered countries.
• Participate in our Raw Materials Initiative (RMI) with other industry groups to 
support an increase in the number of smelters and refiners participating in the 
RMAP and other solutions aimed at improving supply chain transparency.
• Make additional investments in conflict minerals due diligence tools.
• Monitor leading practices of peer companies to enhance our own conflict  
minerals program.
• Follow processes to identify newly added direct suppliers to Whirlpool Corporation 
and acquired entities and incorporate them into our Reasonable Country of Original 
Inquiry (RCOI) efforts.
• Develop further awareness within the organization and supply base regarding 
conflict minerals compliance through outreach and training.
• Institutionalize our conflict minerals compliance program by improving our standard 
operating procedures, rolling out the procedure to identified business units, and 
identifying and prioritizing improvement opportunities.
• In the event that any of our suppliers are found to be providing us with components 
or materials containing 3TG from sources that support conflict in the covered 
countries, work with them to establish alternative sources of 3TG. 
Mitigating Supply Risks During COVID-19
We have all witnessed how disasters of varying degrees (pandemic, weather, etc.) can 
impact our day-to-day business operations. These issues have challenged us to look 
beyond traditional risk management and adopt a more agile, holistic approach to 
business continuity. 
In 2021, we launched a Disaster Risk Management survey for all our Direct and 
Finished Product Sourcing suppliers to better understand business continuity risks in 
their operations and their supply bases.The survey covered the following risk assessments: Environmental, Socio-economic, 
Operational, Financial and Compliance risks.
We stated our expectations that our suppliers be prepared with a solid disaster 
recovery plan in the event we face further challenges.
Responsible Sourcing Program: Continuous Improvement Actions
We strive to continuously strengthen and enhance our compliance programs to ensure 
we mitigate risk, minimize negative impacts and make a positive contribution to the 
businesses, people and communities we support through ethical purchasing practices. 
While we expect our Tier 1 suppliers to extend our SCoC to their entire supply chain, 
the audit program is only extended to our Tier 1 suppliers, and we look forward to 
expanding it for Tier 2 suppliers with directed spend in the near future.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 97

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHGOVERNANCE  / OUR ESG APPROACH OUR APPROACH  / OUR ESG APPROACH
APPENDIX
 99  Awards & Recognition
100  Partnerships
101  External Limited Assurance
110  GRI Index
120  SASB
121  TCFD
127  Forward-Looking Statements
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 98 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 98

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACH
Awards & Recognition 
World’s Most  
Admired Companies
FORTUNE  magazine,  
eleventh consecutive year
World’s Best Employers
Forbes  magazine
World’s Best Employers  
for new Grads
Forbes magazine
Dow Jones  
Sustainability Index,  
North America
Global corporate  
sustainability index
Corporate Equality Index
Perfect score of 100 from  
the Human Rights Campaign 
Eighteenth consecutive year
Top Employer Europe
Top Employer Institute ,  
in six countries
Fourth consecutive year 
Gold Sustainability Rating
Ecovadis
Whirlpool EMEA EPA SmartWay®  
Excellence Award
U.S. Environmental  
Protection Agency
Seventh year
America’s Most Just
Companies List
#1 in Household Goods
& Apparel Category,
JUST Capital
America’s Most  
Responsible Companies
Newsweek
Disability Equality Index
100% Score
50 Best Companies to Sell For
Selling Power magazine, Top 5
Red Dot Design Award
Whirlpool, KitchenAid,  
Bauknecht  brands
IF Design, 2021
KitchenAid , Bauknecht  brands
Innovation By Design
Fast Company, Whirlpool  brand
#1 in ‘Best of 2021 Lists
U.S. News & World Report,  
Maytag brand refrigeratorBest Products of 2021
U.S. News & World Report,  
Whirlpool brand 
Twice VIP
Whirlpool  brand 
Best Dryer of 2021
USA TODAY Network,  
Maytag  brand 
Most Innovative  
Washing Machine
Cleaning Awards, Good Housekeeping,  
Whirlpool  brand 
Best Places to Work  
in Manufacturing
Whirlpool of India, Ltd.
Great Place to Work® Institute
Security and Environment 
Promotion
Ecological Environment  
Bureau of Shenzhen
Harmonious Labor Promotion
Human Resources and Social  
Security Bureau of Shenzhen
Excellent Tax Payment
Emergency Management  
Bureau of Shenzhen
2021 Best of What’s New Award
Popular Science 
"Best in ESG"
EXAME. ESG  Brazil
Industry Sector
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 99

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHPartnershipsPartner About the Organization Page No.
ENVIRONMENTAL
Boys & Girls Clubs of America Boys & Girls Clubs of America enables young people most in need to achieve great futures as productive, caring, 
responsible citizens.67
Department of Energy Better  
Plants ProgramThe U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE) Better Plants Program is working with leading manufacturers to boost their 
competitiveness through improvements in energy efficiency.27
EPA Smartway SmartWay is an EPA program that helps the freight transportation sector improve supply chain efficiency. 16
Feeding America Feeding America is a U.S.-based nonprofit organization and through its network is the nation's largest domestic  
hunger-relief organization, working to connect people with food and end hunger.35
Green Pea Italy Green Pea Italy is the the world's first retail park committed to the cause of sustainability. 32
Habitat for Humanity Habitat for Humanity is a global nonprofit housing organization working in local communities across all 50 states in the 
U.S. and in approximately 70 countries.64
Instituto Consulado da Mulher Consulado da Mulher improves and empowers the lives of socially vulnerable women in Brazil. 69
OneTen OneTen is a coalition of leading executives who are coming together to upskill, hire and advance 1 million Black 
Americans over the next 10 years into family-sustaining jobs with opportunities for advancement.59
Purdue University Purdue University is a public institution in the U.S. that was founded in 1869. Purdue and Whirlpool have a history of 
collaboration, including the ReNEWW House project.28
United Way United Way advances the common good by creating opportunities for all. Its focus is on education, income and health—
the building blocks for a good quality of life and a strong community.66
World Business Council for  
Sustainable Development (WBCSD)WBCSD is a global, CEO-led organization of over 200 leading businesses working together to accelerate the transition  
to a sustainable world.34
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 100

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHExternal 
Limited  
AssuranceTo the Board of Directors and Management of Whirlpool Corporation: 
We have reviewed Whirlpool Corporation’s (“Whirlpool”) accompanying schedules  
of selected environmental, diversity and equal opportunity, occupational health and 
safety, product safety and product lifecycle indicators (the “Subject Matter”) included  
in Appendix A  for the reporting periods indicated in Appendix A , based on the criteria 
also set forth in Appendix A  (the “Criteria”). Whirlpool’s management is responsible for 
the Subject Matter, based on the Criteria. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion 
on the Subject Matter based on our review.
Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) AT-C section 105, Concepts 
Common to All Attestation Engagements , and AT-C section 210, Review Engagements . 
Those standards require that we plan and perform our review to obtain limited 
assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to the Subject 
Matter in order for it to be in accordance with the Criteria. A review consists principally 
of applying analytical procedures, making inquiries of persons responsible for the 
subject matter, obtaining an understanding of the data management systems and 
processes used to generate, aggregate and report the Subject Matter and performing 
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. A review is 
substantially less in scope than an examination, the objective of which is to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the Subject Matter is in accordance with the 
Criteria, in all material respects, in order to express an opinion. Accordingly, we do not 
express such an opinion. A review also does not provide assurance that we became 
aware of all significant matters that would be disclosed in an examination. We believe 
that our review provides a reasonable basis for our conclusion.  
In performing our review, we have also complied with the independence and other 
ethical requirements set forth in the Code of Professional Conduct and applied the 
Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA.As described in Appendix A  the Subject Matter is subject to measurement uncertainties 
resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining 
such data. The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques can 
result in materially different measurements. The precision of different measurement 
techniques may also vary. Furthermore, Scope 3 Category 11 emissions are calculated 
based on a significant number of estimations and management assumptions due to 
the inherent nature of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) 
Accounting and Reporting Standard criteria.
The information included in Whirlpool’s 2021 Sustainability Report, other than the 
Subject Matter as described in Appendix A, has not been subjected to the procedures 
applied in our review and, accordingly, we express no conclusion on it.
Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be 
made to the schedules noted in the table above and included in Appendix A  for the 
reporting periods as indicated in the table above in order for it to be in accordance 
with the Criteria. 
  1  
 
Independent Accountants’ Review Report 
 
To the Board of Directors and Management of Whirlpool Corporation : 
 
We have reviewed the Whirlpool Corporation (“Whirlpool”) Schedule of Select Sustainability Metrics  (the 
“Subject Matter”) included in Exhibit  A for the year ended December 31, 2020  in accordance with the 
criteria set forth in Exhibit  A (the “Criteria”). Whirlpool’s management is responsible for the Subject 
Matter included in Exhibit  A in accordance with the Criteria. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion 
on the Subject Matter based on our review.  
 
Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standa rds established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants  (AICPA)  AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation 
Engagements, and AT-C section 210 , Review Engagements . Those standards require that we plan and 
perform our review to obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made 
to the Subject Matter in order for it to be in accordance with the Crite ria. A review consists principally of 
applying analytical procedures, making inquiries of persons responsible for the Subject Matter, obtaining 
an understanding of the data management systems and processes used to generate, aggregate and report 
the Subject Matter and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the 
circumstances . A review is substantially less in scope than an examination, the objective of which is to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether  the Subject Matter  is in accordance with  the Criteria, in all 
material respects, in order to express an opinion. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. A review 
also does not provide assurance that we became aware of all significant matters that would be disclosed 
in an  examination.  We believe that our review provides a reasonable basis for our conclusion.   
 
In performing our review, we have also complied with the independence and other ethical requirements 
set forth in the Code of Professional Conduct  and applied the Statements on Quality Control Standards 
established  by the AICPA.  
 
As described in Exhibit  A, the Subject Matter is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from 
limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data. The selection of 
different but acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially d ifferent measurements. The 
precision of different measurement techniques may also vary . 
 
Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the Schedule 
of Select Sustainability Metrics  for the year ended December 31 , 2020 , in order for it to be in accordance 
with  the Criteria . 
 
 
 
 
Chicago, Illinois  
March 4, 2021   
Chicago, Illinois
March 3, 2022Independent Accountants’ Review Report
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 101 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 101

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHExternal 
Limited  
AssuranceAppendix A: Subject Matter Schedules
Schedule of Select Environmental Metrics for the year ended December 31, 2021
Metrics Value Unit Reported Criteria
Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas  
(GHG) Emissions1, 2, 3172,392 Metric tonnes carbon dioxide 
equivalent (“mtCO2e”)World Resources Institute (“WRI”) / World Business Council for Sustainable Development’s (“WBCSD”) The 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (GHG Protocol)
Scope 2 GHG Emissions  
(Location-based method)1, 3, 4438,325 mtCO2e WRI WBCSD GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance
Scope 2 GHG Emissions  
(Market-based method)1, 3, 4424,945 mtCO2e WRI WBCSD GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance
Scope 3 GHG Emissions, Category 11  
Use of Sold Products5, 6  62.2 Millions mtCO2e WRI WBCSD GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard
Total Energy Consumption17,467,571 Gigajoules Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Disclosure 302-1e: Total energy consumption within the organization, in 
joules or multiples
Energy Intensity70.14 Gigajoules / product GRI 302-3a: Energy intensity ratio for the organization
% of total energy sourced from  
renewable sources1.70% % GRI 302-1b: Total fuel consumption within the organization from renewable sources, in joules of multiples, 
and including fuel types used. 
Schedule of Scope 3 Category 11 GHG Emissions8 for the year ended December 31, 2016
Metrics Value Unit Reported Criteria
Scope 3 GHG Emissions, Cat-egory 11 
Use of Sold Products6, 972.3 Millions mtCO2e WRI WBCSD GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard
1   The reporting boundary of the Subject Matter within the Schedule includes globa l manufacturing facilities and distribution centers with total area equal to or greater than 500,000 square feet under the operational control of Whirlpool. 
The reporting boundary includes divested entities for the period in which they were operated by Whirlpool during the year.
2  Scope 1 emissions capture emissions from gasoline, diesel, propane, liquified pet roleum gas and natural gas at the facilities within the reporting boundary. Whirlpool references the following emission factors in the Scope 1 emissions 
calculation: 2020 Brazilian Greenhouse Gas Protocol and 2019 US Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories.
3  For distribution centers where actual data cannot be obtained, Whirlpool calculates an internal intensity factor based on actual natural gas consumption data from other reporting distribution centers and extrapolates based on  
square footage.
4  Scope 2 emissions capture electricity and steam energy consumption at the facili ties within the reporting boundary. Whirlpool references the following emission factors in the Scope 2 emissions calculation: 2020 Brazilian Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol, 2019 US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2021 US EPA Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database (“eGRID”) emission factors and 2021 release of the International Energy Agency (“IEA”) 
Emission Factors referencing the 2019 factors.
 5 Scope 3 Category 11 emissions reporting boundary includes air treatment, cookin g, dishwashers, laundry and refrigeration product categories (defined as “large appliances”) shipped during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 
excludes small domestic appliances, accessories or filters. The reporting boundary includes shipments from divested entities for the period in which they were owned by Whirlpool during the year. Whirlpool references the following 
emission factors in the Scope 3 emissions calculation: 2018 US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories and 2020 2021 release of the IEA Emission Factors referencing the most recent factor available for each country.
6  Use of Sold Product emissions are calculated using the assumption that the useful life of large appliances is 10 years.
7  Energy intensity is calculated as the Total Energy Consumption (GJ) divided by the  number of units of large appliances produced during the 12 months ended December 31, 2021.
8  2016 is the base year for Whirlpool’s Scope 3 Category 11 emissions reduction go al
9  Scope 3 Category 11 emissions reporting boundary includes large appliances shipped during the year ended December 31, 2016 and excludes small domestic appliances, accessories or filters. Whirlpool references the following emission 
factors in the Scope 3 emissions calculation: 2018 US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories and 2020 release of the IEA Emission Factors referencing the most recent factor available for each country.
Note:  The Subject Matter is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques can 
result in materially different measurements. The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 102 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 102

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHExternal 
Limited  
AssuranceSchedules of Select Diversity & Equal Opportunity Metrics for the year ended December 31, 2021
Metrics10, 11Value12Unit13Criteria
Global females by level: Executive committee 31 %
2016 GRI 405-1a:  
Percentage of individuals within the organization’s governance bodies in each of the following  
diversity categories:
i. Gender;
ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old;
iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as minority or vulnerable groups).Global employees by Age: Executive committee
< 30 0
% 30 - 50 46
> 50 54
Underrepresented Minorities (“URM”) by level: 
Executive Committee (U.S. only)1410 %
URM by level (U.S. only)14
Director and above 26
%
2016 GRI 405-1b: Percentage of employees per employee category in each of the following  
diversity categories:
i. Gender;
ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old;
iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as minority or vulnerable groups).Senior manager and manager 24
White collar below manager 23
Blue collar 25
URM (U.S. only)1424 %
Black representation (U.S. only)14
Director and above 7
%Senior manager and manager 3
White collar below manager 11
Blue collar 11
Global female representation
Director and above 29
%Senior manager and manager 33
White collar below manager 43
Blue collar 39
Global employees by level
Director and above 1
%Senior manager and manager 6
White collar below manager 21
Blue collar 73
Global employees by age
< 30 27
%Percentage of global employees in each of the following age categories: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 
50 years old 30 - 50 53
> 50 20
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 103 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 103

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHExternal 
Limited  
AssuranceMetrics10, 11Value12Unit13Criteria
Global employees by gender
Male 41,525 Count of 
employees
2021 GRI 2-7: 
(a) The total number of employees, and a breakdown of this total by gender and by region; 
(b) report the total number of:
i. permanent employees, and a breakdown by gender and by region;
ii. temporary employees, and a breakdown by gender and by region;
iv. full-time employees, and a breakdown by gender and by region; 
v. part-time employees, and a breakdown by gender and by regionFemale 27,272
Global employees by region
North America 21,047
Count of 
employeesEMEA 17,394
Latin America 26,611
Asia 3,745
Global employees by gender and contract type
Temporary
Male 927
Count of 
employeesFemale 591
Total 1,518
Permanent
Male 40,598
Count of 
employeesFemale 26,681
Total 67,279
Global employees by region and contract type
Temporary
North America 9
Count of 
employeesEMEA 1,248
Latin America 219
Asia 42
Permanent
North America 21,038
Count of 
employeesEMEA 16,146
Latin America 26,392
Asia 3,703
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 104 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 104

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHExternal 
Limited  
AssuranceMetrics10, 11Value12Unit13Criteria
Global employees by gender and employment type
2021 GRI 2-7: 
(a) The total number of employees, and a breakdown of this total by gender and by region; 
(b) report the total number of:
i. permanent employees, and a breakdown by gender and by region;
ii. temporary employees, and a breakdown by gender and by region;
iv. full-time employees, and a breakdown by gender and by region; 
v. part-time employees, and a breakdown by gender and by regionFull-time
Male 41,103
Count of 
employeesFemale 26,574
Total 67,677
Part-time
Male 422
Count of 
employeesFemale 698
Total 1,120
Global employees by region and employment type
Full-time
North America 20,922
Count of 
employeesEMEA 16,964
Latin America 26,052
Asia 3,739
Part-time
North America 125
Count of 
employeesEMEA 430
Latin America 559
Asia 6
Total Global Turnover Rate1529% of 
employeesGRI 401-1:
(a) Total number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region.
(b) Total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region. Total Global Hire Rate1531
10  Employees include both full-time and part-time employees. Headcount from those employees who were part of the divested operations are not included in the reported metrics. Note that divested headcount is not considered a 
termination and acquired headcount is not considered a new hire. 
11  Employee gender and ethnicity are based upon employee self-identification.
12  Metrics are reported using employee data as of 12/31/2021.
13  Metrics expressed as percentages are rounded to the nearest whole number; therefore numbers may not reconcile due to rounding.
14  URM includes employees who self-identify as Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, Asian, American Indian/Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Island, Two or More Races, or Other. Employees who choose  
not to disclose their ethnicity or who do not provide a response regarding their ethnicity are excluded from the scope of this metric; % URM is calculated as: Number of URMs divided by the number of U.S. employees who  
disclose their ethnicity.
15  Hire and termination rates are calculated as: New hires or terminations divided by average headcount for the reporting period.
Note:  Non-financial diversity and equality information is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable 
measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements. The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 105 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 105

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHExternal 
Limited  
AssuranceMetrics8, 9, 10Employee Count Rate as %11Criteria
Global new hires and hire rate by region16 
GRI 401-1:
(a)  Total number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period, by age group, gender  
and region.
(b)  Total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by age group, gender  
and region.North America 7,600 36
EMEA 1,984 11
Latin America 11,086 43
Asia 705 20
Global new hires and hire rate by age16
> 50 1,193 9
30 - 50 7,408 21
< 30 12,774 71
Global new hires and hire rate by gender16
Male 11,453 28
Female 9,922 38
Global employee turnover and turnover rate by region17
North America 7,565 36
EMEA 2,283 13
Latin America 9,212 36
Asia 629 18
Global employee turnover and turnover rate by age17
> 50 2,243 16
30 - 50 7,543 21
< 30 9,903 55
Global employee turnover and turnover rate by gender17
Male 11,456 28
Female 8,233 31
16 Hire rates are calculated as: New hires by age group, gender or region divided by average headcount for the reporting period.
17 Termination rates are calculated as: Terminations by age group, gender or region divided by average headcount for the reporting period
Note:  Non-financial diversity and equality information is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable 
measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements. The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 106 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 106

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHExternal 
Limited  
AssuranceSchedule of Select Occupational Health and Safety Metrics for the year ended December 31, 2021 
Metrics18, 19Value Reporting Unit and Criteria
Recordable injury and illness cases 480 The number of recordable work-related injuries and illnesses.
A work-related injury or illness that results in any of the following: death, days away from work, restricted work or transfer 
to another job, medical treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness; or significant injury or ill health diagnosed by a 
physician or other licensed healthcare professional, even if it does not result in death, days away from work, restricted work 
or job transfer, medical treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness.
Recordable injury and illness rate200.72 The number of recordable work-related injuries and illness cases multiplied by 200,000 (100 full time equivalent employees 
working 40 hours per week for 50 weeks) then divided by the number of hours worked for the reporting period.
Total Hours Worked20133,773,414 The number of hours worked in the reporting period.
Fatalities—Employees and non-employees overseen 
on a day-to-day basis by a Whirlpool employee200 The number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury or work-related illness.
Days Away from Work (DAFW) Rate200.28 The number of DAFW cases multiplied by 200,000 (100 full time equivalent employees/workers working 40 hours per week 
for 50 weeks) then divided by the number of hours worked for the reporting period. 
A DAFW case is a self-reported work-related injury or illness, including fatality that results in one or more Lost Days. A Lost 
Day occurs when, in the opinion of the medical professional of record, the employee’s work-related injury or illness 
prevents the person from being able to work. The first counted Lost Day is the first day following the injury, regardless of 
whether it was a scheduled workday, and ends when the person is able, in the opinion of the medical professional of 
record, to return to work, leaves employment, or reaches 180 Lost Days.
Serious Incidents208 The number of incidents that result in the following:
(1) Fatalities, if work-related
(2)  Amputation: The traumatic loss of all or part of a limb or other external body part.  
(3)  Debilitating loss: An incident which results in permanent (partial or full) loss of use of any arm, leg, hand, foot, eyesight, 
permanent hearing loss, or other disease to the human body.
(4)  Loss of consciousness: An incident which results in the worker becoming unconscious, regardless of the length of time 
the employee remains unconscious. Note: If the loss of consciousness, as determined by a licensed healthcare 
professional, is from a Vasovagal response triggered by the sight of blood, it is excluded from being a Serious Incident. 
(5) Hospital admittance: Hospital Admittance for treatment (other than for observation or diagnosis) and/or 
(6)  Serious environmental emergency: Fire, explosion, spill, release (to air, water or soil) or other catastrophic  
enforcement action
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 107 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 107

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHExternal 
Limited  
AssuranceMetrics18, 19Value Reporting Unit and Criteria
Serious Incident Rate200.01 The number of serious incident cases multiplied by 200,000 (100 full time equivalent employees working 40 hours per week 
for 50 weeks) then divided by the number of hours worked for the reporting period.
Fatalities—Contractors210 The number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury or work-related ill health.
18  The reporting boundary of the occupational health and safety metrics includes all Whirlpool global manufacturing facilities, and non-industrial sites with total area equal to or greater than 100,000 square feet where Whirlpool employees 
and/or non-employees overseen on a day-to-day basis by a Whirlpool employee. These metrics exclude data for an estimated 4% of Whirlpool’s workforce for certain non-industrial sites in US, Mexico, & Europe. The reporting boundary 
includes divested entities for the period in which they were operated by Whirlpool during the year.
19  Whirlpool’s OHS metrics were determined as of January 28th, 2022, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Note, as more case details arise, incident classifications are subject to change.
20 This metric includes the relevant data for Whirlpool employees and non-employees (i.e. temporary workers, contractors) overseen on a day-to-day basis by a Whirlpool employee.
21 This metric includes the relevant data for non-employees not overseen on a day-to-day basis by a Whirlpool employee.
Note: Non-financial health and safety metrics are subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data. The number of recordable injury and illness cases, 
serious incidents and lost time incidents are based upon employees self-reporting work-related injury and illnesses to Whirlpool, which may be affected by culture, societal norms and/or regulations. To the extent that a recordable injury or 
illness case, serious incident and/or lost time incident is not self-reported, it would not be included in the health and safety metrics.
Schedule of Select Product Safety Metrics for the year ended December 31, 2021 
Metrics22Value Unit Reported Criteria
Number of23
SASB CG-AM-250a.1 1. recalls issued 0 Number of recalls issued
2. total units recalled 0 Total number of units recalled
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with  
product safety24, 25 4.5 Millions $ (USD) SASB CG-AM-250a.3 (1)
22  The reporting boundary for these metrics is for all products manufactured and distributed by Whirlpool. Products manufactured and distributed by licensees of Whirlpool Corporation are excluded from the reporting boundary of  
this metric.
23  Recalls and recall expansions are included in the scope of this metric.
24 In accordance with the SASB criteria, monetary losses include indemnities paid in settlement or following a judgment due to bodily injury or property damage that could lead to bodily injury (fire or explosion). 
25  Monetary losses are included in the reported metric when cash is paid out and is shown as net of insurance reimbursements in excess of Whirlpool’s self-insured limit. The reported metric includes indemnities paid in the 12 months 
ended 12/31/2021 that relate to cases with incident dates between 2011 and 2021. Monetary losses from divested operations are not included.
Note:  The Subject Matter is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques  
can result in materially different measurements. The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 108 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 108

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHExternal 
Limited  
AssuranceSchedule of Select Product Life Cycle Environmental Impacts Metrics for the year ended December 31, 2021
Metrics Value Unit Reported Criteria
Percentage of eligible products by revenue certified to the ENERGY STAR Program26, 2740.4% % SASB CG-AM-410a.1 (1)
26  Eligible products are identified as products sold by Whirlpool within the categories of appliances eligible for United States ENERGY STAR certification which included: Air Purifiers (Cleaners), Clothes Dryers, Clothes Washers, 
Commercial Clothes Washers, Dehumidifiers, Dishwashers, Freezers, and Refrigerators. Revenues from eligible products excludes products sold or intended for sale outside the United States, licensed products not manufactured 
nor sold by Whirlpool Corporation and Whirlpool manufactured products sold under the following brands Admiral, Crosley, IKEA, Kenmore, DACOR, Ingles.
27 The metric is calculated as (revenue from ENERGY STAR  certified products) / (revenue from ENERGY STAR eligible products).
Note:  The Subject Matter is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable measurement 
techniques can result in materially different measurements. The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 109 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 109

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHGRI
IndexDisclosure 
Number Disclosure Name Current-Year Response
2-1 Organizational details Whirlpool Corporation  
2000 North M-63, Benton Harbor, Michigan
Whirlpool Corporation is a publicly traded company, listed on the Chicago Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange.
Countries where Whirlpool Corporation operates and that are relevant to the topics covered in this report are: 
Argentina, Brazil, India, Italy, Mexico, Poland, Russian Federation, Slovakia,  United Kingdom, United States of America.
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s 
sustainability reportingOperations data in this report is from majority-owned subsidiaries. Countries where Whirlpool Corporation operates 
and that are relevant to the topics covered in this report are: Argentina, Brazil, India, Italy, Mexico, Poland, Russian 
Federation, Slovakia,  United Kingdom, United States of America.
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and 
contact pointSee About this Report , page 4.
2-4 Restatements of information 2019 Recordable Injury & Illness Cases and Recordable Injury & Illness Rate metrics have been updated to reflect the 
inclusion of 22 Recordable Cases which were inadvertently omitted from the original 2019 calculation, refer to page 46.
2-5 External assurance See External Limited Assurance , page 101.
2-6 Activities, value chain and other 
business relationshipsSee Who We Are , page 6 and Whirlpool Value Chain , page 16.
2-7 Employees1See Sustainability Report Data Appendix
2-8 Workers who are not employees See Sustainability Report Data Appendix
2-9 Governance structure and composition See Board of Directors , page 78.
2-10 Nomination and selection of the 
highest governance bodySee Proxy Statement , pages 2-12.
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body See Proxy Statement , pages 2-12.
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in 
overseeing the management of impactsSee Our ESG Governance & Leadership , page 12.
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impactsSee Our ESG Governance & Leadership , page 12.
1 Decline in total number of employees from 2020 to 2021 primarily attributable to  the Whirlpool China divestiture.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 110 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 110

Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Name Current-Year Response
2-14 Role of the highest governance body  
in sustainability reportingSee Our ESG Governance & Leadership , page 12.
2-15 Conflicts of interest See Proxy Statement , pages 2-12, 16.
See Our Integrity Manual
See Corporate Governance Guidelines and Policies
In addition, each year as part of our Annual Certification and Integrity Manual Refresher training, we ask all in-scope 
employees to certify that they have disclosed any conflicts of interest and have read all applicable Whirlpool policies 
and Our Integrity Manual . See also Global Ethics & Compliance , page 81 .
2-16 Communication of critical concerns See Whirlpool Integrity Line  and Global Ethics & Compliance , page 81 .
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest 
governance bodySee Board of Directors , page 76 .
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the 
highest governance bodySee Board of Directors , page 76 .
2-19 Remuneration policies See Compensation Policies , page 80 .
Additional details on our Board of Directors compensation, and our executive compensation policies and programs  
can be found in our Proxy Statement , pages 21-38, as filed with the SEC.
2-20 Process to determine remuneration Proxy Statement , pages 21-38.
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Proxy Statement , page 54.
2-22 Statement on sustainable  
development strategySee CEO Message , page 7 .
2-23 Policy commitments See Global Ethics & Compliance , page 81 .
2-24 Embedding policy commitments See Global Ethics & Compliance , page 81, and Responsible Sourcing , page 93 .
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts See Global Ethics & Compliance , page 81 .
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice  
and raising concernsSee Global Ethics & Compliance , page 81 .
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 111

Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Name Current-Year Response
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Whirlpool Corporation received no significant fines or sanctions for non-compliance with environmental laws/
regulations in 2021. Each year, all manufacturing sites assess compliance status and complete the “Annual Compliance 
Assurance Letter”, confirming that they are in substantial compliance with EHS laws, regulations, and other obligations. 
In the past 5 years, Whirlpool was subject to one significant fine. Pursuant to a settlement with the French Competition 
Authority (FCA), Whirlpool paid a fine of EUR 56M attributable to Whirlpool’s France business and EUR 46M attributable 
to Indesit’s France business related to the first part of the FCA's investigation. Whirlpool did not own Indesit during the 
period at issue, and received reimbursement from Indesit’s previous owners for a portion of the settlement amount. 
The second part of the FCA’s investigation is still ongoing. Further information is contained in Whirlpool’s most recent 
Form 10-K  filed with the SEC. (See page 70, Commitments and Contingencies—“Competition Investigation”).
2-28 Membership associations Whirlpool’s Corporation’s main memberships of industry associations are held with APPLiA, AHAM and ELETROS.
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement See Materiality & Stakeholder Engagement , page 14 .
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements See Workforce Development & Engagement , page 51 .
3-1 Process to determine material topics See Materiality & Stakeholder Engagement , page 14 .
3-2 List of material topics See Materiality & Stakeholder Engagement , page 14 .
3-3 Management of material topics See Materiality & Stakeholder Engagement , page 14 .
201-2 Financial implications and other risks 
and opportunities due to climate changeSee TCFD , page 121 .
202-1 Ratio of standard entry level wage  
by gender compared to local  
minimum wageThe ratio of the standard entry-level hourly wage to local minimum wage varies from location to location around the 
world. This variation is necessary to comply with local market conditions and with wage minimums in countries or 
municipalities that set the minimums. Whirlpool complies with local minimum wage laws in each jurisdiction in which 
we operate. Whirlpool does not vary entry-level compensation by gender.
204-1 Procurement budget spent on  
local suppliersWhirlpool Corporation is a global company with operations across the world. Local and global suppliers are evaluated 
based on multiple procurement criteria that may change sometimes based on business conditions. Approximately 
40-60% of our purchasing budget is within the local market that our product is produced.
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related 
to corruptionSee Anti-Corruption , page 86.
100% of our operations are regularly assessed and evaluated for multiple compliance and ethics risks, including risks 
related to corruption.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 112

Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Name Current-Year Response
205-2 Communication and training about 
anti-corruption policies and proceduresSee Anti-Corruption , page 86.
100% of our Board of Directors and Executive Committee members have received communication regarding the 
organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures, including Whirlpool’s Our Integrity Manual. In addition, 100%  
of Whirlpool's Executive Committee, and numerous other Whirlpool senior leaders, participated in Whirlpool's annual 
Integrity Week trainings, where they participated in training and/or messaging on the importance of Whirlpool's 
commitment to anti-corrptuon practices, policies, and integrity. The members of the Executive Committee reflect 
senior leadership in each of our regional operations. Senior Leaders reflect employees ranging from Director and 
above in each of our regional operations.
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption  
and actions takenWe had zero confirmed incidents of corruption in 2021.
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive 
behavior, anti-trust and  
monopoly practicesSee Form 10-K , pages 77 and 79.
207-1 Tax strategy Whirlpool Corporation's tax strategy is to fully comply with the tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. This 
tax strategy is reviewed annually by the CEO, CFO, and Vice-President of Tax.
207-2 Tax governance, mechanisms for 
reporting concerns about unethical or 
unlawful behavior and the assurance 
process for disclosures on taxThe tax governance and control framework are embedded in Whirlpool Corporation’s internal controls and compliance 
with these controls is assessed through routine reviews by the Company's Internal Audit function and independent 
external auditors. The Vice-President of Tax is ultimately responsible for compliance with these internal controls.
Our approach regarding tax disclosures is included in Whirlpool Corporation’s public filings, which are audited  
by independent external auditors. Concerns about unethical or unlawful behavior can be reported through our 
Integrity Line.
207-3 Management of stakeholder concerns 
related to taxWhirlpool Corporation engages with tax authorities in various jurisdictions through routine tax inquiries and audits. 
Our Investor Relations team collects comments from external investors, and internal employees participate in multiple 
questionnaires throughout the year.
207-4 Tax jurisdictions Whirlpool Corporation manufactures products in 12 countries and markets products in nearly every country around 
the world. The Company’s geographic segments consist of North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia. The 
Company pays tax in every profitable jurisdiction where it has nexus.
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume • Metals (non-renewable): 2,062,600 Metric Tons
• Plastics (non-renewable): 559,600 Metric Tons
• Cardboard Packaging (renewable)*: 120,132 Metric Tons
• EPS Packaging (non-renewable): 45,893 Metric Tons
• Recycled Paper Packaging (renewable): 17,838 Metric Tons
• Film Packaging (non-renewable): 9,356 Metric Tons
*The recycled content in our cardboard packaging varies from 25% to 100%, depending on the region.
Note: This data is estimated based on engineering and sourcing estimates.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 113

Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Name Current-Year Response
302-1 Energy consumption within  
the organizationSee Energy Management , page 27 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
302-3 Energy intensity See Sustainable Operations , page 36 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
Fuel, electricity, and steam are included in the intensity ratio. The denominator includes our major product categories 
(see page 6).
302-4 Reductions in energy consumption See Energy Management , page 27 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
Fuel, electricity, and steam are included. The baseline year is 2016 based on the SBTi methodology.
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements  
of products and servicesSee GHG Emissions , page 24 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
On average, our major appliances’ energy requirements decreased 11 kWh or 3% per unit from 2020. This includes Air 
Treatment, Cooking, Dishwashers, Refrigeration, and Laundry products.
303-1 Interactions with water as a  
shared resourceSee Water , page 41.
303-2 Management of water discharge-
related impactsSee Water , page 41.
In every country we meet local legal and regulatory requirements.
303-3 Water withdrawal See Water , page 41 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
303-4 Water discharge See Water , page 41 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
303-5 Water consumption See Water , page 41 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions See GHG Emissions , page 24 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
The baseline year is 2016. Emissions Factors are from the U.S. EPA. Emissions are consolidated based on an 
operational control approach.
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions See GHG Emissions , page 24 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
The baseline year is 2016. Emission Factors are from IEA. Emissions are consolidated based on an operational control 
approach. This includes all manufacturing facilities and non-manufacturing facilities over 500,000 Square Feet.
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions See GHG Emissions , page 24 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
Scope 3 Category 11 Use of Sold Product Emissions for large appliances. The baseline year is 2016 based on the  
SBTi methodology. Emission Factors are from IEA.
305-4 GHG emissions intensity See Sustainable Operations , page 36 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
The denominator to calculate the ratio is production.
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions See GHG Emissions , page 24 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 114

Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Name Current-Year Response
306-1 Significant actual and potential waste-
related impactsSee Product End of Life Management , page 33 .
See Zero Waste to Landfill , page 38 .
306-2 Actions to prevent waste generation 
and to manage significant impactsSee Product End of Life Management , page 33 .
We diverted hundreds of thousands of products through voluntary programs across LAR, NAR, and EMEA.
• Refurbishment business model Brazil reoperated 23,601 products in 2021.
• Return centers in the U.S. diverted 105,000 products from waste in 2021.
• Return centers in the U.K. have managed 46,519 units in 2021, diverting 38,485 of them from waste (representing 
approximately 2,000 tons of avoided waste—considered 50 Kg/product.)
• Return center in Canada diverted 5,051 (Jan-Oct) units in 2021, representing approximately 638 tons of avoided waste. 
306-3 Waste generated by composition See Zero Waste to Landfill , page 38 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal See Zero Waste to Landfill , page 38 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
306-5 Waste directed to disposal See Zero Waste to Landfill , page 38 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
308-1 New suppliers that were screened 
using environmental criteriaAll new suppliers must pass our SCoC audit to be awarded business. Our environmental assessment, which is part  
of our SCoC audits, requires suppliers to follow all local environmental laws applicable to the workplace, the products 
produced, and the methods of manufacture. Additionally, we encourage the use of processes and materials that 
support sustainability of the environment.
See Responsible Sourcing , page 93 .
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in  
the supply chain and actions takenSee Responsible Sourcing , page 9 .3
401-1 New employee hires and  
employee turnoverSee Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees See Workforce Development & Engagement , page 51 .
In every country we meet local legal and regulatory requirements and add to that any additional benefit to achieve 
market competitiveness in each respective country.
401-3 Parental leave All employees are eligible for this benefit as of the date of hire. 
240 female employees took parental leave in 2021, 96% returned to work after their leave. 85% of the female 
employees who took parental leave in 2020 were still employed 12 months after their return to work.
495 male employees took parental leave in 2021, 97% returned to work after their leave. 86% of the male employees 
who took parental leave in 2020 were still employed 12 months after their return to work.
402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding 
operational changesIn jurisdictions where there is a legally mandated notice we comply with all local laws and requirements.  
Whirlpool Corporation also provides severance where applicable based on local law and or company policy.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 115

Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Name Current-Year Response
403-1 Occupational health and safety 
management systemSee Occupational Health & Safety , page 46 .
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment 
and incident investigationSee Occupational Health & Safety , page 46 .
403-3 Occupational health services' functions See Occupational Health & Safety , page 46 .
403-4 Worker participation and consultation 
in the occupational health and safety 
management systemSee Occupational Health & Safety , page 46 .
403-5 Worker training on occupational health 
and safetySee Occupational Health & Safety , page 46 .
403-6 Worker access to non-occupational 
medical and healthcare servicesSee Occupational Health & Safety , page 46 .
403-7 Prevention or mitigation of occupational 
health and safety impacts directly linked 
by business relationshipsSee Occupational Health & Safety , page 46 .
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational 
health and safety management systemSee Occupational Health & Safety , page 46 .
Contractors executing a temporary project that are under direct supervision of their employer may not participate in 
the full health & safety management system based on scope/duration and other legal requirements. These contractors 
are covered by applicable management system elements pertaining to the work activities they perform while on 
Whirlpool property.
403-9 Work-related injuries See Occupational Health & Safety , page 46 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
Whirlpool Corporation does not draw a distinction between regular employee hours worked and temporary employee 
hours worked. Temporary employees or “contract” employees are employees who are employed by another employer 
but supervised on a day-to-day basis by a Whirlpool Corporation employee. Therefore, the total number of employee 
hours worked is composed of both Whirlpool Corporation employees and non-employees supervised by a Whirlpool 
Corporation employee. The only workers who are not included in this disclosure are contractors and contract workers 
who work (temporarily) at a Whirlpool Corporation operation and are not supervised by a Whirlpool Corporation 
employee, but instead by a member of his/her own organization.
403-10 Work-related ill health See Occupational Health & Safety , page 46 and Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
Workers that are not supervised by a Whirlpool employee are not included in Whirlpool Injury and Illness records.
404-1 Average hours of training per year  
per employeeSee Workforce Development & Engagement , page 51 .
Training is offered at Whirlpool Corporation to all employees based on development needs and company requirements 
regardless of race, gender and ethnicity.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 116

Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Name Current-Year Response
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills 
and transition assistance programsSee Workforce Development & Engagement , page 53 .
At Whirlpool Corporation, we believe that all our employees need high-quality tools and training to do their best work. 
We provide a wide variety of flexible learning opportunities around the globe to enable our employees to develop and 
grow. WeLEARN is Whirlpool’s new front door to a personalized learning experience. This digital learner-driven 
platform is designed to allow salaried employees to access learning when and where they need it, collaborate with 
others, and build skill for today and tomorrow. Launched in 2020, it is part of a multi-year strategy to create a learning 
culture at Whirlpool and is available to all of our salaried employees globally. WeLEARN provides learning content that 
is aligned with Whirlpool's strategic imperatives and our updated Leadership Model. For hourly employees, WCM 
(World Class Manufacturing) is being implemented at our plants around the world as a part of our Global 
Manufacturing Strategy. People Development (PD) is a principle enabler of the Global Manufacturing Strategy through 
the development of our people by building capability to foster an organizational culture to develop exceptional people, 
engage employees, eliminate waste and loss through WCM methodology.
Severance and job placement services and transition assistance are available as necessary and appropriate to White 
Collar employees in the U.S. Globally we comply with statutory requirements for severence.
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving 
regular performance and career 
development reviewsSee Workforce Development & Engagement , page 54 .
100% of white collar employees globally receive a performance review, regardless of gender. Whirlpool’s performance 
management process, Every Day Performance Excellence, focuses on both the “What” and the “How” of performance. 
Employees create objectives in each of four performance categories (Business Performance, Strategic/Project Impact, 
Organization and Talent, and My Leadership and Values). Formal reviews at mid-year and year-end are supplemented 
with continuous coaching and feedback from people leaders and cross-functional partners to drive extraordinary results. 
Global salaried employees (approximately 19,000) participate in Every Day Performance Excellence. Performance 
management processes for our hourly workforce varies by geography, however does not vary by gender and incorporates 
various manufacturing plant metrics for performance measurement.
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies  
and employeesSee Board of Directors , page 77 .
See Diversity & Equal Opportunity , page 59 .
See Sustainability Report Data Appendix .
405-2 Ratio of the basic salary and 
remuneration of women to menWhirlpool does not make compensation decisions based on race, gender or any other protected category.
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and 
corrective actions takenIn 2021, there were 65 internal cases of which 29 were substantiated and we took corrective actions, and 36 were 
unsubstantiated. We also had 12 external cases of which 4 have been closed. 100% of incidents are reviewed by 
Whirlpool Corporation’s Global Legal Ethics and Compliance team and Employee Relations team as part of our standard 
process. No findings of wrongdoing have been determined for the 36 unsubstantiated incidents; however, Whirlpool 
did take the opportunity in 8 of the unsubstantiated incidents to improve and/or enhance controls, processes and 
procedures, and/or implement training to support and ensure a strong ethics and compliance culture.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 117

Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Name Current-Year Response
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which right 
to freedom of association or collective 
bargaining may be at riskSee Workforce Development & Engagement , page 51 .
See Responsible Sourcing , page 93 and our Supplier Code of Conduct .
Through Whirlpool's Supplier Code of Conduct audits Whirlpool did not have any instances in 2021 which our suppliers 
violated freedom of association or collective bargaining.
408-1 Operations and suppliers at risk for 
incidents of child laborSee Responsible Sourcing , page 93. 
No instances of child labor or young workers exposed to hazardous work were found in any of the audited supplier facilities.
409-1 Operations and suppliers at risk for 
incidents of force or compulsory laborSee Responsible Sourcing , page 93.
410-1 Security personnel training in human 
rights policiesSecurity personnel receive the same formal training as all other employees on human rights policies. Discussions about 
applications specific to security occur within individual teams.
413-1 Operations with local community 
engagement, impact assessments  
and development programsSee Local Communities , page 62 .
We engage with our communities in every facility around the globe. A highlight of our community support for the last 
few years is our global headquarters' work with the local community on six workstreams to support racial equality in 
the community. This involved meeting with members of the community (95% African American) and working with them 
to create programs such as mentoring, internships and other youth engagement programs. 
See all our activity at https://whirlpoolcorp.com/social/ .
414-1 New suppliers that were screened 
using social criteriaAll new suppliers must pass our SCoC audit to be awarded business. Whirlpool Corporation supports the human rights 
of everyone we work with, and we expect our global suppliers to do the same. We strive to hold our suppliers 
accountable with these same principles through our Supplier Code of Conduct. The SCoC states, in part, that suppliers 
must recognize and respect human rights, including any rights of workers to exercise lawful rights of free association, 
compliance with local and international laws regarding young workers, compliance with laws prohibiting human 
trafficking in any form (e.g., forced labor, debt bonded slavery), providing safe and healthy work environments, and 
respecting any legal right of workers to bargain collectively. 
See Responsible Sourcing , page 93.
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply 
chain and actions takenSee Responsible Sourcing , page 93.
415-1 Political contributions The Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee of the Board exercises oversight of the Company’s political 
contributions and lobbying activities.
See whirlpoolcorp.com/us-political-contributions/  for more information on U.S. Political Contributions.
416-1 Assessment of the health and  
safety impacts of product and  
service categoriesSee Product Safety & Quality , page 90.
Product health & safety impacts are assessed throughout the product lifecycle—from concept to retirement—for 100% 
of Whirlpool's portfolio.APPENDIX  / GRI INDEX
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 118

Disclosure 
Number Disclosure Name Current-Year Response
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance 
concerning the health and safety 
impacts of products and servicesWhile we may have had incidents of regulatory non-compliance, these are not safety risks to our consumers. 
Additionally, they are all addressed and brought to closure through our rigorous process and management systems. 
There have been no product health and safety non-compliance incidents.
417-1 Product and service information  
and labelingThe literature supplied with the product as well as online describe the proper and safe usage of the product.
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance 
concerning product and service 
information and labelingWe identified 8 incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning 
marketing communicationsWe have not identified any non-compliances based on internal search conducted.
418-1 Complaints concerning breaches  
of customer privacyComplaints received from outside parties: 5
Complaints received from regulatory bodies: 1
The following GRI metrics were omitted from this report: 201-1, 201-3, 201-4, 202-2, 203-1, 203-2, 302-2, 304-4, 305-6, 305-7, 411-1, 413-2. The reason for omission was that a) the metric was not applicable to Whirlpool Corporation 
based upon our identified ESG material topics and/or b) the information was unavailable or cannot be obtained with sufficient quality to enable reporting.  As our processes, controls and systems evolve, we will evaluate our ability to 
report on these metrics on an annual basis.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 119

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHSASB
The Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) 
connects businesses and 
investors on the financial 
impacts of sustainability.  
Our 2019 Sustainability 
Report marked the first time 
that Whirlpool has reported 
to the SASB framework 
against the Consumer 
Goods Sector—Appliances 
Manufacturing Standards.SASB—SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD
Consumer Goods Sector—Appliance Manufacturing
Sustainability Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics:
Topic Accounting Metric Category Code Unit of Measure 2021 Response
Product SafetyNumber of (1) recalls issued and  
(2) total units recalledQuantitative CG-AM-250a.1 Number (1) Zero voluntary1 and involuntary product safety 
recalls issued
(2) Zero total units recalled
Discussion of progress to identify and 
manage safety risks associated with the 
use of its productsDiscussion  
and AnalysisCG-AM-250a.2 n/a Product Safety and Quality , Page 90.
Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated  
with product safetyQuantitative CG-AM-250a.3 Reporting 
currency$4.5M2
Topic Accounting Metric Category Code Unit of Measure 2021 Response
Product  
Life Cycle 
Environmental 
ImpactsPercentage of eligible products by revenue 
certified to the Energy Star programQuantitative CG-AM-410a.1 Percentage (%)  
by revenue40.4%3, 4
Percentage of eligible products by revenue 
certified to an Association of Home 
Appliance Manufacturers (AHAM) 
sustainability standardQuantitative CG-AM-410a.2 Percentage (%)  
by revenue0% in 2021, due to competing retailer sustainability 
labels and lack of usage in marketplace by our  
retailer customers.
Description of efforts to manage products’ 
end-of-life impactsDiscussion  
and AnalysisCG-AM-410a.3 n/a Product Safety and Quality , Page 90.
1  In August 2021, a recall was issued for dehumidifiers manufactured and sold by N ew Widetech, a licensee of Whirlpool Corporation. This recall involves dehumidifiers, manufactured before September 1, 2017, with the brand names 
including Amana and Whirlpool, amongst other non-Whirlpool Corporation brand names. As Whirlpool Corporation is not responsible for the manufacturing of these products or the issuance of the recall, nor financially liable for the 
recall, we have excluded this recall from SASB Appliance Manufacturing Standard CG-AM-250a.1 reporting.  
2 Total amount of monetary losses are reported net of insurance reimbursements in excess of Whirlpool’s self-insured limit.
3  Excludes products sold or intended for sale outside the United States, licensed p roducts not manufactured nor sold by Whirlpool Corporation and Whirlpool manufactured products sold under the following brands Admiral, Crosley, 
IKEA, Kenmore, DACOR, Ingles
4  Revenue used to calculate the percentage of eligible products certified to the Ene rgy Star program does not reflect sales incentives or allowances for product returns, which are recognized as a reduction of revenue when accounting  
for Net Sales in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Notes 1 & 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Accounting Policies and Revenue.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 120 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 120

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHTCFDTCFD RECOMMENDATION WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION DISCLOSURES
Governance Oversight for ESG
Our Board of Directors is committed to overseeing the integration of ESG principles throughout Whirlpool Corporation, as reflected in 
our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provides for Board oversight of our ESG strategy and initiatives, including those related 
to climate risks and opportunities. In line with the guidelines, the Board reviews and receives updates on our sustainability strategy 
and key long-term ESG initiatives every year. The Board oversees the integration of ESG principles throughout the company to drive 
long-term value.
Management
At the management level, our ESG efforts are led by our Executive Committee and guided by our ESG Councils—one covering Environmental 
Sustainability, one covering Social and Governance topics. Our ESG Councils are composed of regional business leaders and senior leaders 
from our key operational and corporate functions. The ESG Councils evaluate our strategic priorities on relevant ESG issues based on results 
of our ESG Materiality Assessment and input from our ESG Task Force, a cross-functional team that embeds individuals and leaders from all 
core functions of the business. To further strengthen our ESG governance structure and integration into our business, we named a Senior 
Vice President, Communications, Public Affairs and Sustainability to join the Executive Leadership team and report directly to our Chairman 
and CEO. Whirlpool Corporation’s Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer is accountable for reporting to the EC and the 
Board of Directors on ESG matters, including climate change-related issues and financial impacts.
Managing Climate Risks
The ESG Councils are supported by the ESG Task Force, a cross-functional team that embeds individuals and leaders from all areas of the 
business. The Task Force is responsible for planning, communication, education, prioritization and reporting around all ESG matters. 
Specific to climate change, we have set a net zero target on Scopes 1 & 2 and a target on Scope 3 products in use below 2°C. The ESG 
Councils continue to monitor emerging risks and opportunities related to emissions, renewable energy, recycling, new regulatory actions, 
materials, end of life, and the connected grid infrastructure. Climate risks due to extreme weather events and its impacts on our value 
chain were a specific focus to address in 2021 and will continue to be a priority. Emerging topics such as carbon taxes, biodiversity, water, 
closed loops and supply chain resiliency, net-zero homes, and environmental design, including life cycle assessments, are all areas that 
are continually monitored by our dedicated sustainability team.
The role of assessing risks and opportunities resides with the Enterprise Risk Management and Sustainability functions. Our 
Sustainability team works with internal stakeholders from multiple functions to monitor environmental metrics and promote 
accountability on an ongoing basis for achieving our science-based emissions reduction goals and mitigating risks.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 121 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 121

TCFD RECOMMENDATION WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION DISCLOSURES
Strategy The TCFD highlights two primary types of climate risks: physical and transition. Physical risks may include extreme weather events, such 
as drought or flooding, and the longer-term impact of increasing average global mean temperatures. Transition risks, on the other hand, 
may include the global transition to a low-carbon economy, new regulations, and innovations in energy efficiency. 
We have identified several climate-related risks and opportunities with potential impact to our business as described below:
PHYSICAL RISKS
Operations Continuity
Risk type: Acute and chronic physical
Time horizon: Short-term
Likelihood: More likely than not
Magnitude of impact: Medium
Description:
We leveraged the expertise of Trucost ESG Analytics to assess impacts to our facilities. Trucost analyzed the potential physical risks 
that may impact Whirlpool’s operations, considering different scenarios of global warming by 2050, as described below:
Scenario Representative Concentration 
Pathway (RCP)Description
High Emissions RCP 8.5 Continuation of business as usual with emissions at current rates. This  
scenario is expected to result in warming in excess of 4°C by 2100.
Moderate Emissions RCP 4.5 Strong mitigation actions to reduce emissions to half of current levels by 
2080. This scenario is more likely than not to result in warming in excess  
of 2°C by 2100.
Low Emissions RCP 2.6 Aggressive mitigation actions to halve emissions by 2050. This scenario is 
likely to result in warming of less than 2°C by 2100.
Whirlpool’s physical risk levels are broadly consistent across all scenarios. The company faces moderate risk with greatest exposure to 
water stress as the most significant risk driver. The exposure to other physical risks such as flood, hurricane and sea level rise are low 
across most sites.
Adaptation plans and mitigation measures at sites with higher risk exposure are coordinated by an EHS group that prioritizes actions 
to address risks and opportunities related to our assets and infrastructure. In 2021, the group focused on assessing risk factors related 
to water stress that may impact sites with greater exposure to this risk in the future, as identified in the scenario planning completed 
by Trucost. Actions are then prioritized in Whirlpool’s capital appropriation process.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 122

TCFD RECOMMENDATION WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION DISCLOSURES
Strategy (continued) Supply Chain Disruption
Risk type: Acute physical
Time horizon: Short-term
Likelihood: More likely than not
Magnitude of impact: Medium
Description: 
We use a wide range of materials and components in the global production of our products, which come from numerous suppliers 
around the world. Because not all of our business arrangements provide for guaranteed supply and some key parts may be available 
only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers, we are subject to supply and pricing risk. In addition, certain proprietary 
component parts used in some of our products are provided by single-source unaffiliated third-party suppliers. We would be unable 
to obtain these proprietary components for an indeterminate period of time if these single-source suppliers were to cease or interrupt 
production or otherwise fail to supply these components to us, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating results. 
Our operations and those of our suppliers are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including hazards such as fire, earthquakes, 
flooding, or other natural disasters. Insurance for certain disruptions may not be available, affordable or adequate. The effects of 
climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability may exacerbate 
these risks. Such disruption has in the past and could in the future interrupt our ability to manufacture certain products. Any significant 
disruption could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
TRANSITION RISKS
Regulatory Compliance and External Commitments
Risk type: Emerging regulation
Time horizon: Medium-term
Likelihood: Likely
Magnitude of impact: Medium-high
Description:
Climate change regulations at the federal, state or local level or in international jurisdictions could require us to limit emissions, 
change our manufacturing processes or product offerings, or undertake other costly activities. We have set rigorous science-based 
targets for greenhouse gas reductions and related sustainability goals, including “net-zero” goals announced in 2021, and any failure 
to achieve our sustainability goals or reduce our impact on the environment, any changes in the scientific or governmental metrics 
utilized to objectively measure success, or the perception that we have failed to act responsibly regarding climate change could result 
in negative publicity and adversely affect our business and reputation. Additionally, we could be subjected to future liabilities, fines 
or penalties or the suspension of product production for failing to comply, or being alleged as failing to comply, with various laws and 
regulations, including environmental regulations. We expect that our resiliency and focus on our commitment to net zero in our oper -
ations and below 2°C set by the Paris Agreement for our products, given their dependency on green grids will mitigate the impacts of 
future carbon prices and regulations, as well as the potential negative publicity for companies that fail to comply.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 123

TCFD RECOMMENDATION WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION DISCLOSURES
Strategy (continued) Carbon Pricing
Risk type: Emerging regulation
Time horizon: Medium-term
Likelihood: Likely
Magnitude of impact: Medium-high
Description: 
The TCFD identifies increased pricing of GHG emissions and increased operating costs as examples of climate-related transition policy 
risks. Carbon prices associated with emissions trading schemes, carbon taxes, fuel taxes and other policies are expected to rise in the 
future as governments take action to reduce GHG emissions consistent with the Paris Agreement. The speed and level to which carbon 
prices rise is uncertain and likely to vary across countries and regions. We leveraged the expertise of Trucost ESG Analytics to assess 
impact. We utilized Trucost’s Corporate Carbon Pricing Tool to quantify the risk and understand potential future financial impact 
against a high, medium and low carbon price scenario, from present to 2050. Trucost analyzed the impacts of carbon-related policies 
up until 2050 under a high, medium and low carbon price scenario. The analysis identified that, in a 2°C scenario, the carbon pricing 
risk associated with Scope 3 upstream emissions is the largest contributor to Whirlpool’s overall carbon pricing risk. Unmitigated risk 
under a high carbon price scenario could increase operating expenditures and lower the company’s operating profit margin. While 
we know that Whirlpool may face increased compliance costs related to new taxes, we are confident that by encouraging low-carbon 
behavior and the innovation of cleaner options within our supply chain and products, we will mitigate these impacts.
Market and Technology Shifts
Risk type: Market
Time horizon: Medium-term
Likelihood: Likely
Magnitude of impact: Medium-high
Description:
Future financial and social consequences of climate change may affect the demand for the products and services that Whirlpool offers. 
Supply chains and markets may evolve under future climate change scenarios, with increased consumer demand for energy-efficient, 
lower-carbon products and the possibility of new technologies that may impact market behavior. Additionally, a number of economic 
factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and consumer sentiment, generally affect demand for our products in the U.S. 
and other countries which we operate. We expect to see changes in demand for fossil fuel-based products such as gas cooking and 
drying appliances. This would cause a shift to our broad range of consumer products that utilize electrification technologies such as 
induction and heat pumps.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 124

TCFD RECOMMENDATION WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION DISCLOSURES
Strategy (continued) CLIMATE-RELATED OPPORTUNITIES
Innovative and Efficient Products for Our Consumers
Opportunity type: Products and services
Time horizon: Short-term
Likelihood: Likely
Magnitude of impact: Medium
Description:
As global leaders and technology drivers in the home appliances industry, we are continually improving product efficiency on a volun -
tary basis. This creates opportunities in sales and creates value for utilities, developers, builders, and consumers. We continue to make 
investments in both the efficiency and innovation of our products to improve lives at home and in our communities. In 2021, we contin -
ued to invest in manufacturing efficiency, product leadership, technology and innovation, including $525 million in capital expenditures 
and we are completing our previously announced investments of over $70M to significantly reduce high global warming refrigerants 
and blowing agents in the next three years. In 2021, we were 97% HFC free in our products and operations. In addition to driving individ -
ual product efficiency, we are developing innovations that drive efficiency through more dynamic interactions with the grid through con -
nected appliances and smart homes. These innovations and engagement with our consumers have the ability to drive significant gains 
in the emissions of our products in use to exceed our 2030 goals, while providing savings on consumer utility bills and a more resilient 
grid more capable of renewable energy generation. Additionally, they will open new consumer loyalty and services growth opportuni -
ties. With decarbonization and with our extensive electric product portfolio in numerous consumer segments and markets, we will be 
able to potentially capitalize on the shift to new technologies such as induction cooking and heat pump dryers. Growth in demand for 
appliances may also be impacted by more extreme weather events that disrupt homes and by additional migration. 
Zero Impact Operations
Opportunity type: Resource efficiency
Time horizon: Short-term
Likelihood: Virtually certain
Magnitude of impact: Medium-low
Description:
Through our industry-leading brand portfolio and robust product innovation pipeline, we are able to leverage both our global scale and 
innovative manufacturing processes to drive best-in-class energy performance across all regions. The WCM (World Class Manufacturing) 
system that we adopted at all of our production sites includes an Environmental pillar that addresses the identification and assessment 
of environmental aspects and impacts, including understanding energy losses and implementing projects to reduce emissions, energy 
consumption and waste. We know that managing the use of natural resources in the manufacturing process is the right thing to do as 
part of our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint. We invest in driving continuous improvement in emissions and energy efficiency 
by developing and utilizing local renewable energy generation or procurement and dedicated capital for deep energy retrofits, while 
investing in off-site renewable energy options. In 2021, we reached commercial operation of our first Virtual Power Purchase Agreement 
(VPPA) that will cover approximately 50%of our electricity consumption at U.S. plants and help reduce our overall global carbon footprint 
in operations by nearly 16% and additionally contracting a second VPPA covering the remaining 50% of our electricity consumption, 
which will become operational in December of 2022. While the majority of our GHG emissions footprint results from our products in 
use, the energy efficiency of our plants also represents an important opportunity for our risk management strategy. We intend to 
complete other off-site and on-site opportunities in the next several years.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 125

TCFD RECOMMENDATION WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION DISCLOSURES
Risk Management Our overall risk management strategy and risk oversight is disclosed in our Proxy Statement and risk factors are described in the 10-K. 
We evaluate risks several ways from an enterprise perspective. To conduct a climate risk and opportunity assessment in line with the 
recommendations of the TCFD, our environmental sustainability team worked with S&P Global’s Trucost to identify and assess transition 
and physical risks, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios and associated time horizons for the short-, medium- 
and long-term. The analysis included three different scenarios: a 2°C scenario (RCP 2.6), a moderate mitigation scenario (RCP 4.5) and 
a business as usual scenario (RCP 8.5). The results of these analyses were summarized by time horizon, magnitude and likelihood to 
help inform the risk management process.
Whirlpool’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) function has the responsibility to evaluate risks and risk mitigation actions, aligned with 
our long-range strategic planning. We regularly assess the risks and opportunities of emerging issues and have formally integrated ESG 
topics into our Enterprise Risk Assessment survey. As we navigate the rapidly evolving and complex space of ESG frameworks, standards 
and guidelines, we continue ongoing dialogue and engagement with our stakeholders to understand and address impacts, risks and 
opportunities as it relates to material ESG issues. We understand that climate change poses considerable risk globally and Climate  
Risk is included as one of the categories in our annual risk survey. Our ESG Task Force is responsible for ensuring that ESG, including 
climate-related issues, is effectively integrated into regional and functional strategies and the group is composed of individuals representing 
a functional cross section, including ERM. Additionally, to improve organizational resilience to physical risks, a cross-regional EHS 
group has been established and is prioritizing actions to address risks and opportunities related to our assets and infrastructure. 
Further details about our efforts to reduce climate change impact are discussed in our 2020 Sustainability Report. 
Additionally, water risk assessments are conducted regionally and with use of the WRI’s Aqueduct tool to look at current and future 
water risks. These water risks take into account climate impacts and future scenarios. 
Metrics & Targets In 2021, Whirlpool Corporation announced a global commitment to reach a net zero emissions target in our plants and operations  
by 2030. We also continue to progress towards our SBTi approved target of 20% reduction in emissions resulting from the use of our 
products (Scope 3, Category 11) by 2030, compared to 2016 levels. Additionally, we set targets on energy intensity, water intensity  
and zero waste to manage costs, and impacts related to climate and water. Historical performance trends against these targets and 
additional details on our climate transition plans can be found in our 2021 Sustainability Report. 
In addition to emissions reduction metrics, we also monitor regulatory compliance, stakeholder engagement and reputation metrics 
impacted by climate-related risks. Furthermore, all of our Named Executive Officers have ESG priorities included as part of their 
individual performance objectives.
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 126

APPENDIX  / OUR ESG APPROACHForward-  
Looking 
StatementsThe Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for  
forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Certain statements 
contained in this report, and other written and oral statements made from time to 
time by us or on our behalf do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and  
may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect  
to future events and financial performance. As such, they are considered “forward-
looking statements” which provide current expectations or forecasts of future events. 
Such statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as “may,” “could,” 
“will,” “should,” “possible,” “plan,” “predict,” “forecast,” “potential,” “anticipate,” 
“estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “believe,” “may impact,” “on track,” and  
similar words or expressions.
This document contains forward-looking statements about Whirlpool Corporation and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (“Whirlpool”) that speak only as of this date. Whirlpool disclaims 
any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements in this document 
may include, but are not limited to: statements regarding Whirlpool Corporation’s 
emissions, energy consumption, water consumption, and other environmental targets, 
external ESG commitments and operational strategies. Many risks, contingencies and 
uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from Whirlpool Corporation’s 
forward-looking statements. Among these factors are: (1) COVID-19 pandemic-related 
business disruptions and economic uncertainty; (2) intense competition in the home 
appliance industry reflecting the impact of both new and established global competitors, 
including Asian and European manufacturers, and the impact of the changing retail 
environment, including direct-to-consumer sales; (3) Whirlpool's ability to maintain or 
increase sales to significant trade customers and the ability of these trade customers to 
maintain or increase market share; (4) Whirlpool's ability to maintain its reputation and 
brand image; (5) the ability of Whirlpool to achieve its business objectives and leverage 
its global operating platform, and accelerate the rate of innovation; (6) Whirlpool’s ability to understand consumer preferences and successfully develop new products; 
(7) Whirlpool's ability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights; (8) acquisition 
and investment-related risks, including risks associated with our past acquisitions,  
and risks associated with our presence in emerging markets; (9) risks related to our 
international operations, including changes in foreign regulations, regulatory 
compliance and disruptions arising from political, legal and economic instability;  
(10) information technology system failures, data security breaches, data privacy 
compliance, network disruptions, and cybersecurity attacks; (11) product liability  
and product recall costs; (12) the ability of suppliers of critical parts, components  
and manufacturing equipment to deliver sufficient quantities to Whirlpool in a timely 
and cost-effective manner; (13) our ability to attract, develop and retain executives  
and other qualified employees; (14) the impact of labor relations; (15) fluctuations in 
the cost of key materials (including steel, resins, copper and aluminum) and components 
and the ability of Whirlpool to offset cost increases; (16) Whirlpool's ability to manage 
foreign currency fluctuations; (17) impacts from goodwill impairment and related 
charges; (18) triggering events or circumstances impacting the carrying value of our 
long-lived assets; (19) inventory and other asset risk; (20) health care cost trends, 
regulatory changes and variations between results and estimates that could increase 
future funding obligations for pension and postretirement benefit plans; (21) changes 
in LIBOR, or replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate; (22) litigation, 
tax, and legal compliance risk and costs, especially if materially different from the 
amount we expect to incur or have accrued for, and any disruptions caused by the 
same; (23) the effects and costs of governmental investigations or related actions  
by third parties; (24) changes in the legal and regulatory environment including 
environmental, health and safety regulations, and taxes and tariffs; and (25) the 
uncertain global economy and changes in economic conditions which affect demand 
for our products. 
© 2022 Whirlpool Corporation
Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 127 Whirlpool Corporation  /  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 127
