Sustainability Report 
2020 | Changing tomorrow, together.
Sustainability Report 
2020 | Changing tomorrow, together.

Altair Sustainability Report  /  2Overview Planet
Practices
People
ProductsLetter from Our CEO
Altair at a Glance
Our Vision and Sustainability Impact
Our Strategy and Commitments04
05
08
1034
36
39
40
41
4212
13
15
1619
20
22
25
29
30Altair Enlighten Award Toggled
Data Security and Data Privacy
Business Ethics and Integrity
Human Rights Policy
COVID-19 ResponseCultureOur ValuesDiversity and Inclusion
Employee Resource Groups
Community InvolvementProfessional Development
All About the People
Our Technology
Research and DevelopmentOur Customers’ Use of Our TechnologyBy leveraging the convergence of simulation, HPC, and AI,  
Altair helps bring safer and more sustainable products to 
market faster, all while reducing costs, weight, and carbon 
footprint. It’s through our core values that we are determined and committed to make the world a better place.
Altair is changing tomorrow, together. Practices Overview People Products Planet
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Overview
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Overview:
Altair Sustainability Report  /  4
 Letter from Our CEO
Letter from Our CEO
When we founded Altair in 1985, we believed in creating a company to help our customers  
be more competitive and also be a great place to work.
Our culture and values have always supported a very diverse workforce, with flexible workplace 
policies, and support for families and work-life balance. We have always worked hard to do the right things, which has created a unique workplace.  As a result of this approach, our attrition rates have always been very low.  
We define Altair’s culture as one of innovation where we envision the future, communicate honestly 
and broadly, seek technology and business “firsts,” and embrace diversity and risk taking. We achieved much success by staying true to who we are, and this has translated to success for our employees, customers, partners, and shareholders while also helping us contribute to a more sustainable future.
Altair accepts the challenge to get better. We are at the most exciting time in our history for
our technology, software products, and people. Our ability to have a positive impact on globalissues like sustainability, diversity, and increased opportunity for under-represented groups willcontinue to grow as we do. We are determined and committed to help the world be a better place.  
Thank you for your support.
James R. Scapa
Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive OfficerAltair accepts the challenge  
to get better. We are at the  most exciting time in our history  for our technology, software  products, and people.
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Overview:
Altair Sustainability Report  /  5
 Altair at a GlanceAltair at a Glance 
Transforming the Future with the Convergence of Simulation,  
High-performance Computing, and Artificial Intelligence
Altair (Nasdaq: ALTR) is a global technology 
company that provides software and cloud 
solutions in simulation, high-performance 
computing (HPC), and artificial intelligence (AI). Altair enables organizations across broad 
industry segments to compete more effectively 
in a connected world while creating a more sustainable future.
Our technologies are woven into the fabric of 
everyday life. Wherever you are, and whatever 
you are doing, Altair’s solutions surround you – 
keeping you safer, more connected, and more productive. They can be found in big places and 
small — on highways, hospitals, and hockey rinks, 
in stadiums, skyscrapers, and subways, and in 
banks, bikes, and boats.   
 Our vision is to transform enterprise decision-making by leveraging the convergence of simulation, HPC, and AI. For more than 35 years, 
Altair has helped companies in their digital 
transformation efforts to make smarter decisions, save costs, reduce waste, accelerate time-to-
market, improve business performance, and 
evolve to a data-driven culture.
By solving our customers’ toughest challenges 
and delivering unparalleled service, we are helping the innovators innovate, make better 
decisions, and turn today’s problems into 
tomorrow’s opportunities.$469M 
FY20 Revenue
3,000+ 
Engineers, Scientists, and Creative Thinkers
12,000+ 
Customers Globally
86
Offices in 25 Countries
150+
Altair and Partner Software Products
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Overview:
Altair Sustainability Report  /  6
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE:  
BROAD PORTFOLIO OF COMPREHENSIVE SOLUTIONS
The evolution toward a smart, connected 
everything is changing the world and Altair  
is leading this evolution. Our simulation and  
AI-driven approach to innovation is powered by our broad portfolio of high-fidelity, physics-
based solvers, best-in-class technology for 
optimization and HPC, and end-to-end  platform for developing AI solutions.
We believe in democratizing our technologies  
to deliver more power to our customers through:
• A flexible, patented units-based licensing 
model, which lowers barriers to adoption  
and increases technology utilization;
• Anytime, anywhere access to Altair solutions;
• Seamless integration with third-party 
software applications at no incremental cost;
• And our open architecture philosophy, which integrates with other software tools, including 
those of our competitors.
 Our scientists, engineers, and creative thinkers are the brains behind some of the world’s most 
innovative breakthroughs. Our 1,000+ strong 
software developers leverage their decades of 
commercial software development expertise, which is unmatched in the market.
Altair’s patented, flexible licensing model 
revolutionized the way our customers use 
software by lowering adoption barriers and 
creating broad engagement. We see ourselvesas the Netflix of enterprise software, allowing 
shared and on-demand access to our offerings, 
along with partner products.
Our growing list of partnerships – with 
companies including NVIDIA, HPE, Intel,  
Google, AWS, Oracle, and Microsoft – and 
acquisitions of 30+ companies or strategic technologies gives us a differentiated,  
open-architecture solution portfolio.
Altair at a Glance
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Overview:
Altair Sustainability Report  /  7
OUR SOLUTIONS INCLUDE 
Data Analytics and AI
Market leading enterprise data preparation, 
predictive analytics, and visualization solutions 
that fuel business and engineering analytics.
Design, Modeling and Visualization
Modeling and visualization tools that allow 
advanced physics attributes to be modeled  
and rendered on top of object geometry in  
high fidelity.
Internet of Things (IoT)
Connected products, including tools that 
enable device enablement, data capture and management, edge computing, digital twins, data 
visualization, and predictive/prescriptive analytics.
Physics Simulation
Mathematical software “solvers” that use 
advanced computational algorithms to predict physical performance.HPC and Cloud Computing
Maximizing the use of complex computing 
resources and streamlining the workflow 
management of computing-intensive tasks. Altair Partner Alliance
Gives customers broader access to an extended 
range of third-party software solutions using 
existing Altair Units at no additional cost. Extends simulation and design capabilities even further  
to create superior products faster.
Altair at a GlanceLearn more about Altair’s Solutions
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Overview:
Altair Sustainability Report  /  8
Altair’s vision is to transform enterprise  
decision making by leveraging the convergence 
of simulation, high-performance computing,  
and artificial intelligence.
By applying our world-leading software, our 
customers bring safer, more satisfying, and  more sustainable products to market faster. They 
optimize material use and reduce cost, weight, 
and carbon footprint. And by leveraging data analytics and HPC workload management they 
bring the power of high-fidelity models, machine 
learning, AI, and improved decision-making to industries ranging from engineering to finance.
 We also conduct our business in a manner
that manages environmental issues responsibly.
We fulfill this commitment by:
• Complying with local environmental 
regulations across all our global offices
• Conducting operations in an environmentally sound manner
• Demanding appropriate environmental practices throughout our supply chainsOur Vision and Sustainability Impact
Our Vision and Sustainability Impact20+ 
Altair Products Contribute  
to Sustainability
Altair® OptiStruct® usage is  
responsible for reducing many 
millions  
of tons 
of CO2 emissions.
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Overview:
Altair Sustainability Report  /  9
SHARED INFRASTRUCTURE
We offer cloud-based applications which allow 
efficiently scaled and shared infrastructure to be used by multiple organizations, thus eliminating countless independent compute server installations and giving access to a broad range of applications 
relevant to sustainable design.
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN
We enable structural optimization to inspire and refine product designs that minimize material 
usage and maximize performance. Customers 
can utilize simulation-driven innovation to rapidly develop products, processes, and experiences 
in a virtual world without the carbon and waste 
stream impact of multiple physical prototypes.OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY
We empower our HPC customers’ workload management to ensure efficiency of energy 
usage and run time. Altair supports additive 
manufacturing and other advanced manufacturing techniques to embody the most optimal designs 
developed from simulation methodologies at the 
lowest cost.
MATERIAL EFFICIENCY
Engineered plastics and laminate composites offer the design freedom to meet lightweighting 
and cost requirements for complex parts. 
High-quality plastic materials can be produced quickly and at high volume, but holistic simulation is needed to tailor materials to the individual product requirements. Altair offers a comprehensive set of engineering plastic 
solutions to produce innovative plastic parts 
quickly and reliably.
Additive manufacturing (AM) isn’t just for rapid 
prototyping, research projects, and advanced engineering teams. It is now a viable production 
solution, and Altair provides a robust simulation 
tool chain to support production designs created specifically for AM.
Our Vision and Sustainability Impact
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Overview:
Altair Sustainability Report  /  10
Altair is committed to remaining responsible 
worldwide. For decades, our employees and their 
families have been almost evenly distributed 
between APAC, EMEA, and the Americas. As a result, we emphasize a world view of humanity and 
consider it our responsibility to be a positive actor 
and voice for the health of people and the planet.
Our core mission is to leverage technologies  
that enable the convergence of simulation,  
HPC, and AI to improve the efficiency, safety,  
and health of the human experience. As we 
continue investing in our software products,  
we do so with the belief that we play an 
essential role in reducing material usage,  
energy consumption, and carbon emissions.
We are committed to investing in these 
technologies while improving our position  as a leader in global workforce diversity as  
well. As a global company, we understand  
how important it is to provide opportunities  for personal growth and achievement  
regardless of gender, race, religion,  
or socioeconomic background. We will continue tracking and reporting numbers that we feel are important to help us on our path, 
and we look forward to our shared journey.Our Strategy and Commitments
Corporate and Social Responsibility is Core to How Altair Operates
Our Strategy and Commitments

Practices Overview People Products Planet
People
Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  12
When the most innovative minds and the
best technology converge, anything is possible. 
We believe that by bringing together the vast, 
ever-evolving worlds of simulation, HPC, and AI, we’re not just helping redefine the way the world 
creates – we’re redefining what’s possible.Culture
Altair Fosters a Culture of  
Global Diversity, Professional  and Personal Development,  and Innovation.
From flex time to telecommuting, we believe 
maintaining a healthy work / life balance  
is critical.We envision the future and encourage an 
entrepreneurial mindset and spirit with  
the opportunity to communicate honestly,  
and broadly across the organization.
With access to the latest training, tools, 
and technology, our work spans multiple 
industries across the globe to aid your  
career development. We provide a total rewards package that 
includes salary, time off, holidays, insurance, 
corporate discounts, incentives, and an 
employee stock purchase program.Our collaborative environment fosters
a culture of connectedness, sustainability,  
and social responsibility worldwide.
We offer a variety of wellness initiatives that  
keep us moving forward. Across the globe we offer onsite and virtual health visits, yoga, 
Pilates, stretching, and more.
Culture
Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  13
 Our ValuesOur Values
Change Tomorrow, Together.
These values have been at Altair since the company was established  
and are in our DNA. Our four values fuel the way we innovate, the way we 
collaborate and problem solve, the way we communicate effectively, and the 
way embrace diversity. We don’t just talk about our values, we live them.
ENVISION THE FUTURE 
We follow a long-term vision that transforms markets and creates new opportunities for a sustainable future without boundaries.
 
COMMUNICATE HONESTLY AND BROADLY 
We share information transparently to ensure broad awareness, 
engagement, and collaboration. We believe sharing knowledge  
is crucial for solving problems and fostering innovation.

Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  14
SEEK TECHNOLOGY AND BUSINESS “FIRSTS” 
We solve our customers’ challenges by being “first” to deliver cutting-edge 
technology and business solutions fueled by our innovation, market 
strategy, and talent.
EMBRACE DIVERSITY AND TAKE RISKS 
Our employees’ diverse perspectives and experiences are a competitive 
advantage for us, and help us innovate, problem-solve, and achieve  
endless possibilities.
Our Values
Altair makes great products, but it is really the people 
that make Altair such a rewarding place to work.  
Their drive to solve the most challenging of problems  
is really inspiring. I’m always learning something new  
from the many creative and talented folks at Altair. 
 
Greg Delbridge, Technical Director, Altair Canada 

Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  15
Diversity and Inclusion
Diverse Culture Fosters Innovation
At Altair, we don’t just talk about diversity, we aggressively work to  
achieve it. I don’t just mean gender diversity, but religious, ethnic, and  cultural diversity. Since we founded Altair 34 years ago, I have worked alongside many leaders at Altair to create environments where smart  people from all walks of life can respectfully exchange ideas  and inspiration. A place where “a-ha” moments are born.”
Jim Scapa, CEOAt Altair, we recruit top talent and invest in our global workforce to fuel diversity, professional  
and personal growth, and innovation. With more than 3,000+ employees our retention rate  
is well beyond the industry standard, and a testament to our engaging, inclusive culture.
Diversity and Inclusion3,000+
Employees
2%
EMEA Workforce  
Covered by WC8+ years
Average Tenure of  
Current Workforce25
Countries
50
Nationalities75+
Languages  Spoken
Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  16
Employee Resource Groups
We Believe that Empowering Each Individual  
Authentic Voice Encourages an Entrepreneurial Mindset
ALTAIR BLACK EMPLOYEE RESOURCE NETWORK (ABERN)
The strength of the Altair brand and corporate culture is firmly rooted in diversity and inclusion.  
Altair’s history demonstrates a belief that empowering each individual authentic voice reinforces  
a culture that thrives because of the uniqueness among our team. ABERN is committed to actively 
engaging Altairians to support this goal.From day one, diverse backgrounds and experiences have been essential to our long-term success and growth. We strive to create 
a comfortable and safe working environment 
for all people, regardless of gender, ethnicity, religion, age, political affiliation, sexual 
orientation, or disability.
Together we are on a path to make a 
difference. Our employees take their work 
seriously, and put their hearts and souls into developing unique, game-changing solutions 
that improve our world.
Employee Resource Groups
Launched ABERN Book Club to Promote 
Open-ended Culture Discussions
Logged 130+
hours of discussions among Altairians  
around the globe. ABERN’s founding members.
Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  17
ALTAIR WOMEN IN TECHNOLOGY (W iT)
Altair WiT was established to develop and empower women in technology, with an emphasis on 
women at Altair. The unique perspectives, ideas, and experiences that women bring to Altair help 
to establish a more diverse and inclusive workforce and ultimately thrive as one united, global 
team working every day to impact our world one customer at a time.Altair gave me the opportunity  
to work with a global team of  
more than 100 engineers operating  
from ten global offices. As the  
VP of Altair’s Enterprise Solutions 
Group, we strive to make work  
more efficient by automating  
and optimizing workflows, and by tailoring solutions to our customers’ individual needs.” 
Karin Hirschberger, VP Enterprise Solution Group
Employee Resource Groups20%
OF EMPLOYEES 
ARE WOMEN33%
FEMALE CEO 
DIRECT REPORTS29%
WOMEN ON  
ALTAIR’S BOARD  
OF DIRECTORS 
28%
OF EXTERNAL 
HIRING ARE  
WOMEN30%
OF INTERNS  
ARE WOMEN
Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  18
Innovators of Tomorrow
Internship Program
Altair’s internship program is founded on three pillars: Technical, Professional, 
and Social. Because of this, Altair offers a cutting-edge internship program  
that fosters innovation, teaches leadership, and instills a passion for making  
a difference. 1 in 3
Students are  
Female
100%
Intern Satisfaction14
Countries Globally
75
Global Universities Represented
Employee Resource Groups
I got the chance to assimilate trends in software 
development while interacting with customers and 
consulting with internal teams. There are no limits  to learning and showcasing your talent at Altair.”
Vibor Rajput, 2020 Intern
Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  19
Community Involvement 
Partnerships that Promote Our Commitment to Our Communities
Community InvolvementPartnerships in U.S.
• AnitaB.org
• Data Science for All (DS4A)/Empowerment
• Detroit Area Pre-College Engineering 
Program (DAPCEP)
• FIRST Robotics Competition
• Michigan Council of Women in Technology (MCWT)
• National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE)
• Society of Women Engineers  Partnerships in EMEA
• Cash for Kids
• Deutsche Krebshilfe
• Mind
• Rädda Barnen
• Refuge
• Round Table 182 Tubingen
• Save the Children
• Managers Without Borders
• The Trussell Trust
• unicef
• Wasser Stiftung Water Foundation
• Wings for Life World Run Partnerships in APAC
• Green Umbrella Children’s Foundation 
• IIT Madras
• Karnataka State Council for Child Welfare
• Parikrma Humanity Foundation
• SayTreesAltair is proud to support and embrace the missions of these amazing organizations:
Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  20
Professional Development 
Altair’s Culture Promotes Professional and Personal Growth
FREEDOM TO DISCOVER & GROW
• Opportunity to explore technical trends  
and breakthrough technologies
• Collaboration with universities in adopting  our technologies through joint research  
and innovative projects
• Cadence of performance reviews, global 
mobility, global talent reviews, and mentoring
 PROMOTE PERSONAL WELLBEING
• Healthcare: medical, dental, vision, 
prescription, disability, insurance
• Family support benefits: flexible work environment, parental leave, holiday  and vacation programs
• Wellness: employee assistance programs, onsite clinic, fitness facilities, yoga/meditation/Pilates programs, community involvement, charitable donation matching
• Financial wellbeing: employee stock purchase program, pension retirement plans, financial planning and training, discount program,  
and tuition reimbursementINTERNAL TRAINING OF  
OUR TECHNOLOGIES
• Altair technology and product suite training
• Leadership and team competency training
• Sales training on customer care and enterprise 
sales skills

Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  21
Our Culture Fuels Innovation 
Investing in our World-Class Workforce Drives Us Forward
Our strongest assets are our 3,000+ global 
innovators, scientists and creative thinkers. 
At Altair, we put our heart and soul into 
developing unique, game-changing solutions that solve our customers’ toughest challenges. 
We are on a path to improve our world, our 
future, and to make a difference.
Our human capital strategy focuses on recruiting 
the best and brightest, rewarding and celebrating success, and retaining top talent. “Altair has an open culture with 
broad communication and high 
collaboration. I was impressed from the beginning that every colleague was helpful at any time worldwide. I believe we are one of the most innovative companies and are ready for the future. If there is a problem we solve it quickly and proactively.”
 Altair Emplo yee, Germany
Professional Development72%
TECHNICAL 
EMPLOYEES
6%
TURNOVER  
RATE14%
WOMEN IN TECH
Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  22
All About the People
Priorities in the Chaos of COVID-19
Just two weeks into my new role as chief people 
officer, I found myself mobilizing a team to 
live up to my new title – to guide and protect 
our global team during an unprecedented pandemic. Talk about a quick and steep 
onboarding. When engulfed in a crisis, you 
get to experience the true DNA of a company. Today, I am overwhelmed and humbled at how 
our community of customers, partners, and 
employees have come together.
Envisioning the future has served as our true 
north. Instead of focusing on short-term gains, we rejected rash decisions and continued to offer 
innovations around new ways to work, partnered 
with customers, and collaborated as one global team. As a result, our global workforce has 
remained productive, engaged, and optimistic 
about the future.Communicating honestly and broadly has been another important element. In assessing the risks 
of COVID-19, our CEO Jim Scapa acted without 
hesitation to deploy a work-from-home strategy to ensure our employees across 86 offices in 25 
countries remained safe and connected. He was 
ahead of the curve in taking drastic measures  to keep our team healthy and safe.
Today, our global workforce 
continues to come together to support each other in countless ways, whether it’s our internal medical team offering virtual  health and wellness programs...  
All About the PeopleGilma Saravia, Chief People Officer

Practices Overview People Products Planet
People: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  23
...(like Pilates, meditation, mental 
health tips, and information sessions by medical professionals to educate and answer questions about COVID-19) or individual Altairians organically sharing healthy recipes and activities for children and families.” 
 
And I am proud to say that one of our regional 
offices was even able to procure masksfor all Altairians and their families.We are already thinking about what is next,  
and of course, we will continue to adhere to  
local governmental and regulatory guidelines.
Right now, we are preparing for a safe and 
responsible return to all our offices around the world. Part of the strategy includes holding site 
training so employees are comfortable and aware 
of new health and safety protocols that will  be implemented.
We are also planning to allow employees to 
continue to work from home, knowing they  
will always have an office they can return  
to when needed.97% 
COVID-19 Response Satisfaction
97% 
Leadership Action in Response to COVID-19
All About the People
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  24
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  25
Our Technology
Our software technology and consulting 
services are key to designing a healthier  
and more sustainable future for humanity. 
Our efforts:
• Enable structural optimization that inspires 
and refines product designs that minimize 
material usage and maximize performance
• Conduct HPC workload management that 
ensures energy usage and run time efficiency
• Utilize simulation-driven innovation to rapidly develop products, processes, and 
experiences in a virtual world without the 
carbon and waste stream impact of multiple physical prototypes
• Employ additive manufacturing and other advanced manufacturing techniques to embody 
the most optimal designs developed from 
simulation methodologies at the lowest cost   
 • Offer cloud-based applications which allow 
multiple organizations to use efficiently 
scaled shared infrastructure, thus eliminating 
countless independent compute server installations and giving access to a broad range 
of applications relevant to sustainable design
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
Altair® OptiStruct® usage increased tenfold 
between 2013 and 2020. As the world’s leading 
tool for material optimization and weight 
reduction, this continuing trend bodes well  for targeted reductions of material usage,  
fuel consumption, and CO2 emissions.
  We believe OptiStruct is responsible for 
reducing many millions of tons of CO2 
emissions, and we look forward to accelerating this positive impact with continued growth  
in optimization technology applications by 
our customers.
Our Technology

Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  26
The International Energy Agency (IEA)
recently published two significant reports.  
The first, from March 2019, is “Material Efficiency 
in Clean Energy Transitions1.” The second, from 
June 2021, is “Net Zero by 2050 – A Roadmap 
for the Global Energy Sector2.” Altair is aligned 
with the goals and milestones set by the IEA, an intergovernmental agency formed by the 
Organization for Economic Co-operation  and Development (OECD).
The IEA makes several things clear, including:
• There is much work to do to achieve  
a net-zero carbon footprint by 2050
• Materials efficiency plays a key role in this transition across industries and technologies
Our Technology1 March 2019. Material Efficiency in Clean Energy Transitions. IEA Publications. 
https:/ /iea.blob.core.windows.net/assets/52cb5782-b6ed-4757-809f-928fd6c3384d/
Material_Efficiency_in_Clean_Energy_Transitions.pdf
2 June 2021. Net Zero by 2050. A Roadmap for the Global Energy Sector. IEA 
Publications. https:/ /iea.blob.core.windows.net/assets/beceb956-0dcf-4d73-89fe-1310e3046d68/NetZeroby2050-ARoadmapfortheGlobalEnergySector_CORR.pdf
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  27
 Our TechnologySustainability Goal Reduced Material 
UsageRenewable Energy Electrification 
and Advanced 
CommunicationsWaste Stream 
ReductionReduced Fuel  Consumption
International 
Energy Agency 
(IEA) TargetPursuing material 
efficiency strategies  
to their practical limit in 
the Material Efficiency variant reduces steel use by an additional 15% and 
cement use by another 
17% in 2060.Carbon emissions Net Zero by 2050.Almost 30% of the 170 Gt CO2 cumulative emissions 
reductions from the use of 
low emissions electricity in the NZE comes from technologies that are
currently at prototype 
or demonstration stage, such as electricity based primary steel production 
or electric trucks.The goal also aims to 
substantially reduce 
waste generation through 
prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse.A general rule is  that a 6-7% reduction  
in specific fuel 
consumption can be achieved for each 10% reduction in vehicle kerb 
weight.
Altair Products Altair® OptiStruct®, 
Altair® Radioss®, Altair® 
HyperMesh®, Altair 
SimSolid®, Altair® SimLab®, Altair® DesignAI™, Altair® EDEM™Altair® OptiStruct®, Altair® Radioss®, Altair® 
HyperMesh®, Altair 
SimSolid®, Altair® SimLab®, Altair® DesignAI™, Altair® AcuSolve®, Altair® 
ultraFluidX®Altair® Feko®, Altair® 
Flux®, Altair FluxMotor®, 
Altair Compose®, Altair 
Activate®, Altair Embed®, Altair® Pollex™Altair® SmartWorks™, Altair® Knowledge Studio®, 
Altair® Monarch®,  
Altair® Panopticon™Altair® OptiStruct®, 
Altair® Radioss®, Altair® 
HyperMesh®, Altair 
SimSolid®, Altair® SimLab®, Altair® DesignAI™, Altair® AcuSolve®, Altair® 
ultraFluidX®
Altair Solutions Structural Analysis and 
OptimizationStructural Analysis, Optimization, and CFDElectromagnetics, Electronic System Design, 
and Systems Modeling  AI, Data Analytics,  
Data Streaming,  
and VisualizationStructural Analysis, 
Optimization, and CFDALTAIR CSR PRODUCTS
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  28
 Our TechnologySOM Achieves Sustainability Objectives  
Through Innovative Design
Designers and engineers at Skidmore, Owings 
& Merrill (SOM) are considerate of the materials 
they use in projects and aim to create designs that use fewer materials so they can reduce cost 
and environmental footprint. With this in mind,  
a perfect addition to enhance their design 
workflow was Altair® OptiStruct®.
The structural design specialists at SOM used 
OptiStruct to generate an ideal project plan that considered sustainable regulations and manufacturing constraints. With this unique design, SOM was able to minimize the weightof the building and use fewer materials, reducing cost for both the client and contractor. Specifically, the SOM team reduced the steel needed by 10 percent while improving the global 
performance of the structural system.
The building received LEED® Platinum certification 
and reached the GSA’s 2020 energy objective. It has also won more than 35 awards for its creative 
and timeless design.
Read the full customer story here .

Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  29
 Research and DevelopmentResearch and Development
R&D Propels Altair Forward
Our R&D efforts enhance the functionality, breadth, and scalability of our software, address new use 
cases, and develop additional innovative simulation technologies. Timely development of new products 
maintains our competitive position, and we release new versions of our software on a regular basis.
Customer feedback, combined with our roadmap, allows us to deliver long-term value and stay  
ahead of market trends. The majority of the product enhancements and new capabilities added  
to our offerings over the years have been developed internally, with acquisitions used to augment  our capabilities with strategic technology.
Our R&D initiatives foster a culture of innovation within the organization, helping us attract and retain a 
highly motivated team. Altair’s research and development team consists of approximately 1,200 people 
worldwide. We maintain research and development centers with specific technical expertise in several 
regions throughout the Americas, Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa.
 
$126M
Spent in 2020
27% 
of Revenues on R&D
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  30
Our Customers’ Use of Our Technology
Schiebel Group
Our Customers’ Use of Our TechnologyFLY HIGH WITH OPTIMIZATION
Optimizing Camcopter® S-100 Design at Schiebel with Altair Solutions
“Altair solutions helped us create a topologically optimized engine part for 
our CAMCOPTER S-100 and an efficient design that meets all demands. Using 
simulation enabled us to leverage the full potential of additive manufacturing 
and allowed us to accelerate our time to market. Thanks to Altair’s technology expertise and support, we are able to realize significant time and cost savings 
and offer our customers exceptional cost-benefit ratio.”
Dominik Kohl, head of additive manufacturing, Schiebel Group
Read full case study here.
50% 
Weight Reduction15% 
Cost Savings

Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  31
Our Customers’ Use of Our Technology
Our Customers’ Use of Our Technology“To us, Altair SimSolid means efficiency. 
While the software quickly provides accurate 
simulation and optimization in one step it 
does not require any expert knowledge. No expertise in analysis is necessary and especially 
no meshing is required. Also, SimSolid helps 
our designer to shape chassis components with confidence based on the SimSolid simulation.”
Anthony Reullier, Digital Simulation  
Specialist and CAE Leader, Renault
“PollEx PCB verification solution was initially 
adopted to reduce manufacturing defects and human errors of engineers, and thanks to it we 
could significantly reduce development and 
manufacturing costs.” 
JungWon Lee, Chief Researcher, Samsung SDI “Altair’s license-first approach to scheduling 
enabled Annapurna Labs to enhance its 
resource management. It not only gave us  
more control over resource usage and cost,  
we dramatically improved productivity and time-to-product through the Continuous-
Integration development flow.” 
Nafea Bshara, Annapurna Labs
“Radioss clearly represents an alternative  
crash analysis process with compelling benefits. 
It will help accelerate research and development 
process at NIAR, and significantly shorten design cycle time in the aerospace industry. 
Radioss performs brilliantly on Oracle’s high 
performance cloud infrastructure.”
Rafael Leite, Research Associate, National 
Institute for Aviation Research, NIARThe adoption of Inspire and 
SimSolid in our workflow has been transformational. We could reduce the entire design cycle of 40% and realize three validation analyses in less than 90 minutes, allowing us to design lighter and safer support structures. Thanks to Altair’s solutions, we could quickly find the optimal design layout for our NINFA models with Inspire and then verify the rationalized geometry with SimSolid. In addition, we can leverage SimSolid for the nonlinear analyses for our complex structural assembly of more than 1000 parts.” 
Gabriele Romagnoli, Head of Structural 
Engineering, Farone
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  32
Our Customers’ Use of Our Technology
Etteplan
Our Customers’ Use of Our TechnologyBETTER PRESS TOOLS WITH ADDITIVE MANUFACTURING
Innovative Design, Less Material and Guaranteed Successful Manufacture
“Etteplan’s AM press tool met Wärtsilä’s objectives with its fast turn-round, 
cost, and the fact it reduced material waste with its self-supporting design. 
Our team of talented experts, armed with Altair’s integrated design and 
analysis tools, used topology optimization and Amphyon’s print process simulation to come up with a print-ready design in 1 week.”
Erin Koml, AM Specialist, EtteplanRead the full customer story here.

Practices Overview People Products Planet
Products: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  33
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Planet
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Planet: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  34
Altair Enlighten Award
Dedicated to Lightweighting and Sustainability
Altair Enlighten AwardThe Altair Enlighten Award is the automotive 
industry’s only award dedicated to lightweighting 
and sustainability. Established in 2013 with the 
Center for Automotive Research, it was created to highlight innovations in vehicle lightweighting.
The Altair Enlighten Award honors the greatest 
sustainability and lightweighting advancements 
that commit to reducing the carbon footprint, 
mitigating water and energy consumption, as well as successful efforts in material reuse 
and recycling. Sparking interest from industry, 
engineering, policymakers, educators, students, and the public alike, this annual award showcases 
the latest technology innovations dedicated  
to sustainability.• Sustainable Product – Emissions, lightweighting, and safety advances in a 
production vehicle or major system module
• Sustainable Process – Material reuse / 
recycling and water conservation advances  
in manufacturing
• Module Lightweighting – Mass reduction of  
a vehicle module, subsystem, or component
• Lightweighting Enabling Technology – Technology advancement that enables 
vehicle lightweighting, including a material, 
production process, design method,  
or joining technology
• Future of Lightweighting – Process, material, or technology not in production, but has 
significant potential to advance vehicle 
lightweightingSustainable Product
Module  
Lightweighting
Future of  
LightweightingSustainable Process
Lightweighting  
Enabling Technology
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Planet: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  35
Altair Enlighten Award
Customer Successes
Altair Enlighten Award“We are immensely proud of the work we did  
on the one-of-a-kind Jeep Wrangler. We are also 
grateful to Altair for recognizing engineering 
achievement, in general. Thoughtful, disciplined engineering unlocks innovation. And innovation 
moves the world forward.” 
Rob Wichman, Interim, Head of Product 
Development, FCA North America
“I really like it (the Enlighten Award).  
We are a small company compared to the  
mega companies, and also the OEMs - for us it’s a big effect on the marketing side - to get our 
technologies, and capablities in the discussion, 
and the way we think in our company.” 
Dr. Stefan Herrmann, csi Group“We’re very honored to receive the (Enlighten) 
Award from Altair because we used many of 
Altair’s analytical products to deliver this  
thing quickly. We developed our software  
using Altair Embed, we use many of their  
other packages to engineer those parts  
before we build the prototypes.”
Craig Renneker, Vice President, Driveline  
Product Engineering, American Axle  
and Manufacturing (AAM)  
In reference to their 2021 winning entry  
AAM Next Generation Electric Drive
Hear more from the Enlighten Award 
Winners on sustainability
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Planet: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  36
As a leading technology company, our vision is 
to improve the way the world works and people 
live. Developing intelligent building management 
solutions, as well as attainable and user-friendly LED lighting, drives us forward. We strive to 
develop the future of smart building technology 
and bring it to market.
TOGGLED
Toggled® products can save businesses and 
homeowners between 40 percent – 70 percent 
on monthly energy costs compared to traditional 
fluorescent systems. Rated for 50,000 hours and backed by a best-in-class warranty, the lifespan 
of Toggled LED tubes is 16 years vs. eight with 
the average fluorescent tube. Also, no Toggled products contain mercury, unlike traditional 
fluorescent products.Toggled
Intelligent Building Management Solutions
Toggled
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Planet: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  37
 ToggledTOGGLED IQ
Leveraging the design and engineering
strength of parent company Altair, Toggled iQ® is 
dedicated to improving the way the world works 
and how people live. Developing attainable and 
user-friendly intelligent building advancements is 
a driving force in bringing next-generation smart 
technology to market.
Starting with lighting, Toggled iQ has become 
a complete building ecosystem. Now you can 
control, monitor, and improve a building’s 
environment with high-end electronics  
and cutting-edge software.
Toggled’s expertise in lighting technology, 
multidisciplinary systems-level thinking, and our 
deep understanding of the IoT value chain – from 
product design and data visualization to AI and 
machine learning – has produced an intelligent, 
holistic, intelligent building solution.
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Planet: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  38
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Practices
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Practices: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  39
Data Security and Data Privacy
Altair’s Privacy Policy can be found here:  
www.altair.com/privacy-policy.  
The introduction to our Privacy Policy reads  
as follows: This Privacy Policy describes how Altair Engineering, Inc. collects and uses 
Personal Information about you through the use 
of our websites and our products and services.
Altair Engineering, Inc., its subsidiaries,  
and affiliates (“Altair” or “We”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting  
it through our compliance with this policy.
This Privacy Policy (our “Privacy Policy”) 
describes the types of information we may 
collect from you or that you may provide when you use our remotely accessed software or 
when you visit our websites, including, but not 
limited to www.altair.com, www.altairenlighten.com, www.altairhyperworks.com, insider.
altairhyperworks.com, www.pbsworks.com,  www.solidthinking.com, login.solidthinking.com, blog.altair.com, 365.altair.com, www.toggled.com, connect.altair.com, www.altairsmartworks.com, 
www.altairuniversity.com, www.pbs.org,  
www.pbscloud.io , www.openmatrix.org, 
www.altairatc.com, www.efatigue.com and  
other websites owned or operated by Altair, 
including local websites in your country, such  as www.altair.it, www.altair.de , and www.altair.
se (collectively, our “websites”) or provide us information at a trade show, marketing event, or through an agreement entered into between 
Altair and you and/or your employer and our 
practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
 
This policy applies to information we collect: on our websites, including but not limited to 
comments and forums on our websites; in email, 
text, and other electronic messages between you and Altair, including on or through our websites;
that you provide at marketing, trade shows, 
training registrations, and other similar events; and that you or your employer provides as part of an agreement between you or your employer 
and Altair for our products and services.
It does not apply to information collected by: any 
third party, including through any application or 
content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the websites.
Please read this policy carefully to understand 
our policies and practices regarding your 
information and how we will treat it. If you do 
not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our websites or our products 
and services. By accessing or using our websites, 
you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see 
Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued 
use of our websites or our products and services after we make changes is deemed to be 
acceptance of those changes, so please check 
this Privacy Policy periodically for updates. 
 Data Security and Data Privacy
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Practices: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  40
Business Ethics and Integrity
Altair’s Code of Conduct is posted here. 
Its introduction reads as follows:
This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “Code”) is designed to deter wrongdoingand to promote:
• Honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships;
• Full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents we file with or submit to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and in our other public communications;
• Compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations;
• The prompt internal reporting of violations of this Code; and
• Accountability for adherence to this Code. 
This Code applies to all directors, officers and employees of Altair Engineering Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Altair”), who, unless otherwise specified, will be referred to jointly as employees. Agents and contractors of Altair are also expected to read, understand and abide by this Code.
 Business Ethics and Integrity

Practices Overview People Products Planet
Practices: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  41
Altair’s Code of Conduct, available here, includes the following statements regarding Human Rights:
SELECTING SUPPLIERS
Altair’s policy is to select suppliers based on the merits of their products, services, and business 
practices and to purchase supplies based on need, quality, service, price, and other terms and 
conditions of sale. Altair does not establish a business relationship with any supplier if we know  
that its business practices violate applicable laws.
Altair believes that it has a role in promoting sustainable practices, and as such encourages supplier 
selection to consider supplier commitment to health, safety, and sustainability issues including air quality, child labor and young workers, energy consumption and greenhouse emissions, forced or 
compulsory labor and human trafficking, human rights, natural resources management and waste 
reduction, responsible chemical management, wages and benefits, water quality and consumption,  and working conditions.
 Human Rights PolicyHuman Rights Policy

Practices Overview People Products Planet
Practices: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  42
Altair is committed to and capable of continuing 
to provide the same excellent level of service 
and technical support to which customers have 
become accustomed. Our team is comfortable and familiar with remote work, as it is a normal 
part of our everyday life.
Our systems are fortified to provide the highest level 
of technical support and service for customers, and 
our IT team is always responsive and focused on ensuring Altairians globally have the connectivity 
and access to do their jobs from anywhere. 
To address issues related to remote working such 
as maxing out corporate VPNs, cost, security 
issues, and productivity loss, customers can move existing licenses seamlessly from on-prem 
servers to hosted servers utilizing Altair Hosted 
HyperWorks Units (HHWUs). HHWUs are an existing Altair solution used by many customers 
globally for several years, proven to be safe, 
robust, and provides the following benefits:• Enable employees to work from anywhere without overloading corporate VPN servers or 
drilling a hole into the firewall for license access
• Data remains secure with prevailing security 
policies on the device of choice as the 
software is only requesting a license on  
a secure network channel
• Reduce IT overhead of maintaining  on-premises license servers (reduced  
cost of hardware) and supporting them
• Ease of access and execution of Altair 
software from anywhere/everywhere  
and on public cloud infrastructure
Link to full article here.COVID-19 Response
 Covid-19 Responses

Practices Overview People Products Planet
Practices: 
Altair Sustainability Report  /  43
Appendix
Practices Overview People Products Planet
Altair Sustainability Report  /  44Altair Sustainability Report  /  44ALTAIR BY THE NUMBERS
*Altair Numbers as of December 31, 2020General • Total Employees (excludes temp, contractors, students)
• Countries
• Offices/Locations
• Technical Employees
• Total Hires
• Early Career Hires
• Average Tenure of Current Workforce (excludes temp employees)
• Average Tenure of Voluntary Attrition (excludes temp employees)• 3,000+
• 25
• 86 offices
• 72%
• 194
• 33%
• 8.1 years
• 5 years
Turnover • Voluntary Turnover Rate
• Total Turnover Rate• 4%
• 6%
Diversity Gender • Percentage of Women
• Percentage of Women in Tech
• Women Reporting Directly to CEO
• Women Serving on Board of Directors
• Intern Women Percentage
• External Percentage of Hiring that are Women• 20%
• 14%
• 33%
• 29%
• 30%
• 28%
Other Diversity 
Measures• Diversity of Direct Reports to CEO
• Diversity in Directors Serving on Board• 16%
• 34%
Work Council/Union Rep • EMEA Workforce Covered by Works Council or Other Collective Bargaining Agreement • 2%
COVID-19 Response • COVID-19 Response Satisfaction
• Leadership Action in Response to COVID-19• 97%
• 97%
Appendix
#ONLYFORWARD © Altair Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  /  altair.com  /  Nasdaq: ALTR 
