AMNEAL 
INAUGURAL  
CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY 
REPORT
2020We make healthy possible®
PUBLISHED NOVEMBER 2021
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020  2At Amneal, we are guided by a deep sense of purpose: We make healthy possible. To us, 
“healthy” not only represents our commitment to producing quality, accessible generic 
and specialty medicines, but also to elevating our people and our communities, striving 
for leadership in social and environmental stewardship and delivering meaningful value 
for all who depend on us.
Our purpose is driven by the hands and minds of more than 6,000 talented, passionate 
members of our growing Amneal family. Family is not a buzz word here, but rather a vein 
of our culture that unites, inspires, gives back and succeeds. Amneal was founded in 
2002 on family values, and despite our rapid and sustained growth, these characteristics 
remain central to who we are and what we do.
What we do is deliver innovation and impact. In fact, it was in 2002, in a pharmacy, where 
passion and purpose collided to serve as the catalyst for Amneal’s formation. It was 
there that Chintu, a pharmacist at the time, observed customers not able to pay for their 
prescriptions because access to generics was limited. It was then that our family decided 
to establish Amneal together and direct its focus on providing accessible 
generic medicines. Since then, we have grown our team, our portfolio of 
innovative and affordable medicines, and our impact on the world.
Today, our Amneal family is stronger than ever, our 
capabilities more impressive than ever, our devotion 
to patients and communities truer than ever and our 
commitment to corporate stewardship more alive than 
ever. To help showcase our impact across these areas, 
we’re very proud to introduce our first Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) report upon which we 
intend to build in the future.
Our people, neighbors and communities around 
the world today face unprecedented social and 
environmental challenges. We embrace our role in 
directing Amneal strategies and resources to be part of a 
global community working together to collectively address these 
challenges. So, as we set our course for Amneal’s 2.0 growth vision, 
we’re proud that environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors are not 
only a central part of our corporate strategy, but also embedded in our culture. 
A message from our co-CEOs
 3
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Together, we’re pursuing a future for Amneal that is focused on what matters 
most: responsibly helping patients live better lives through access to high-quality, 
accessible medications. 
We’re driving that noble vision by strengthening the talent, diversity and capabilities of 
our employee family and Board of Directors. We’re deepening our portfolio of innovative 
Specialty products focused on Central Nervous System/Movement Disorders and 
Endocrinology to help address unmet therapeutic needs. We’re directing our vast R&D 
capabilities to create more affordable generics of complex products that help more 
patients access their medicines. We’re focused on driving efficiencies across our global 
facilities and supply chain that minimize our consumption of natural resources. And 
we’re enhancing our support for social advocacy, therapeutic communities, employee 
volunteerism and philanthropic partnerships.
Over our nearly 20-year heritage, we’re proud of the impact we’ve delivered and the 
lives we’ve enhanced. But we’re even more energized about the future we believe is 
possible for Amneal, our family of employees, our neighbors and the world. Through 
this substantial milestone – the formalization of our commitment to ESG and integration 
within our Amneal 2.0 strategic roadmap – we are confident that we can make even more 
meaningful and lasting contributions to the world. 
On behalf of our more than 6,000 employee family members, thank you for your support 
and interest in our company and actions. We look forward to building on this moment 
and momentum.
Sincerely,
Chirag & Chintu Patel
Amneal Co-CEOs

 4 Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020OUR COMPANY 5
Our Mission 6
Amneal at a Glance 7
Response to COVID-19 9
Commitment to Sustainability 9
 
OUR PEOPLE 10
Rise, Lead, Succeed Culture 11 
Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 13 
Employee Wellbeing 14 
Recruitment, Training and Development 16
 
OUR PRODUCTS 20
Product Suite 21 
Product Quality and Safety Programs 24 
Access to Healthcare 29
 
OUR GOVERNANCE  33
Corporate Compliance Program 34 
The Board’s Role in Risk Oversight 36
 
OUR PLANET  38
Environmental Health and Safety 39 
Environmental Stewardship 40
 
OUR IMPACT 42
Social Responsibility 43 
Community Impact 44TABLE OF CONTENTS
1
2
3
4
5
6
 5
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
OUR  
COMPANY
 6
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Amneal was founded in 2002 by brothers Chirag and Chintu Patel on a deep-seeded passion to help 
patients gain access to essential medicines. After witnessing firsthand, the difficult financial decisions 
pharmacy customers often had to make between food or medicine, the brothers built a family-run 
start-up focused on selling retail-based generics products. 
While Amneal has transformed from that family-run start-up into a global, vertically integrated, generic 
and specialty pharmaceuticals company, we remain true to the original principles that have guided 
our success for nearly two decades. 
Our steadfast focus on access and affordability endures 
- as do our deeply-rooted family values of ethics and 
integrity. Together, these characteristics are central to 
our culture, our operations, our mission and our future.
Our Purpose and Commitments
Today, we provide over 6,000 jobs globally. Our people are passionately focused on delivering  
access to high-quality, essential medicines in the United States as well as a growing number of 
international markets.
Whether delivering affordable medicines through our generics business, meeting important niche 
medical needs through our specialty branded business, expanding into the federal healthcare sector or 
partnering with doctors, customers and other stakeholders to provide solutions for tomorrow’s health 
challenges, we’re more determined than ever to execute our mission – We make healthy possible… 
for our family and for yours.Our Mission
Exacting standards
We set a high bar for our products, 
pipeline, operations and service— 
applying precision and rigor to exceed 
expectations and reliably execute in 
everything we do… because patients’ 
lives depend on it.Our Commitments in Action
Real progress
We are dedicated to accelerating 
innovation - motivated to pioneer 
quicker, smarter and more 
affordable ways to improve real 
lives… because there can always 
be a better way.Genuine partnership
We are committed to working 
respectfully, collaboratively and 
dynamically with our colleagues, 
customers, partners and 
communities…because together 
we can do more to improve health.
We make  
healthy possible… 
for our family and 
for yours
 7
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Amneal at a Glance*
COMPANY FOUNDING TOTAL EMPLOYEES
GENERIC PRODUCTS KEY SPECIAL TY PRODUCTS
GENERICS PIPELINE SPECIAL TY PIPELINE
BIOSIMILARS PIPELINE MANUFACTURING CAPACITYOUR PORTFOLIO FOCUS
2002
~250+
Among 
Industry’s 
Largest
Billion units~204
IPX-203
 K-127
K-114
K-128
Products filed3~6,000Generics
BiosimilarsSpecialty
ProductsOUR COMPANY VITALS ARE STRONG
*Data as of April 5, 2021
 8
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020BRIDGEWATER NJHeadquarters,
Specialty/Complex R&DPISCATAWAYNJOral Solids, Topicals, Transdermals,
 High Potency and Hormonal Products
BRANCHBURGNJOral Liquid Products,
Nasal Sprays
HAUPPAUGENYOral SolidsCASHEL  IRELANDInhalation
AHMEDABAD  INDIA4 Facilities: 
2 Oral Solids, 2 Injectables 
DAHEJ  INDIAActive Pharmaceutical
Ingredients (API)VIZAG  INDIAActive Pharmaceutical
Ingredients (API)
HYDERABAD  INDIAOncology 
BROOKHAVENNYOral Solids, Soft Gel,
High Potency and Hormonal ProductsGLASGOWKYSales Operations,
Distribution
EAST HANOVERNJPrimary
Packaging
ORAL SOLIDS & LIQUIDS
TRANSDERMALS RESPIRATORY
STRATEGICALLY-LOCATED FOOTPRINTBROAD CAPABILITIES ACROSS DOSAGE FORMS*
DEVICES
• RingTOPICALS INJECTABLES & STERILE
• General Injectables
• Oncology Injectables
• Ophthalmics
• Otics• Peptides
• Microspheres
• Liposomes
• Hormonals• IR/ER tablets
• Hard Gelatin  
  Capsules
• Softgel Capsules• Hormonals
• Controlled  
  Substances
• Suspensions/Solutions• Gels
• Creams
• Ointments & Devices
• Hormonals
• Matrix
• Hydrogel• Form Fill Seal
• Hormonals• Metered Dose
• Dry Powder• Nasal Spray Pumps
• BFS Inhalation
*All information is presented as of September 30, 2021
 9
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
The importance of our mission was amplified during the COVID-19 pandemic, 
when Amneal was designated an essential business.
To ensure the health and safety of both our employees and patients, we mobilized 
a strategic task force of top leaders to guide our COVID-19 preparedness & 
response. We immediately prioritized employee health, safety, and wellbeing 
through quick and diligent planning, the implementation of extensive health 
and safety protocols aligned with CDC and WHO guidelines, enhanced employee 
benefits, and remote/alternate work arrangements where possible. 
An example of our enhanced employee benefits in the U.S. included daily appreciation bonuses for on-
site colleagues, encouraging colleagues aged 65+ to remain at home while receiving continuous pay and 
benefits and organizing events for employees to receive access to vaccinations. For our colleagues in India, 
we liaised with government authorities to ensure safe passage to and from work, implemented special leave 
for affected and quarantined employees and provided a goodwill incentive for on-site employees.
We began operating with firm commitments to social distancing, appropriate personal protective equipment 
(PPE) and rotational schedules. We also began conducting thermo-screenings at facility entrances and 
operating under well-defined universal cleaning protocols for prevention and mitigation.
Thanks to these efforts and the determination of our teams, our employees continue to safely deliver 
medicines for patients. We are extremely proud of our employees, our commitment to health and safety, and 
our ongoing contributions to the healthcare system. 
Learn more about how we mobilized for our communities throughout the COVID-19 pandemic here. 
Prioritizing sustainability is essential to keeping Amneal resilient and able to meet future challenges and 
opportunities effectively.
At the start of this year, we committed to building a formal ESG framework as one of our 2021 corporate 
goals, and we are pleased to introduce this inaugural Corporate Social Responsibility report as part of 
that larger commitment. 
Our ESG reporting is guided by our stakeholders and third-party standards. To guide our ESG programs 
and ongoing reporting, Amneal recently appointed a Director of ESG Programs and Reporting to lead the 
company’s efforts in developing, implementing, monitoring, and reporting on these related activities. 
We strive for clarity and transparency in all our communications and look forward to building on the 
initiatives outlined in this report as we further develop our practices and disclosures in the future.Our Response to COVID-19
Our Commitment to Long-Term 
Sustainable Value Creation

 10
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
OUR  
PEOPLE
 11
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Our Rise, Lead, Succeed culture is central to uniting our global team and serves as a dynamic 
framework for driving, celebrating and rewarding individual and team performance. Every day, we 
foster an environment that encourages colleagues to bring their best selves to work and be actively 
engaged, offer new ideas, and deliver real results. Permeating our culture and day-to-day business 
operations is a steadfast commitment to ethics and compliance, which is guided by our  
Code of Conduct and championed by our executive management team.
These three powerful actions define our Amneal culture and describe how we work when we’re at our 
best. And they inspire us to realize our full potential to make healthy possible.
• We unite as one family pursuing company, 
team and individual growth  
• We exercise confidence, creativity and 
passion to achieve our potential  
•  We continuously improve and welcome 
challenges as opportunities to get stronger• We work together to think outside the box 
and drive results  
•  We trust each other to act like owners, 
make decisions and take risks  
• We learn from our successes and failures 
and we share these lessons• We go the extra mile and deliver what we 
promise to be the best  
• We build genuine relationships that enable 
us to win together  
• We take pride in our commitment to 
quality, compliance, ethics and integrityRise, Lead, Succeed
Succeed Rise LeadSince our founding in 2002, we have focused on 
recruiting, empowering and rewarding employees 
who are passionately engaged in our mission to 
make healthy possible. 
We have always operated our company from a 
people-first mindset, recognizing that it is our people 
who generate ideas, drive innovation, operate 
sophisticated equipment and deliver success. 
 12
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020As of December 31, 2020, we had approximately 6,000 employees, of whom approximately 2,300 were located in the United States and approximately 3,700 
were located outside of the United States, primarily in India and Ireland. As a global employer, we hired a company-record 1,400+ employees in 2020, and 
global turnover was approximately 14%. Women represented 20% of our global workforce, and held 30% of leadership roles at the level of Director and 
above in the United States. Approximately 75% of our U.S. workforce identified as diverse which includes 40% of our U.S. leadership*.
*Leadership is defined at the level of Director and above
**Diverse talent is defined by EEO-1 categories for people who identify as Asian, Black or African American,  
   Hispanic or Latino, Native Hawaiian or Other, Pacific Islander, Two or More Races, and Other.Our Workforce at a Glance 
GLOBAL WORKFORCE
GENDER DIVERSITY IN THE GLOBAL WORKFORCE
GLOBAL UNITED STATES
Male Female UndisclosedINDIA IRELAND U.S. LEADERSHIP* BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS
GLOBAL EMPLOYEES 
BY DEPARTMENT 
U.S. DIVERSE TALENT**
Non-diverse talent Diverse talent
80.1% 60.5% 92.5% 52.1% 70.1% 90.0%7.5%19.9%
Manufacturing 
52.9%SG&A
12.2%R&D
12.3%GLOBAL EMPLOYEES BY AGE
Over 50
16% Under 30
27%
30 - 50
57%
U.S.U.S. Leadership*Quality
22.6%39.5% 45.8%2.1%
29.9% 10.0%
41.1% 58.9%
74.5% 25.5%
 13
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Amneal is committed to providing equal employment and treatment for all applicants and employees 
when hiring, promoting, and terminating employees, as well as other conditions of employment.  Our 
policies both mandate compliance with local employment laws and prohibit all forms of discrimination 
based on race, religion, sex/gender (including gender identity, gender expression, breast feeding, 
pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), marital status, registered domestic partner 
status, national origin, ancestry, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status, ability, genetic 
information, or any other basis protected by country, state, or local regulations. 
Diversity is essential to Amneal’s success. It starts 
at the top, with five out of ten of our executives 
identifying as diverse by race, ethnicity, or gender*, 
and permeates through the entire organization.
Our commitment to DEI begins with the recruitment process
We ensure our job postings are placed in a wide array of locations so they will be easy to find by 
candidates who may be diverse by race, ethnicity, gender, ability, sexual orientation or veterans’ 
status, among others. We supplement this outreach with the training we make available to our hiring 
managers to help them avoid unconscious bias. 
Another critical element of our diversity programs is our focus on carefully and tightly defining the 
criteria for each job opening so that we only include skills, achievements and other elements that are 
truly essential job functions. It has been discussed extensively in business periodicals and diversity 
literature that something as seemingly innocuous as a degree requirement for a job that doesn’t 
require that degree can be a significant deterrent to diverse candidates. 
Finally, we also use our well-designed human capital data collection and analysis function to see for 
ourselves how well we are supporting, retaining and enabling our people, including assessments 
viewed through racial, age, gender and other lenses. We track and analyze changes monthly as we 
steadily review our human capital practices. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
*Data as of September 2021
 14
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
Our people are the true drivers of our impact and success. Every day, we ask our colleagues to bring 
their best selves to work and be actively engaged, offer new ideas, and deliver real results. In exchange, 
we provide a Total Rewards program that we believe is industry competitive, robust and designed to 
attract and retain the best and brightest talent.
Total Rewards
At the heart of our Total Rewards commitment is a comprehensive, flexible and competitive benefits 
program that enables our employees to choose the plans and coverage that meet their personal 
needs.  Our approach to benefits includes offerings for both full-time and part-time* employees and 
encompasses numerous programs that protect work-life balance and whole-career evolving needs.  
Many of these are defined very broadly.  For example, our parental leave program covers adoptive and 
foster parents and provides significant flexibility in how to use it.
These robust programs, which vary by country, include basic and supplemental health (medical, 
dental, vision) and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, access to a 
personal health advocate, paid parental leave for birth, adoption or foster placement, short and 
long-term disability coverage, family leave, caregiver leave, bereavement leave, employee assistance 
programs, travel assistance, tuition reimbursement assistance and retirement savings plans. Employee Wellbeing
We share our 
success and reward 
achievement
* Part-time employees include those who are  
scheduled to work at least 24 hours per week
 15
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Total Rewards Continued 
Voluntary programs include supplemental life insurance for employees, spouses and children, 
accident insurance, hospital indemnity insurance, critical illness insurance and identity theft 
insurance. We also promote a work-life balance that helps our people enjoy their career alongside 
life’s many other commitments and opportunities.
As a company created to make healthy possible, it 
should not be surprising that the medical benefits we 
provide our employees are above industry standard. 
Amneal covers up to 88.5% of the total cost of the medical benefit, depending on coverage level, well 
above industry standard, which is 80% for employees and 70% for employee plus dependents.  
Spotlight on Wellness
We supplement this coverage with our wellness program, AmWell, powered by Virgin Pulse, which our 
employees can use without cost to them. We recently boosted this program in August 2021 with four 
supplemental apps that cover expanded financial wellness, nutrition, fitness, and mental wellbeing 
content along with an incentive program to inspire participation by offering financial rewards and prizes.
Our compensation program includes competitive base salaries, annual cash performance-based 
incentives and equity-based long-term incentive awards for eligible employees. Together, these 
programs play a key role in attracting and retaining key talent as well as rewarding performance 
and achievement. 
Every year, we review our Total Rewards program to make sure we’re always improving, always 
staying competitive and always putting our people at the center of our success. 
HOW TO BEFOODSMART
Looking to join? Go to join.virginpulse.com 
or the Virgin Pulse mobile app
From remote workers trying to
eat healthy to rising food 
insecurity, nutrition is more
important than ever.
Foodsmart is here to help.
MINDFULNESS TRAINING
Guided video and audio sessions to help you relax
Check out Virgin Pulse’s new mindfulness programs today. 
Feel calm, get rewarded.
Looking to join? Go to join.virginpulse.com 
or the Virgin Pulse mobile app
REACH YOUR
FINANCIAL GOALS
Looking to join? Go to join.virginpulse.com 
or the Virgin Pulse mobile app
Figure out what financial
areas you can improve
on and Enrich will provide
the tools to get you there!
MAKE FITNESS
A HABIT
Looking to join? Go to join.virginpulse.com 
or the Virgin Pulse mobile app
Workout Whenever,
Wherever with
Wellbeats. • Enrich offers education and resources on the latest trends and strategies in financial wellness 
including retirement, healthcare and personal finance. 
• WellBeats, a premier on-demand fitness provider, offers fitness classes, challenges and fitness 
assessments to employees anytime, anywhere. 
• Whil offers mindfulness programs, support and tools to help employees live their happiest and 
fullest lives at home and at work. 
• FoodSmart, the world’s largest Telenutrition and Foodcare network, makes eating well easy, 
affordable and accessible by offering access to personalized meal planning and more.
 16
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Recruiting Top Talent
Our ability to recruit, develop and retain high performing talent directly impacts our ability to make our 
purpose a reality.  Our recruitment strategy is key to attracting a workforce of experienced, diverse and high-
potential individuals from a wide range of geographies and backgrounds to drive our innovation and impact. 
In 2020, we hired a company-record 1,400+ employees, 
and we moved quickly to implement new virtual 
recruitment and onboarding procedures.
Spotlight on India
To help us tap talent throughout India, including people from disadvantaged and diverse backgrounds, 
and reduce unnecessary barriers to entry-level jobs, we have created an Apprenticeship program. This 
Apprentice program is administered in conjunction with government-run Industrial Training Institutes (ITI) 
and provides the Institutes’ students with one-year paid positions and hands-on experience within our 
facilities. In exchange, we gain opportunities to meet prospective employees from diverse backgrounds and 
typically offer employment to approximately 70 to 85 of our Apprenticeship participants each year.
Training and Development
Once we have recruited and hired employees, we offer an array of training and development programs 
to help them deliver their best and to turn jobs into careers. In a rapidly evolving, highly regulated, 
science-based company like ours, these programs are essential to a financially and otherwise 
sustainable future.
We enable our global employees to continuously elevate their careers by offering opportunities to 
expand skills through robust experiences, organizational mentoring and a continuously evolving 
Learning & Development (L&D) platform. In late 2020, we began work on the Amneal Leadership Lab 
(all), a dynamic leadership development curriculum focused on elevating leadership capabilities, 
enhancing team cohesion, strengthening strategic thinking and improving leadership autonomy for 
all levels and functions. The all program, which launched to 100 senior leaders in June 2021 and 
has been extended for 100 additional mid-level leaders in October 2021, is revolutionizing our L&D 
platform, bolstering social awareness and better preparing leaders to navigate the modern challenges 
and opportunities of our time. 
all for All
We recognize that taking Amneal 2.0 to the next level can be accelerated by upskilling all employees 
to think and act as leaders and requires a significant investment in our people. Building on the initial 
success of the Amneal Leadership Lab (all) and to help cascade learnings to all colleagues, we have 
extended our investment in people through the company-wide launch of LinkedIn Learning in July 
2021. Custom-curated learning paths are providing unique opportunities for all colleagues to 
engage in our individual and organization-wide leadership growth journeys.Recruitment, Training and Talent Development

 17
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Training and Development Continued
All employees globally receive Code of Conduct training and are trained annually on preventing and 
addressing workplace harassment. In addition to our extensive and specialized on-boarding training, 
we offer a wide array of ongoing education and training opportunities based on individual role 
categories such as: 
• Management training 
• IT /Technical training
• Compliance training 
Spotlight on the U.S.
Additional job-focused training begins as soon as new employees join us and training is tailored to 
each employee’s business area. For example:
• New sales employees receive 5.5 weeks of blended learning and training focused on product 
knowledge, selling skills, administrative capabilities, and systems and compliance expectations.
• New employees in our quality functions receive 4 weeks of blended learning focused on United 
States Pharmacopeia chapters (which contain legally recognized standards for the identity, strength, 
quality, purity, packaging and labeling of drug substances), Standard Operating Procedures and 
hands-on training with our testing procedures and techniques.
• New employees in operational roles receive training on Standard Operating Procedures as well as 
relevant on-the-job training.
Spotlight on India
In India, our talent development pipeline includes job rotations and a heavy focus on internal 
promotions and transfers. Our online Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) training programs 
are embedded in an annual calendar and matched to employees’ skills, needs and levels. Our systems 
track each employee’s participation, providing daily reminders until required training is completed 
and providing post-training tests to assess if the training was effective (80% pass rate required).  Where 
training includes human trainers, we provide train-the-trainer programs. 
The content of our other training programs in India is extensive and covers industry, technical, 
company practice and behavioral topics. These include subjects such as:
• Multi-skilling for operators
• Communications management
• Change management
• Writing skills for business• Situational leadership
• Emotional intelligence
• Listening skills
• Team building and excellence
Since English is Amneal’s global language, we invest significantly in English language training to 
enable technical staff to read and understand Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and promote 
communication more generally. This is just the beginning to a more robust program. 

 18 Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Employee Feedback and Engagement
Once employees are part of the Amneal team, we enable and seek feedback as part of our official 
annual review process for all employees. Incorporating listening strategies into the employee review 
process makes it clear how essential this feedback is to us and each of our team members.  We have 
built various “360” components into the annual performance review in which input from employee’s 
colleagues, direct reports and other stakeholders are incorporated into the conversation.
We supplement this annual and formal feedback process with numerous individual and informal 
opportunities to facilitate organizational listening in comfortable settings that encourage candor. Our 
supervisors and human resources business partners are trained in how to enable these dialogues.
We are in the process of launching a global listening tool for regularly measuring employee satisfaction 
and taking the organization’s pulse on various topics related to our business. We have committed 
substantial time and resources to ensure we reach all 6,000+ of our global employees and will 
be leveraging a highly regarded independent third-party platform to protect confidentiality and 
encourage employee participation.
We also prioritize employee input at the time they leave Amneal’s employment. Understanding 
that candor is sometimes enhanced in exit interviews, we interview departing employees and enter 
observations into our global database, which is then shared with our executive leadership. 
While our Ethics and Compliance hotline and associated website is primarily designed for more acute 
or serious concerns, it is also available for employee feedback of any type for those who prefer its 
anonymity. Information coming into the third-party operated resource is governed by clear protocols, 
including escalation procedures, that ensure important information reaches the right people 
within Amneal. We maintain a non-retaliation policy for reporting potential violations of laws, rules, 
regulations or ethical standards. We also recognize that some employees’ personal preference is to 
report difficult situations to an independent source, so our Ethics and Compliance hotline enables 
employees to exercise that choice and to bypass any person or situation the employee might consider 
uncomfortable or a barrier to reporting.
 19
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Each year we recognize twelve exceptional individuals through our prestigious global CEO Awards 
program. To be nominated for a CEO Award, an employee must have delivered outstanding 
contributions by leading and/or developing a project or idea while demonstrating excellence in 
alignment with our Rise, Lead, Succeed culture. CEO Award recipients receive a generous cash award, 
a custom trophy and global recognition through our communication channels. 
In India, we offer additional recognition programs, including:
• Offering spot bonuses, which are given when exemplary behavior or accomplishments occur.  
• Operating a monthly reward and recognition program.
• Recognizing a leading team each quarter.
• Recognizing employees for long-term service.
• Managing a highly participatory competition for the team of the year. This involves a conflict-free, 
transparent, stringent process with trained judges and careful rankings.   We celebrate successes and career milestones
We strongly believe that encouragement and 
recognition of employee success is pivotal to inspiring 
an engaged and high-performing culture. We’re proud 
to share that, in 2020, over 5,000 colleagues were 
recognized for their contributions to Amneal.
AMNEAL applause
• Recognize colleagues
• Acknowledge career anniversaries and milestones
• Offer on-the-spot awards
• Earn badges of honor
• Redeem points for great giftsOur global Amneal Applause 
platform allows managers and 
teammates to:
 20
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
OUR  
PRODUCTS 

 21
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Product Suite
We produce high quality generic, specialty and biosimilar medicines
Our broad portfolio is the foundation from which we make healthy possible. In the U.S., our generics 
portfolio of more than 250 medicines* provides patients with more affordable access to quality medicines. 
Our growing Specialty Pharma business delivers products that meet important medical needs in central 
nervous system and endocrine disorders, and other therapeutic categories. We are also excited about our 
work to bring patients more affordable biologic therapy options through our biosimilars program. As of 
July 2021, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was actively reviewing three Amneal Biologics License 
Applications (BLAs). 
We deliver quality, trust and value with our generics business
Our generics business has grown to be among the largest in the U.S. We develop, manufacture and 
commercialize complex oral solids, injectables, ophthalmics, liquids, topicals, softgels, inhalation products 
transdermals and devices across a broad range of therapeutic categories. Our retail and institutional 
portfolio contains more than 250 generic medicines*, many of which represent difficult-to-manufacture 
products or products that have a high barrier-to-entry such as oncologics, anti-infectives and supportive 
care to healthcare providers. These medicines help make healthy possible and support health equity within the 
communities that need it most. 
In 2020, Amneal’s generic medicines were responsible for 
saving patients $9.8 billion** in the United States.
We have one of the industry’s largest generic pipelines
We are committed to expanding our Generics division by targeting complex solid oral and alternative 
dosage form Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) with difficult to develop, first-to-file or first-to-
market product opportunities. Our development capabilities are industry-leading and span all dosage 
forms, including complex oral solids, injectables, ophthalmics, liquids, topicals, transdermals and devices.
The Amneal U.S. Generics pipeline is currently one of the industry’s largest. This pipeline includes products 
across a broad range of therapeutic areas including cardiovascular, central nervous system/pain, oncology, 
inflammation, anti-infective, dermatology, endocrinology, diabetes, rhinology, urology, and hematology, 
among others which impact millions of people each year. 
We distribute our products through deeply held relationships with customers, who for close to 20 years have 
associated the Amneal name with an unwavering commitment to quality, service and value. You can find our 
products at pharmacies and healthcare institutions throughout the U.S. and Puerto Rico.Amneal Pharmaceuticals has earned Drug Distributor 
Accreditation by the 
National Association of Boards of Pharmacy® (NABP®).
*As of August 2020
**Amneal’s generic savings in the United States in 2020 was calculated by taking the total national savings estimated by the Association for 
Accessible Medicines¹ and determining Amneal’s market share by volume, data of which was derived from IQVIA.
¹ Association for Accessible Medicines, 2020 Generic Drug and Biosimilars Access and Savings in the U.S. Press Release, September 2021
 22
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Extending access and affordability to international markets
As we set our strategic long-term vision for Amneal, we identified new opportunities to leverage our 
regulatory expertise and extensive portfolio to expand access to more affordable generics in select 
international markets. We have created a Strategic International Expansion function that is leveraging 
new and existing projects to accelerate product opportunities in China, Africa and the Middle East and 
North African Nations (MENA) as well as longer-term plans for expansion into other markets.
We are a leading pharmaceutical company that 
provides over 10 billion doses of medicine annually. 
We are working to meet important medical needs with our 
specialty business
Our specialty business delivers proprietary medicines to the U.S. market. We offer a growing portfolio 
in core therapeutic categories including central nervous system and endocrine disorders, and other 
therapeutic areas.
Our specialty products are marketed through skilled Specialty Sales & Marketing teams, who call on 
neurologists, movement disorder specialists, endocrinologists and primary care physicians in key 
U.S. markets.
We are focused on the continued growth and expansion of our product portfolio through internal 
development as well as through acquisitions and late-stage and next-generation product 
partnership opportunities.
Accelerating innovation through clinical validation*
*As of 08/09/2021
 **Orphan Disease Product
IPX203DHE
Autoinjector
K127
K114
K128Therapeutic
AreaConfirmatory
Clinical
(Phase 3)PK/PD  
Phase 1
and Phase 2Pre-ClinicalFormulation /
DevelopmentSubmission Approval Launch
Parkinson’s 
DiseaseMigraine and
Cluster
Headache 
Myasthenia
Gravis**
Hypothyroidism,
T4 subindication
Sialorrhea/
Movement Disorders
 23
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
We invest in critical biosimilars
For nearly 20 years, Amneal has been driven by a relentless passion to make medicines accessible and 
affordable. This passion endures in our pursuit of bringing critical biosimilars to market. Entering the 
biosimilars market requires specialized skillsets, capabilities and investments. We believe our core 
strengths in high-quality manufacturing, innovation and strong commercial execution will position us 
extremely well in this space.
We forge creative partnerships to make healthy even more possible
We continually look to forge creative business collaborations and/or M&A opportunities that enhance 
the depth and breadth of our business and align with our mission, values and goals. Our Corporate 
Development team has in-depth scientific, financial, analytical and integration knowledge, bringing a 
broad range of expertise to develop flexible, innovative partnerships. We have a proven track record in:
• Mergers and acquisitions
• Co-promotion agreements
• Co-development partnerships
• Distribution collaborations
• Licensing agreementsWe develop innovative drug delivery 
technologies
Amneal has developed several proprietary technology platforms 
for controlled drug delivery of challenging compounds that have 
the potential to improve efficacy, tolerability and/or compliance. Our 
Specialty R&D teams are working to leverage these technologies in ways 
that enhance our pipeline, improve patient outcomes and deliver value. You 
can learn more about our innovative drug delivery technologies here. 

 24
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Product Quality and Safety Programs
Quality and safety underpin everything we do at Amneal 
and we view quality as a non-negotiable commitment.
Patients, customers, physicians and pharmacists trust Amneal to deliver quality pharmaceuticals that 
are safe and effective. For each member of our team, ‘Quality’ is a mindset that helps us achieve our goal 
to make healthy possible. Every day, across all roles and functions, we embrace the idea that “Quality 
begins with me.” This call to action is enhanced by our long-standing commitment to delivering trust, 
integrity and value.
Our quality culture is one of the core pillars of our success. We work to consistently meet or exceed 
quality, industry and global regulatory standards. Across our company, we seek continuous 
improvement in everything we do. Key performance indicators validate our efforts and ensure that 
we’re always improving – for our family and for yours.
Our commitment starts at the top
This commitment is immediately evident in our structure, oversight, goals and compensation:
Our Board of Directors
• Our Technology and Operational Compliance Committee has oversight responsibility for the 
quality and safety of our operations, including strategically leveraging technology to be leaders 
in this space.  
Our Executive Leadership
• Our Executive Leadership team hosts quarterly executive safety meetings which are focused on 
sharing metrics, trends and actions related to Adverse Events and Product Quality Complaints.
• Our overall Corporate Goals include a commitment to maintaining industry-leading standards of 
quality throughout all areas of the business. Additionally, each department that has responsibility 
for product development, manufacturing or logistics has quality and safety goals built into overall 
departmental goals, which then directly tie to compensation metrics. These goals are monitored on 
a monthly basis.
• Our Drug Safety and Pharmacovigilance Department has management responsibility for product 
safety issues.  The Drug Safety and Pharmacovigilance Department follows detailed Standard 
Operating Procedures to closely monitor signal detection reports and PV (pharmacovigilance) trend 
reports to help ensure early detection of potential quality issues and build a knowledge base for 
future use. Additionally, the department oversees our global product base which includes meeting 
all FDA requirements for reporting, such as the implementation of a 24-hour requirement for 
reporting adverse events associated with any of our products. 
• All employees whose job responsibilities are connected to quality or safety receive annual training.

 25
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Our Manufacturing and Testing
We manufacture, package and distribute our products through a state-of-the-art network of facilities 
strategically located throughout the U.S., India and Ireland. Our operational capabilities are diverse 
and distinct, with few competitors matching our breadth of manufacturing expertise across all dosage 
forms, including complex oral solids, softgels, injectables, ophthalmics, liquids, topicals, transdermals 
and devices. We also maintain robust internal active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) manufacturing 
capabilities as well as advanced packaging and distribution facilities. Over the last several years, we 
have invested considerably in advanced equipment, technologies and talent – all to ensure the safe 
and reliable production of our products.
We are focused on the safety and well-being of patients 
To help us better understand drug safety profiles and deliver safe products, our Corporate Drug Safety 
team collects, reviews and reports adverse events and other safety findings associated with the use of 
our investigational and commercial products to relevant regulatory authorities.
• We have created independently monitored external reporting mechanisms to enable anyone 
with information that can inform our safety and quality operations to provide their input, either 
anonymously or otherwise. 
• We have created a structure with cross-functional responsibilities for adverse events to help avoid 
any coverage gaps and create multiple sources of input and oversight. 
• We maintain continuous oversight and regular testing of response procedures related to product 
quality and safety, including:
Our Product Safety Standards are available in our Quality Manual, as are 
our approved Standard Operating Procedures.
• Conducting mock internal audits in compliance with FDA directives
• Conducting mock recall exercises periodically
• Establishing and following an annual audit schedule that covers our 
own operations and those of our suppliers, vendors, CROs, etc. 
• Detailing established procedures for incident evaluation and 
corrective actions
• Reporting all safety data to the FDA based on established Post 
Marketing Reporting regulations
We manufacture 
products destined 
for someone’s 
loved one
 26
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Adverse Event Reporting
We make direct channels available to contact us in the event that someone experiences an adverse 
event associated with the use of an Amneal product. The following should be reported to Amneal 
whether or not they are associated with an adverse event:
• Off-label use of an Amneal product relates to situations where the medicinal product is intentionally 
used for a medical purpose not in accordance with the approved product information.
• Accidental or intentional medication errors or overdose of an Amneal product.
• Misuse, where the Amneal product is intentionally and inappropriately used not in accordance with 
the approved product information.
• Abuse, which is persistent or sporadic, intentional excessive use of a medicinal product.
• Reports of patient death after exposure to an Amneal product where no other details are provided.
• Occupational exposure to an Amneal product.
• Transmission of an infectious agent through a contaminated Amneal product.
Medical Inquiries 
Our medical information team responds to inquiries from healthcare professionals, customers, 
patients, payers and managed healthcare organizations related to the usage, efficacy, and safety of 
Amneal products. Click here to learn more.
•  Research and development
•  Clinical trials
•  Regulatory approvals
•  Safety and efficacy
•  Adverse event reporting
•  Labeling
•  Manufacturing
•  Storage
Global regulation of the pharmaceutical industry is greatly influenced by government agencies such as 
the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Union’s European Medicines 
Agency (EMA). While efforts are underway to harmonize regulations into consistent global standards, 
laws today may vary depending on the specific country and market.
Amneal requires all employees to comply at all times with applicable laws and regulations governing 
the pharmaceutical industry in those markets where the company conducts its business and to 
comply with Amneal’s Code of Conduct, policies and procedures. 
Amneal requires employees to report suspected violations of applicable laws and regulations, and 
any suspected violations of Amneal policies and procedures, directly to a supervisor, Corporate 
Compliance, Legal, or indirectly through the Amneal Ethics & Compliance Hotline. •  Distribution
•  Product Quality
•  Record keeping
•  Marketing
•  Advertising and Promotion
•  Sales
•  Reimbursement
•  Product Sampling
Pharmaceutical Compliance
Pharmaceutical laws affect virtually every aspect of Amneal’s operations—from regulatory approvals to 
product labeling, promotion and advertising. The purpose of these laws is to make sure our products are 
safe, effective, and promoted fairly and accurately. Regulated activities include:
We prioritize  
our commitment 
to compliance  
and quality
 27
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Quality
Amneal is committed to quality improvement resulting in the development, production and delivery 
of high-quality products for our customers and patients. We comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations regarding our research, development, manufacturing and distribution activities, including 
Good Clinical Practices (GCP), Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and Good Laboratory Practices 
(GLP) (collectively, “Good Operating Practices” or “GxP”), among other practices.
We take quality-related complaints seriously and work to ensure that any complaints are properly 
investigated and reported, as required, to the appropriate regulatory authorities. We have quality 
agreements in place with any external manufacturing sites that we utilize and own the quality and 
safety for all products, regardless of where they are manufactured. 
• We maintain a rigorous focus on quality and safety by manufacturing as many of our products 
as possible from our own facilities.  Approximately 75% of current revenues* are from products 
manufactured in-house, reflecting our core competency in manufacturing excellence.
• Our global commercial facilities are each registered with the FDA and must maintain FDA standards 
to achieve this registration.
• Each of our sites has quality metrics specifically designed for that site that are monitored monthly, 
at a minimum.
• In Ireland our operations are benchmarked to three leading ISO standards:  
 • ISO 14001 
 • ISO 45001 
 • ISO 50001 
*Data presented as of September 15, 2021  
**Data source: https://datadashboard.fda.gov/ora/cd/inspections.htm Our facilities in the United States and India have been 
inspected by the FDA * over 80 times to date**, yielding 
no major observations and no official action indicated 
(OAI) classifications or warning letters in Amneal history.
 28 Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Good Clinical Practice
Diseases and conditions know no national boundaries, so we apply our expectations, standards, 
policies and practices for good clinical practice globally. We have adopted rigorous practices that 
incorporate the principles codified in the International Conference on Harmonisation’s Good Clinical 
Practice (GCP) Guidelines, all of which we follow. 
Good Clinical Practice (GCP) is an international ethical and scientific quality standard for designing, 
conducting, recording and reporting trials that involve the participation of human subjects. 
Compliance with this standard provides public assurance that the rights, safety and wellbeing of trial 
subjects are protected and that the clinical trial data are credible.
Clinical Trial Standards
The quality of our clinical trials are a core focus of our drug development work.  We are committed 
to conducting trials in an ethical manner, and therefore we invest heavily in designing, managing, 
and monitoring our clinical trials.
 29
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
Access to Health Care
A family commitment to helping others
Chirag and Chintu’s vision for founding Amneal was inspired by their father, Kanu Patel, an industrial 
pharmacist who worked as a pharmaceutical regulatory inspector in India. Raised on the Gandhian 
philosophy of truth and service, Kanu taught his sons to achieve prosperity through hard work and by 
conducting business with honesty and integrity. 
When the Patel family immigrated to the United States in 
1987, Chirag began his business pursuits with several 
information technology start-ups, while Chintu followed 
in his father’s footsteps as a pharmacist. During his 
time as a pharmacist, Chintu witnessed firsthand 
the struggle many patients had in choosing between 
buying food or their medication. The desire to provide 
affordable medicine to patients ignited a passion within 
Chintu, and with his father’s guidance and Chirag’s business 
savvy, Amneal was born. 
Amneal is a company whose inspiration, purpose, design, operations and core products all directly 
enhance and demonstrate a commitment to increasing global access to health care.
Our commitment starts at the top
The committees of our Board of Directors have oversight roles of topics related to access to health care:
• Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has primary responsibility for environmental, 
social and governance reporting.
• Our Compensation Committee oversees the alignment of compensation practices with the company’s 
core strategy and goals, of which our generics practice is at the core.
• Our Audit Committee oversees our Risk Assessment, Risk Management, and Corporate Compliance  
functions, to each of which our distribution and other access issues are important.
The role of generics in advancing health equity 
Amneal’s commitment to enhancing the long-term accessibility and affordability of health care 
products is demonstrated by the many actions we are successfully taking to be a leader in our  
generics operations.  
• We have created and maintain robust internal active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) manufacturing 
capabilities: by managing our API capabilities internally, we not only directly support quality control,  
we also enhance our ability to act efficiently and improve steadily.
• We study every part of our manufacturing operations on a regular basis to enable us to develop, manufacture, 
package and distribute our products through state-of-the-art facilities strategically placed around the world.
• We have built an industry-leading ability to deliver affordable products across nearly all dosage forms, 
including oral solids, softgels, injectables, ophthalmics, liquids, topicals, transdermals and devices. Accessibility is 
at the heart of 
everything we do

 30
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
• We have a sense of urgency about getting newly generic products 
to patients which enables them to save money sooner: we are 
the #1 company in obtaining the FDA’s Competitive Generic 
Therapy (CGT) designation. * 
• We have staying power: our longevity in our established 
markets enables us to refine them to deliver more 
products more broadly and at lower costs than would 
otherwise be possible.
We help patients in need
Although generics generate the majority of our revenues, 
we also offer a number of non-generic specialty products. 
In order to make healthy possible, we have developed 
and maintain programs to enhance the accessibility of these 
products as well. There are various regulatory requirements and 
restrictions governing how accessibility to these products can be 
enhanced, so our programs vary by the type of product involved.  
Copay Subsidizations**
For some of our specialty products, we are able to subsidize out-of-
pocket costs for commercially insured patients where permitted by law. 
(State and Federally funded programs are exempt from these programs.) 
Product Donations
We also donate products to organizations dedicated to assisting 
people with the greatest need for help accessing medicines, including 
those who qualify based on medical and financial need and victims 
of natural disasters and humanitarian crises. These organizations 
include AmeriCares®, Dispensary of Hope® (DoH), Direct Relief and 
MAP International. Patient Assistance Programs**
Since 2012, our patient assistance programs have provided free or 
reduced cost medicines to thousands of eligible patients.OUR PROGRAMS INCLUDE:
*As of September 30, 2021
**These programs are only applicable to specific specialty products and do not include our generic medicines. 
Our specialty products can be found here: https://www.amneal.com/products/our-portfolio/specialty-products/

 31
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Monitoring our health-access-related initiatives
The accessibility of our generics products is, of course, affected by our ability to price them affordably.  
These pricing decisions are undertaken with extensive input from our Pricing Committee made up of 
relevant cross-functional leaders from Finance, Compliance, Legal, and the Commercial organization.
While we naturally focus on the quality, safety, efficacy and availability of our medicines and 
treatments, it is also essential, we believe, to focus on having strong, positive customer relationships in 
order to enhance patients’ access to health care. 
To help our patients receive the reimbursements to which they are entitled, we are conscientious in 
notifying the authorities (who maintain the pricing compendiums upon which insurance companies 
rely when making reimbursement decisions) when product changes occur. 
Responsible Marketing and Promotion
We are committed to ensuring health care professionals and the health care community have the latest, 
most accurate information regarding our medicines and patient care. Any member of our workforce 
who is responsible for the marketing and promotion of our products is trained on the standards and are 
required to comply with them. Additionally, employees are trained in the company’s Code of Conduct, 
which also addresses interactions with healthcare professionals. 
We strive to comply with all laws and regulations governing the sales and marketing of our products. 
The global pharmaceutical industry is highly regulated because our products have a direct impact on 
patient health. Our activities are covered by a broad array of laws and regulations — many of which are 
extremely complex, tend to overlap, and are subject to interpretation.
In addition, governments are often the primary payors for drugs prescribed for their citizens. 
Governments, therefore, have a direct financial interest in ensuring fair, objective and accurate 
representations and transactions—and can severely penalize violators.
Amneal will only solicit and obtain business through sales and marketing programs that have been 
formally approved by the company. No employee is permitted to give unauthorized discounts, rebates, 
concessions, commissions or incentives, or bribes or other payments, to obtain or retain business.
We carefully seek to follow the pharmaceutical laws in the markets we serve—adhering to product 
labeling requirements and promoting only uses that have been approved by regulatory authorities. 
Therefore, all claims must:
• Be consistent with product labeling
• Be supported by substantial evidence
• Be truthful and not misleading
• Appropriately balance the benefits of the product with its risks

 32 Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Responsible Marketing and Promotion Continued
Amneal only advertises and promotes its products through programs and materials that have been 
formally approved by the company. All advertising and promotional programs and materials must be 
reviewed by Amneal personnel to ensure compliance with applicable country, state, and local laws 
and regulations. No Amneal employee may modify any portion of any product labeling or literature 
without prior authorization from the Promotional Asset Review Committee (PARC). 
We have robust policies and procedures that inform employees on appropriate interactions with the 
healthcare community and requirements pertaining to drug promotion and ethical marketing. To that 
end, we continually monitor sales representative performance as well as compliance with standards, 
policies, and procedures. Risk assessments, monitoring and employee training are key components 
of each and we strive to comply with regulations and adhere to ethical standards set forth by the 
company and industry associations.
 33
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
OUR  
GOVERNANCE

 34
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
  Corporate Compliance Program
Amneal is committed to maintaining the highest standards of business ethics and complying with all 
laws and regulations that govern our industry. 
As part of this effort, Amneal has adopted an enterprise-wide Comprehensive Compliance Program 
(“CCP”) that is designed to prevent, detect, and resolve potential compliance issues. Our CCP seeks 
to comply with all applicable federal and state laws, regulations, and industry guidance including the 
“Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers” developed by the United States 
Department of Health and Human Services, Office of the Inspector General and the Pharmaceutical 
Research and Manufacturers of America’s “Code on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals.” The 
CCP applies to our officers, directors and employees in their activities on behalf of Amneal, including 
any of its subsidiaries or divisions.
Amneal’s Compliance Program is led by our Chief Compliance Officer. The Compliance Department is 
responsible for developing and implementing the Amneal Corporate Compliance Program, including 
the Code of Conduct and related policies, and for enforcing its provisions through investigations and 
recommendations to management.
To learn more about the Amneal Corporate Compliance Program or to find supplemental 
governance-related documents, please visit our website.
We act with ethics and integrity every day
We recognize our work has far-reaching implications in affecting the health and wellbeing 
of people every day. As a result, we conduct our business according to high legal and 
ethical business standards. Our commitment is defined by our Code of Conduct (CoC) and 
is embraced enthusiastically by Amneal colleagues across our company.
Learn more about our commitment to ethics and compliance:
• Code of Conduct 
• Amneal Corporate Compliance Program and Declaration
• California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure
We have an anti-corruption policy that clearly defines and prohibits 
bribery, corruption and facilitation payments
Our CoC provides guidelines that help colleagues understand what acceptable behavior is. This 
includes guidance concerning the giving and receiving of gifts, meals and entertainment (including to 
government officials); the acceptance of outside employment; the existence and nature of business 
relationships; relationships with friends and family members; the use of corporate funds and assets; 
memberships in business and scientific organizations; political and charitable contributions; and 
business opportunities, in addition to guidance more specifically referencing bribery and corruption.  
Further, our CoC also provides guidance on the related topics of anti-trust, unfair competition, restraint 
of trade, export control, and copyright protection issues in a global context.

 35
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Amneal policy prohibits any offer, payment, promise of payment, or authorization of the payment of any 
money, gifts, loans or other inducement, whether given directly or indirectly, to a government official or the 
employee of a private company in order to influence any act or decision of the official or employee to obtain 
or retain business or gain any regulatory or other commercial advantage. Amneal policy also prohibits the 
receipt of anything of value by an Amneal employee from suppliers, vendors or others who may seek thereby 
to influence any act or decision of the employee.
We have a multifaceted speaking up program
Reporting of concerns and potential or real violations of our CoC or any other legal or regulatory 
requirement, company expectation or behavior inconsistent with our values is important to Amneal, so 
we provide numerous reporting avenues for this kind of information.
In addition to legal reporting requirements, information can be shared via a colleague’s supervisor, 
Human Resources representative, corporate compliance or legal department representative, or via the 
toll-free, independently administered Ethics and Compliance hotline.
The Ethics & Compliance hotline information is provided both internally to colleagues globally and 
externally on our website to enable reporting from those outside the company. The hotline is available in 
a variety of languages and can protect confidentiality and anonymity if desired.
Reporting is taken seriously and investigated appropriately. Colleagues are expected to cooperate 
fully. Reporting in any form is protected by a strict non-retaliation policy. Disciplinary actions will be 
taken where appropriate and, depending on the circumstances and legal requirements, can range from 
reprimand, loss of compensation, loss of promotional opportunity to demotion or termination.  When 
appropriate, violations will also be reported to the authorities.
We are stewards in protecting proprietary information and  
privacy data
Protecting and respecting the confidentiality of proprietary information and the privacy of colleagues, 
patients, and customers is an important responsibility shared by every Amneal colleague.
Amneal is committed to protecting the reasonable privacy expectations of those with whom we do 
business, including customers, consumers and employees. We believe individuals have the right to 
decide when their personal data* is collected, used or disclosed. We also believe responsible stewardship 
of personal data is a critical component in maintaining trust in the Amneal brand and ensuring that 
individuals feel confident that Amneal respects their right to privacy.
Many countries, as well as states in the U.S., have implemented, or are planning to implement, privacy 
and/or data protection laws that set requirements for the appropriate handling of personal data. Amneal 
currently complies with all applicable laws, and commits to comply to any future changes in the law in 
any country in which it operates.
*”Personal data” includes any information that can be used to identify, contact, or locate an individual.
 36
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
The Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
Management is responsible for managing the day-to-day risks our Company faces. Our Board of 
Directors is responsible for:
• confirming that management has implemented an appropriate system to manage these risks, i.e., 
to identify, assess, mitigate, monitor and communicate about these risks; and
• providing effective risk oversight through the Board’s committee structure and oversight processes. 
Beyond these fundamental responsibilities for risk oversight, our Board concentrates on the broader 
implications of our strategic plans and allows the committees to focus on specific areas of risk. Our 
directors, through their risk oversight role, are responsible for confirming that the risk management 
processes designed and implemented by the Company’s executive officers and other senior managers 
are consistent with the Company’s corporate strategy and are functioning as intended. 
The Board believes that full and open communication between management and the Board of 
Directors is essential for effective risk management and oversight. Our executive officers attend our 
quarterly Board meetings. In addition to making quarterly presentations at such meetings regarding 
our operations, our executive officers are available to discuss any questions or concerns raised by 
the Board relating to risk management and any other matters. In addition, management typically 
reports on cybersecurity matters to our Audit Committee twice a year. While the Board is ultimately 
responsible for risk oversight at our Company, our Board committees assist the Board in fulfilling its 
oversight responsibilities in certain areas of risk.
Audit Committee 
In accordance with its charter, the Audit Committee is required to, among other things, focus on the 
reasonableness of control processes for identifying and managing key business, financial and
regulatory reporting risks. The Audit Committee is also mandated by its charter to discuss with 
management our Company’s major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to
monitor and control such exposures, including, as required by the NYSE, our risk assessment and 
risk management policies. The Audit Committee monitors our Company’s credit risk, liquidity risk, 
regulatory risk, operational risk and enterprise risk by regular reviews with management, external 
auditors and our Company’s internal audit function. The Audit Committee reviews and discusses 
with management the implementation, execution and performance of the Company’s enterprise risk 
management program and the strategies, processes and controls pertaining to the management of 
the company’s information technology operations, including cyber risks and information security. 
 
Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities  
with respect to the evaluation and management of risks arising from our compensation policies  
and programs. 
 37
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight 
responsibilities with respect to the management of risks associated with corporate governance, 
including Board structure, size, membership and succession planning for our directors, as well as  
ESG matters of importance to the Company.
Conflicts Committee
The Conflicts Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to  
the management of the risks associated with the potential conflicts of interest that may arise from certain 
related person transactions.  
 
Technology and Operational Compliance Committee
The Technology and Operational Compliance Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight 
responsibilities with respect to the management of the risks associated with the Company’s use of 
technology, including in its manufacturing and research and development operations.
 38
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
OUR  
PLANET
 39
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
Environmental Health and Safety
Our Code of Conduct (CoC) commits us to operating in a safe and environmentally responsible manner.  
All colleagues are required to understand and follow applicable environmental requirements as 
they relate to their employment responsibilities. All colleagues are also required to read, understand 
and follow all environmental, health and safety policies and procedures that affect their work. This 
includes making sure all required reports on environmental matters are complete, accurate and timely.
Internal awareness is created through routine training programs and, when appropriate, 
communication of Corrective and Preventive Actions (CAPA’s) following rare incidents of non-
compliance. We meet regularly with Production and Engineering regarding our environmental 
permitting and compliance issues which include air, wastewater and solid waste reporting.
In addition, every colleague is responsible for ensuring that all waste products, hazardous materials 
and other regulated items are stored, handled and disposed in compliance with all laws, regulations 
and our own standards. Colleagues must always wear personal protective equipment and apparel 
required of their jobs. Further, every colleague is required to immediately report any unsafe storage 
or improper disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances.   
 
Our environmental management systems are critical in India where many of our largest manufacturing 
facilities are located. We employ an Environmental Management and Safety lead who is supported 
by a team at every facility. These teams make sure that our environmental standards are developed, 
adhered to, audited by independent third parties, and reported to governmental oversight bodies 
including filing monthly reports with each state’s pollution control board.
Each year, our team in India hosts a national Safety Week celebration for employees at all levels of 
the organization. The event involves daily activities including safety pledges, mock drills, first-aid 
training, firefighting training, fire hydrant drill competitions, and more. The week culminates with a 
competition for the best safety poster, slogan, suggestion and poem. Winners receive a prize and the 
top three performers are asked to give a speech on safety.
In Ireland, we benchmark ourselves against the three leading ISO standards, including: 
• ISO 14001 certification for environmental management
• ISO 45001 for occupational health and safety management, and 
• ISO 50001 for energy management
To stay ISO certified we are audited each year on each standard by independent third parties.
We operate 
in a safe and 
environmentally 
responsible 
manner
 40
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
Environmental Stewardship
We take a proactive approach to our environmental 
impact and believe that every company has a role to 
play in taking action for our planet, including Amneal.
Brookhaven, New York Facility Spotlight
At our Brookhaven, NY facility, we have invested in a geothermal energy system. Geothermal energy 
is a clean, renewable resource that can be harnessed for use as both heat and electricity. Geothermal 
energy allows us to significantly reduce our carbon emissions, water use and electricity consumption 
from the grid.
Additionally, our Brookhaven facility has invested in a Regenerative Thermal Oxidizer (RTO) to ensure 
actual (port-treatment) facility emissions are minimized. RTOs are reliable, deliver a low operating cost 
and are able to achieve as much as 97% heat recovery, thus contributing to our positive environmental 
impact. As a generator of hazardous waste, we maintain a waste reduction program, and we continue 
to assess and implement processes to reduce waste quantities.
 41
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Glasgow, Kentucky Facility Spotlight
At our distribution facilities in Kentucky, we have taken numerous actions to reduce our environmental 
footprint and promote circular economy practices, including the following:
• We use LED lights and motion detectors to minimize energy use.
• We have converted to electric warehouse equipment that minimize energy consumption. 
• We manage and maintain our HVAC systems including using DC to AC systems that reduce energy 
usage and failure rates.
• We use smart battery technology to limit charging to what is needed, minimizing electricity use.
• We use smart-charging practices that access the grid outside of peak usage periods.  
• We retain licensed third-party auditors to test our coolers regularly to check not just for the accuracy of 
their temperature controls but also for any environmental concerns.  
• We partner with both the Tennessee Valley Authority and East Kentucky Power to maximize our 
sourcing of low-carbon power.
• We use biodegradable cleaning products.
• Our facilities employ an in-house environmental health and safety coordinator who oversees 
operations and provides annual training for key personnel.
• We recycle our corrugated and plastics and ship our products in recycled boxes.
• We use GPS tracking on our vehicles and our contractors’ vehicles to increase efficiency and 
product security.
• We use end-to-end security procedures to prevent diversion of our products during distribution. 
Ireland Spotlight
In Ireland, we gather and report our energy and water usage quarterly to governmental entities. We have 
taken further steps to minimize our environmental footprint—such as converting to LED lighting—and 
undertaking educational programs to encourage our employees to take similar steps at home.  Our daily 
morning calls and regular town hall meetings all include environmental, health and safety messages.
India Spotlight
In India, we gather and report detailed information on our environmental impact in accordance with the 
Central Pollution Control Board. This data, which is monitored daily, includes details on environmental 
protection as it relates to water pollution, air pollution, noise pollution and waste management. We 
take compliance with these acts, rules and policies seriously and set annual reduction targets to ensure 
compliance. In accordance with the governmental laws and protocols laid out by the Central Pollution 
Control Board, we provide monthly reports outlining our environmental impact and seek to comply with all 
applicable environmental regulations. There were no instances of environmental fines imposed or negative 
consequences due to Amneal’s operations in the reporting period.
We look forward to expanding our environmental 
reporting in the future.  
 42
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
OUR  
IMPACT
 43
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Commitment to Social Responsibility
We are engaged in giving back and encourage employees to actively support the vitality of our 
communities through various company-sponsored Social Responsibility commitments, including 
advocacy, employee volunteerism, fundraising and product donations.
Key commitments include longstanding partnerships with Dispensary of Hope, Americares, Parkinson 
& Movement Disorder Alliance, Davis Phinney Foundation, American Parkinson Disease Association, 
Parkinson’s Foundation, The Michael J. Fox Foundation, Miles for Migraine, American Corporate Partners 
and Toys for Tots, among others.
Every year, we donate product to organizations dedicated to helping make healthy possible for 
people around the world who have the greatest need. In 2020, we donated nearly 6 million doses 
to Dispensary of Hope and have contributed over 19 million doses since the start of our partnership 
in 2014. These donations are used to support low-income patients, disaster relief efforts, medical 
volunteers and global humanitarian needs. Learn more about our activities and some of the 
organizations we partner with on our website. 
We also ran an innovative SPARK (Stories of Parkinson’s) Program where Parkinson’s patient ambassadors 
share their treatment and life experience stories with other patients and care partners through a dynamic 
speaker program. Throughout 2020, we amplified our support of the Parkinson’s community in several 
important ways, including:
• Employees volunteered with the Parkinson & Movement Disorder Alliance (PMDA) to make Cheer 
Calls® to people living with Parkinson’s and their care partners who were feeling isolated during the 
COVID pandemic;
• We worked more closely with our advocacy partners to support their increased shift to providing 
education/advocacy services via virtual interactions with patients and care partners; and
• We engaged Amneal U.S. colleagues in a movement challenge that raised awareness and company 
funds for the virtual Parkinson’s Unity Walk.

 44
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020Community Impact
Besides these key corporate commitments, we rise to meet the needs of our communities through 
a host of regional and local initiatives. Through a combination of employee volunteerism and 
corporate sponsorships, we support organizations that align with our business priorities, key values 
and are focused on making a true difference. 
We mobilized throughout the COVID-19 pandemic
The COVID pandemic has impacted our people and communities in profound ways, and we are 
very proud of Amneal’s collective efforts to share our passion and company resources in support of 
recovery and relief activities across the globe. Throughout 2020 and into 2021, we have prioritized 
communities impacted by COVID-19 through various efforts including the following:
• We responded to several U.S. government requests for medicine being considered as a potential 
treatment for COVID-19. Following those requests, we quickly mobilized our teams to deliver 
millions of donated doses to various state and federal healthcare systems. 
• We raised $50,000 to support Americares’ COVID-19 relief efforts via a three-month virtual step 
challenge where employees collectively walked over 254 million steps. 
• We initiated a National Corporate Sponsorship with the Marine Toys for Tots to help the 
organization address the increasing need for holiday gifts resulting from COVID’s devastating 
impacts on the economy and families. Amneal donated $25,000, and employees hosted toy 
collections throughout our U.S. facilities. 
• We mobilized company financial resources and re-focused our India-based corporate social 
responsibility (CSR) budgets to support local COVID relief organizations. 
• To support the dire need for oxygen supplies in India, we installed three oxygen plants in 
hospitals and partnered with a U.S.-based non-profit to immediately secure oxygen concentrator 
units alongside other medical supplies. 
• We also worked with Indian government authorities to help local medical facilities expand patient 
bed capacity where needed. 
• Our India-based operations teams increased production of COVID-related medicines and 
identified a marketing partner to help supply the important products to the India market. 
• We also offered our capabilities to help boost the local manufacturing of Remdesivir anti-viral 
injections and assisted Indian manufacturers in securing API needed for this important medication. 
 
We support the social wellbeing of our local communities
In India, our teams are heavily engaged in strengthening the social wellbeing of our local communities. 
We focus our efforts on helping to enhance the quality of life for people and communities through 
increased access to important healthcare services, education resources and scholarships, various 
social programs and environmental conservation projects. We are passionate about helping our India 
neighbors create a better future for their families while also helping individuals pursue their career 
aspirations. We are proud that some of our impact to date includes the following actions:

 45
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
  • We fund a School Support Program which provides more than 2,100 children with access to a pre-
school education and subject matter support for language and mathematics curriculum.
• We support the Niswarth Scholarship Program which provides more than 30 students with need-
based scholarships to pursue their post-graduate studies.
• We help ensure the accessibility of critical health services by funding various mobile health clinics 
with a focus on providing general medicine as well as dental and ophthalmic care. Since our 
involvement in these programs in 2019, nearly 180,000 patients have received services.
• We also support various community environmental conservation efforts, including the installation 
of rain roof harvesting systems at 10 government primary schools and our team regularly volunteers 
in a variety of tree planting events annually.
• And our India teams regularly volunteer to help meet community needs around sanitation, safe 
drinking water and collection and distribution of basic care needs like clothing and food.
We take a hands-on approach to addressing local needs
In Ireland, where we are the largest employer in a small town, the team is highly involved in addressing 
the local needs of the community. Our programs foster year-round opportunities for colleagues to 
make a difference. Organizations our Cashel, Ireland colleagues have supported include: the County 
Tipperary Chamber, Cashel Community School, the University College Cork Pharmacy School, 
Irish Cancer Society, Cancer Support Centre, and Movember Foundation. The team’s 
efforts were recognized by County Tipperary Chamber of Commerce with a 
Best CSR Award for 2019.
We support the needs of our veterans
In October 2020, Amneal launched a partnership with American 
Corporate Partners (ACP), a national nonprofit organization 
focused on helping veterans and active-duty spouses find 
their next careers. Since then, 25+ U.S. Amneal leaders have 
been volunteering to mentor a veteran or active-duty spouse 
in their transition to civilian life.

 46
Amneal    Inaugural Corporate Responsibility Report  2020
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements contained in this Corporate Responsibility Report regarding matters that are 
not historical facts, may be forward-looking statements (as defined in the U.S. Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding 
management’s intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or forecasts for the future, including 
statements regarding our ESG goals, commitments and programs and other business plans, 
initiatives and objectives.  Words such as “plans, ” “expects, ” “will, ” “anticipates, ” “estimates” and 
similar words are intended to identify estimates and forward-looking statements.
The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements are based on current expectations of future events. If the underlying assumptions 
prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could 
vary materially from the expectations and projections of the Company.  The forward-looking 
statements contained herein are subject generally to the risks and uncertainties that are described 
from time to time in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, 
including under Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K 
and in its subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. Investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. 
Forward-looking statements included herein speak only as of the date hereof and we undertake no 
obligation to revise or update such statements to reflect the occurrence of events or circumstances 
after the date hereof.
DATA
Unless otherwise stated, all data presented is as of December, 31, 2020, unless otherwise stated, and is subject to change.
2020.