2021 Environmental, Social  
& Governance Report
Contents
3 LETTER FROM OUR CEO 
4 ABOUT BROADCOM
5 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AT BROADCOM
9 HIGHLIGHTS FROM 2021
10 PRODUCTS
14 WORKFORCE
25 SUPPLY CHAIN
29 CYBERSECURITY AND DATA PRIVACY
33 ENVIRONMENT
41 GOVERNANCE
46 INVESTING IN OUR COMMUNITIES
51 GRI CONTENT INDEX
55 SASB CONTENT INDEX
57 TCFD INDEX
60 DIVERSITY METRICS APPENDIXAbout This Report
This Environmental, Social and Governance Report was published in February 
2022. Unless otherwise noted, this report covers Broadcom’s fiscal year 2021 ended October 31, 2021 (referred to herein as 2021). 
We intend to continue to report on our ESG programs and initiatives annually.  
For additional information, visit Broadcom’s Corporate Citizenship  page.
To provide feedback or obtain additional information about this report  
and Broadcom’s corporate social responsibility program, please contact  
esg@broadcom.com .
Reporting Guidelines and Content
We prepared this report leveraging the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (core option), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Semiconductors and Software & IT Services Industry Standards and the framework developed by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Interpretation
When we use the terms “Broadcom,” “we,” “us,” “our” and the “company,” we mean Broadcom Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a whole, unless the context otherwise indicates. 
The terms “material” and “materiality” as used in this report and in the ESG 
priorities assessment are different from those terms as used in the context of filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Issues deemed material for the purposes of this report or the ESG priorities assessment may not be deemed material for SEC reporting purposes.
2 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Letter from Our CEO 
As a global technology leader, Broadcom delivers 
products and solutions connecting everything  in 
our lives. Our technologies are included in mission-critical solutions that our customers and their customers depend on and can have a positive impact on our communities. 
Our second Environmental, Social & Governance 
(ESG) Report reflects the feedback we received from our diverse stakeholders and the steps we have taken in 2021 on our ESG journey.
I am proud of our talented workforce who have 
continued to show their dedication and resilience and have allowed us to continue to provide our cutting-edge products and technologies to our customers during the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to taking many proactive measures to keep our workforce safe in 2021, we have focused on strengthening our welcoming and inclusive workplace culture because our workforce is the foundation of our success. 
We also recognize our responsibility to reduce 
our impact on the environment in our operations and with our products. Through our holistic and innovative design and development process, we are continuing to meet the increased demand for high performance and more energy efficient products. In 2022, we plan to launch our first switch co-packaged optics solution to help data center operators reduce their power consumption. Moreover, as the world moves away from fossil fuels and towards green energy systems, such as wind turbines and solar energy systems, our industrial products are able to support these green energy systems and make them more efficient and robust. 
We remain committed to conducting our business 
with integrity, strong corporate governance, respecting human rights and responsibly sourcing materials throughout our global supply chain. As a member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), Broadcom supports the RBA’s vision of a global electronics industry that creates sustainable value for workers, the environment and business. 
We have embarked on our ESG journey, and we 
strive to support the communities in which we work and live while also delivering innovative, best-in-class products to our customers. We look forward to sharing our progress in the coming years. 
 
Hock E. Tan  
President and Chief Executive Officer  
Broadcom Inc. 
3 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
About Broadcom
Broadcom Inc. is a global technology leader 
that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions to many of the world’s largest enterprises and government agencies.
Recognized for our innovation, collaboration 
and engineering excellence, we deliver to our customers proven, mission-critical technologies with a focus on connecting everything  more 
efficiently, reliably and securely.
Our over 50-year history of innovation dates 
back to our diverse origins from Hewlett-Packard Company, AT&T, LSI Corporation, Broadcom Corporation, Brocade Communication Systems, CA, Inc. and Symantec Enterprise Security. 
Our culture of technological innovation continues 
today due to our talented and dedicated employees across the Americas, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.We take pride in our highly efficient operating model. We strive to maximize value for our stockholders, while providing flexibility in how we invest our resources. 
Our disciplined management, operating and 
acquisition strategies have allowed us to increase our dividend every year since we began paying dividends in 2010.
2021 Financial Highlights
$27.5B
in net revenue,  
up 15% from fiscal 
year 2020$4.9B
investment in  
research and 
development$443M
in capital  
expenditures$14.40
in aggregate cash 
dividends, per share  
of common stock 20,000+
EMPLOYEES
12,700+
R&D EMPLOYEES
SAN JOSE, CA
HEADQUARTERS
87
GLOBAL  
OFFICES
10
MANUFACTURING  
FACILITIES
NASDAQ
GLOBAL  
SELECT  
MARKETAVGO
4 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Corporate Responsibility at Broadcom
Our mission is connecting everything . Our corporate social responsibility is to deliver 
technology and infrastructure software solutions to improve the everyday lives of 
people all over the world and to connect people and businesses responsibly.
ESG Governance
ESG — environment, climate, diversity and inclusion, human rights and governance — at Broadcom starts at the top with our Board of Directors and executives. Our Board, through its Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (NESG Committee), oversees our ESG matters, including our corporate social responsibility and sustainability program and initiatives. The NESG Committee receives quarterly updates from our executives on ESG matters and updates the Board at least quarterly. The feedback we receive from our stakeholders on ESG matters is also regularly communicated to the NESG Committee and the Board. Our Board is engaged in the preparation of and reviews our ESG Report.
Our ESG Steering Committee is led by our Chief Operating Officer who reports to 
our Chief Executive Officer. Our ESG Steering Committee includes our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer, President of Broadcom Software Group and executives and senior leaders in our semiconductor business unit, Global Operations (including supply chain and procurement), Human Resources, Legal and Workplace Services. 
The ESG Steering Committee meets quarterly, is responsible for preparing the ESG 
Report, provides status updates to the NESG Committee, and engages with our ESG Working Groups who champion our ESG initiatives across Broadcom. We currently have three main ESG Working Groups that focus and meet separately on diversity and inclusion, environment/climate and human rights/supply chain issues and initiatives for the ESG Steering Committee.NESG  
Committee
ESG Steering  
Committee
ESG Working  
GroupsDiversity &  
InclusionFinance
Global  
Operations
Human  
Resources
Legal
Semiconductor  
Divisions
Software  
Group
Workplace  
Services
Environment / 
Climate
Human Rights / 
Supply ChainBoard  
of  
Directors
5 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Our ESG Priorities 
Our ESG priority assessment from 2020 and stakeholder 
engagement in 2020 and 2021 helped us to understand the ESG issues that are most significant to Broadcom and our stakeholders and guided us in the development of our 2021 corporate social responsibility program and initiatives. 
As part of this assessment, we considered a wide range of 
inputs to identify focus areas, risks and opportunities for Broadcom, including: 
• Leading global reporting guidelines, such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
• Market trends and standards in the semiconductor and software industries, including focus areas set forth by the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)
•  Perspectives and feedback from our stockholders and 
customers on their ESG priorities 
• Engagement with key internal stakeholders, including our employees, senior leadership and internal subject matter experts, to identify and prioritize the ESG issues with the most significant potential impact on our business
Our ESG priorities, which were validated by our ESG Steering Committee and reviewed by our NESG Committee and Board, are the ones we deem most relevant to our stakeholders and to our ability to create long-term value. 
We aim to continue to periodically refresh our ESG priority 
assessment.Our 2021 ESG Priorities
En
ergy use and efficiency 
Greenhouse gas emissions 
Water management Waste management and 
reduction of hazardous materials
ENVIRONMENT
Inclusion, diversity and  
non-discrimination 
Talent recruitment, development  
and retention Employee health and safety Human rights/supply chain
 SOCIAL
GOVERNANCE
6 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORTEthics and integrity 
Corporate governance Cybersecurity and data privacy Product quality
Stakeholder Engagement
We engage with our stakeholders, including stockholders, customers, employees, 
suppliers, public policy makers, communities, non-governmental organizations and industry bodies, to collect valuable input on issues relevant to Broadcom and help us to prioritize key ESG matters in our corporate social responsibility program and initiatives. 
Our CEO and CFO also engage with our investors throughout the year, and our Lead 
Independent Director participates in our annual stockholder engagement efforts. In 2021, we continued our stockholder engagement efforts and our Lead Independent Director, with our Chairman of the Board, engaged with investors owning over 57% of our then outstanding stock.
Below is a list of our various stakeholders and examples of ways in which we engaged with them during 2021.
STOCKHOLDERS•  Annual stockholder engagement program with our Lead 
Independent Director and Chairman of Board•  One-on-one meetings with investors on ESG topics
CUSTOMERS•  Quarterly business reviews, including updates on ESG 
topics and efforts
• Targeted discussions/user groups
• Customer education and training events•  Customer satisfaction and loyalty surveys, including 
through the use of Net Promoter Score methodologies
•  Respond to inquiries related to product regulatory 
compliance and supply chain
GLOBAL 
WORKFORCE• Quarterly CEO global “coffee talks”
•  Business unit “all hands” meetings led by general 
managers and division executives
•  Quarterly global employee newsletters
•  Regular communications regarding COVID-19 health and 
safety measures 
•  Annual Employee Ethical Culture and Engagement Survey•  Diversity and Inclusion site on Broadcom’s intranet
•  Diversity@Broadcom initiative and Lean In Circles
•  Global Compliance Ambassador program to strengthen our 
compliance culture
•  Targeted video-conference trainings on specific topics, such 
as anti-corruption and anti-competition prevention
7 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT(continued on next page)
SUPPLIERS•  Direct outreach on product regulatory compliance, 
conflict minerals and Broadcom’s Supplier Environmental 
and Social Responsibility Code of Conduct  •  Human rights survey of significant global supply chain suppliers
•  Annual supplier expectations letter
PUBLIC POLICY•  Policy engagement and outreach with officials at all levels 
of government — executive, legislative and regulatory
•  Collaborated with industry peers and stakeholder 
organizations to accelerate leading edge technologies to address current chip shortage, close the digital divide, drive 5G implementations and improve energy efficiency•  Participated in U.S. government-led public-private initiatives 
focused on software assurance, supply chain security, ransomware and zero trust architecture
•  Participated in multi-industry initiative to fund the CHIPS for 
America Act
•  Partnered with industry peers to advocate opening 6GHz band 
for next-gen 5G services 
COMMUNITIES & 
ORGANIZATIONS•  Over $1.2 million in donations for COVID-19 relief
•  Over $1.1 million in charitable employee donation 
matching
•  Advancement of STEM education through the  
Broadcom Foundation •  Member of the Semiconductor Industry Association, Global 
Semiconductor Alliance, Responsible Business Alliance, Responsible Mineral Initiative, Cybersecurity Coalition, Joint Cyber Defense Collaborative, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, AmCham EU, Center for Information Policy Leadership and European Internet Forum
8 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORTSupporting United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) provide a framework to address the most pressing social and environmental issues facing the world, including poverty, inequality and climate change and environmental sustainability. 
We believe technology has the power to transform lives and open new avenues for community engagement and economic 
prosperity. Many of our business and charitable activities align with the SDGs as we strive to conduct our business in an ethical, socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner that contributes to growth and innovation and delivers economic, social and environmental benefits for all stakeholders.
Highlights from 2021
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS ALLIANCE 
Joined as a MemberCOVID-19 RESPONSE
Contributed over $1.2 million for COVID-19 reliefMOST GENDER DIVERSE EXECUTIVE  
TEAM IN TECH IN 2021 
Named one of sixteen leading companies with 
highest percentage of women on executive teams
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
Launched Diversity@Broadcom initiative to encourage 
a diverse, equitable and inclusive community
SCHOLARSHIPS FOR WOMEN AND 
UNDERREPRESENTED MINORITIES IN STEM
Provided scholarships to San Jose State University, Colorado 
State University and the Society of Women Engineers
AMERICA’S MOST RESPONSIBLE 
COMPANIES 2021
Recognized by Newsweek for our ESG efforts
FORBES RECOGNITIONS 
Named one of Forbes 2021 World’s Best Employers  
and Forbes 2021 America’s Best Employers for Diversity
CHARITABLE GIFT TO  
CITY OF FORT COLLINS
Provided financial support for specific programs 
and organizations to help respond to COVID-19
CHAMPION OF CHANGE AWARD 
Recognized by Think Together for supporting 
student programs in California in technology  
and innovation
9 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Products
10 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
What We Make 
We design, develop and supply a broad range of leading 
semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions to the world’s largest business and government customers. 
These products and technologies are used in a wide range of 
critical industries, including telecommunications, manufacturing, energy, transportation, healthcare and finance, and in countless other end-products and applications. 
We invest extensively in research and development (R&D) to 
help our products obtain and retain their technology leadership, competitive advantage and performance differentiation. 
Our technologies are ubiquitous. We estimate more than 99% 
of internet data traffic passes through one or more of our technologies during its journey from start to finish. Our Products are Used in
Smart phones, television set-top boxes and media streaming players, Wi-Fi routers, broadband gateways and cable modems
Vehicle infotainment systems, cameras 
and safety sensors
Life-saving medical equipment such as 
ventilators, defibrillators, MRI machines, PET and CT scanners, infusion pumps and other drug delivery devices
Online payment systems to help  
payment-card issuers distinguish legitimate 
transactions from fraudulent ones
Workplaces to safeguard data and  
digital infrastructure from criminals  
and other malicious actors
11 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Helping Customers with Sustainability
Reduce Data Center Power Consumption
Currently, data centers account for 1% of global power consumption. 
By 2030, that number is expected to increase to as much as 13%. Networking in data centers accounts for approximately 9% of a data center’s power consumption and we expect this to continue to grow in the coming years. 
In early 2021, we unveiled our product roadmap for co-packaged 
optics (CPO) solutions, which include the transceiver CPO, switch CPO and AI/ML CPO, aimed at addressing next generation bandwidth and power challenges. Our purpose-built switch CPO platform combines Broadcom’s leading-edge switch silicon and optics on the same package substrate to deliver the industry’s highest power efficiency. Having the switch directly driving the optics significantly reduces the interconnect power and thereby increases the system power handling capability. Compared to conventional discrete solutions, these switch CPO solutions are expected to deliver 30% power consumption savings while providing 40% lower optics costs per bit. 
Broadcom is best positioned to lead CPO product development and 
help data center operators reduce their power consumption.
For more information, see our Co-Packaged Optics (CPO) .Enable Green Energy Systems
As the world moves toward green energy systems and away from fossil fuels, Broadcom’s industrial products continue to help support these green energy systems. 
Broadcom optocouplers are used in an array of green applications 
ranging from solar and wind inverters, energy storage, automotive electric vehicles, and charging and power supplies. 
The popularity of Broadcom optocouplers in these green applications 
is due to their ability to drive inverters more efficiently, to reduce copper losses by providing high insulation voltage and to consume less power during current sensing and data transmission.
For example, Broadcom’s isolated gate drive and optocoupler 
products are used in renewable energy storage systems that store electricity when the demand is low and supply stored electricity when the demand is high. This improves the energy efficiency of the power generation system and stabilizes operation of the electricity grid – both at a utility scale and a home scale.
For more information, see our Optocouplers and Opto-Isolators  and Industrial Fiber Optics .
12 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Quality and Reliability
Our reputation for product excellence is built upon the innovation, quality and reliability of our 
products. We continue to achieve this by:
•   Clearly understanding customer needs and providing products that meet those needs
•   Integrating quality management principles into critical business processes and decision-
making practices
•   Continuously improving the effectiveness of our quality management system, processes  
and products, to enhance their value for our customers
•   Establishing strict quality standards and requiring suppliers, partners and contractors to 
comply with them
•   Maintaining our quality management system to manage product life cycle processes 
and procedures in conformance with the requirements of International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 9001
•   Complying with the relevant regulatory requirements, including RoHS, REACH and 
regulations related to Conflict Minerals
Our Chief Operations Officer reviews quality issues, including customer returns, every month. We expect our employees to provide products that meet legal requirements and are safe for their intended markets and applications, as outlined by our Broadcom Product Safety and Regulations Policy .
Elimination of Hazardous Materials 
from Products
The elimination of hazardous materials from products is a global initiative, with each region 
or country imposing its own legislation to eliminate these harmful substances from the environment. For more information on Broadcom’s efforts, please refer to our Product 
Material Environmental Specifications  and General Specification for the Environment (GSE) .
Broadcom offers a broad portfolio of RoHS-compliant products. Rigorous testing procedures ensure the performance integrity of Broadcom’s portfolio of products, regardless of the materials and processes employed.ISO Certification
Our quality management system and processes are aligned with the requirements of ISO 9001, and we choose suppliers with quality management systems of equal rigor. We expect our suppliers and partners to comply with our Suppliers & Partners Quality System Requirements . Certain of our sites 
are ISO 9001 certified. For more information, please refer to our certificates: ISO 9001 Certificate  and International Automotive Task 
Force (IATF) 16949 Certificate .
ISO
9001
13 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Workforce
14 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
At Broadcom, we understand that our workforce is the foundation of our success. 
Having a talented, engaged and diverse workforce makes us a strong, resilient 
and innovative company. We are able to recruit and retain our highly skilled and dedicated workforce due to our workplace culture, which encourages our employees to push for excellence and innovation, and rewards and supports them for giving their best.
Employee Engagement
Having highly engaged employees is a key component to Broadcom’s success. We measure our employees’ engagement by our voluntary attrition rate and our Employee Ethical Culture Survey. Our voluntary attrition rate and responses to our Employee Ethical Culture Survey help us to continue to improve and create an environment that is supportive of our employees and where our employees feel their contributions are valued. 
In 2021, we were recognized as one of Forbes’ 
World’s Best Employers and America’s Best Employers for Diversity.Supporting Fair Labor and 
Human Rights
Broadcom’s employment practices and 
policies support the fundamental human rights principles of freely chosen employment, non-discrimination, the elimination of forced and underage labor and the rights of workers to organize and freely associate, as articulated in the International Labour Organization Conventions. 
Our employees are aware of 
their rights. We currently have a number of employees under collective bargaining agreements in various countries. 
As part of our commitment to human rights, 
we conduct an annual internal human rights assessment and have found no human  
rights concerns.
15 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT6.8%
VOLUNTARY ATTRITION RATE IN 2021 
Our global voluntary attrition rate in 2021, which does not include employees who left as a result of restructuring, divestitures or terminations for cause, was 6.8%, which is below the technology  
industry benchmark (AON, 2021 Salary Increase and Turnover Study —  
Second Edition, September 2021). 
Workforce Snapshot
At the end of 2021, Broadcom had approximately 20,000 employees in  
29 countries around the world. Our EEO-1 report for our employees in the  
U.S. can be found at the Corporate Citizenship webpage on our external 
company website.
Here is a snapshot of our workforce as of October 31, 2021.
Global Workforce by Gender
 Male
 FemaleEMPLOYEES
20.8%
79.2%PEOPLE MANAGERS
13.5%
86.5%
R&D EMPLOYEES 
13.3%
86.7%NON-R&D EMPLOYEES 
33.9%
66.0%Empl
oyee Locations
 U.S.
 Canada & Latin America
 EMEA Asia-Pacific India16.9%
17.8%
11.3%2.3%
51.6%
U.S. Workforce
 American Indian/Alaska Native Asian Black/African American Hispanic/Latinx Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander Other/not declared Two or more White/CaucasianEMPLOYEES
0.2%
3.4%
0.2%
1.0%
5.9%1.4%48.2%
39.6%PEOPLE MANAGERS
4.5%38.9% 51.8%0.1%
3.0%
0.1%
0.7%0.9%
R&D EMPLOYEES
37.7%
53.6%0.1%
1.8%0.2%
0.6%
0.8%
5.2%NON-R&D EMPLOYEES
67.2%14.3%
0.5%
1.6%0.3% 7.3%6.3%2.5%
16 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
M&A Integration
We are proud that many knowledgeable and talented 
employees from our acquired companies and businesses, such as LSI, Brocade, CA and Symantec Enterprise Security, have decided to join us. It is not always easy to successfully integrate upon closing an acquisition, and we do not take this challenge lightly. We take a thoughtful approach when integrating our acquired companies and businesses and workforces. 
Leaders from the acquired companies and businesses 
who join us help to ensure that employee morale is maintained and attrition is limited. Currently, in addition to Kirsten Spears, our Chief Financial Officer, and Charlie Kawwas, our Chief Operating Officer, over 40% of our executives and general managers who lead business units within Broadcom have joined us through acquisitions. 
Our CEO, executives and many different groups, such 
as Human Resources, Finance, Legal, Global Technology Organization, Global Operations and Workplace Services, are actively involved in planning integration and ensuring a supportive integration upon closing the acquisition. We provide the employees who have decided to join us with orientation, compliance and product trainings, and onboarding and transition assistance so that they can quickly integrate into Broadcom and be part of the Broadcom team from “day one” of closing the acquisition. 
Our Broadcom Software Group, under the leadership 
of Tom Krause who was previously our Chief Financial Officer and is now the President of this group, is the product of our commitment to integration planning and is an example of how our employees from our acquired companies and businesses are engaged and working together to build one of the world’s leading enterprise software businesses within Broadcom.
17 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORTDiversity, Equity and Inclusion
Broadcom is a multi-national, multi-cultural company that employs people of many different nationalities, ethnicities, cultures, abilities, backgrounds, faiths and beliefs. Our goal is to create a welcoming and inclusive culture, which empowers our workforce to give their best, collaborate and contribute to our collective success. 
Diversity@Broadcom
In 2021, we launched the Diversity@Broadcom initiative to encourage a diverse, equitable and inclusive community at Broadcom. 
Our Senior Vice President and General Manager of our Optical Systems 
Division and our Vice President and General Manager of our PreAmp Components Division were the executive sponsors of the Diversity@Broadcom initiative. The Diversity@Broadcom initiative is also supported by a steering committee at Broadcom that is comprised of several of our executives and general managers who report to our CEO and lead business units at Broadcom. 
Through the Diversity@Broadcom initiative, we commenced a quarterly 
global Leadership Talk series featuring Broadcom executives and other industry leaders. The purpose of the Leadership Talk series is to provide a forum for leaders and our employees to share their experiences and discuss leadership, diversity, equity and inclusion within our industry. 
We also established through the Diversity@Broadcom initiative Lean 
In Circles within Broadcom. The Lean In Circles provide our employees with peer mentorship and a safe space where they can share their experiences, build new skills and lead. We have approximately a dozen Lean In Circles, including LGBT at Broadcom, Neurodiversity at Work: ASD Allies, Tech Moms Driving Career Growth and Women in Mainframe IT. We are excited to support this important community network for our employees and look forward to the program growing over the coming years.
Hiring
We strive to recruit and hire diverse 
candidates and advance qualified women, minorities, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are increasing our efforts to recruit and retain candidates from underrepresented communities, including recruiting on websites focused on diverse backgrounds and experiences. 
In 2021, we required our managers to take 
unconscious bias training to encourage awareness of unconscious bias in recruiting and hiring. In addition, we regularly monitor our various programs and policies related to employment decisions and equal opportunity and we annually assess our affirmative action programs and policies to identify and address areas of potential improvement.
STEM Pipeline
It is important to Broadcom that we 
improve the representation of women and underrepresented communities in technical roles in our pipeline of candidates. 
We partner with the Broadcom Foundation, 
a non-profit organization funded from our subsidiary Broadcom Corporation, to advance science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education for women and underrepresented youth. Broadcom believes that cultivating interest in STEM, providing equitable access to STEM education and preparing students to be college and career-ready to succeed in STEM fields is key to creating the engineers, scientists and innovators of tomorrow who will ultimately fill our pipeline of candidates. 
With annual grants of over $4 million, the 
Broadcom Foundation has supported regional, national and international science fairs, coding programs and competitions and after/out-of-school programs for pre-college students. Our employees also volunteer their time to mentor, participate in STEM education programs and judge competitions. Scholarships
At the end of 2021, approximately 64% of our 
employees worldwide were in research and development (R&D) roles. 
Broadcom is committed to improving the 
pipeline of women and underrepresented communities in these technical roles, particularly in the field of engineering. 
In 2021, we provided scholarships focused 
toward electrical engineering and computer science students from underrepresented communities at San Jose State University and Colorado State University, both of which are located near several of our larger facilities in the U.S. In addition, we sponsored scholarships with the Society of Women Engineers.
18 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Compensation and Benefits
Compensation
Broadcom’s success depends on the 
continued ability to attract, motivate and retain our workforce. Competition for talented employees is significant in many locations where we operate, such as Silicon Valley and Southeast Asia. 
As a result, we provide competitive 
compensation and benefit programs to our employees, including performance-based compensation (such as our annual cash bonus program, sales incentive plans and spot bonuses) and equity awards. Broadcom is different from its peer companies because a vast majority of our employees receive equity awards that vest over time. We grant equity to our employees because we want our employees to share in Broadcom’s success. 
We believe that equity compensation aligns 
the interest of our employees with our stockholders, is a key factor in recruiting and retaining top talent and assists in the successful and rapid integration of our employees who join Broadcom through acquisitions.
Nurse Triage 24 Hour Program
In 2021, we provided Nurse Triage 24 Hour (NT24) to our U.S. employees. NT24 is a hotline that is staffed 24 hours a day and 365 days out of the year by highly-trained registered nurses. 
NT24 gives our U.S. employees access to immediate 
medical guidance for non-emergency work-related injuries or illnesses. NT24’s registered nurses help determine the level of care required, and our U.S. employees are guided through self-care or referred to a medical provider if treatment beyond self-care is needed.
Pay Equity
As part of our effort to ensure employee equality and pay equity, in 2021 we engaged a third-party firm to conduct a pay equity evaluation focusing on subsets of our global population, including the U.S. 
After accounting for factors such as job 
and location, this evaluation revealed that, on average, pay was equitable for employees in the same job doing the same work when comparing women to men globally, or when comparing Asian, Black/African American, or Hispanic/Latinx to White/Caucasian employees in the U.S.
19 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Benefits, Health and Well-Being
The health and well-being of our employees is important 
to Broadcom. 
In 2021, we were able to return to the office and maintain 
on-site operations during COVID-19 because we took numerous additional proactive measures to protect and invest in the health and well-being of our employees. We proactively consulted with third-party certified industrial hygienists and epidemiologists in adopting additional protective measures on top of complying with government mandated safety protocols and industry standards. Please see the Health and Safety During COVID-19  section for more information about our 
COVID-19 safety actions. 
We offer a range of benefits to our employees beyond 
the traditional healthcare benefits and insurance. Our U.S. benefits include:
• Employee Assistance Programs (EAP), including mental health services
• Paid parental leave
• Adoption assistance
• Increased sick-leave flexibility in response to COVID-19
• Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
• Retirement planning
• Education Assistance Program
• Nurse Triage 24 Hour (NT24) support
To help reduce stress and encourage mindfulness, we provide wellness and prayer/meditation rooms. We also subsidize our on-site cafeterias that feature healthy dietary options, including vegetarian and halal options where available.
20 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Development and Feedback
Training
We encourage our employees to strengthen their skills and keep them 
up to date. 
We provide structured, job-specific technical training and testing 
for our manufacturing and operational employees. We also provide numerous technical product trainings to our sales personnel. 
Each business unit has the ability to establish its own training and 
development programs, including intern and mentorship programs. For example, employees in our Agile Operations Division (AOD) have the opportunity to participate in knowledge sharing events, mentoring programs and a variety of learning communities. In addition, AOD invests in our current and future leaders through an extensive leadership program — Unleashing Your Leadership Potential — that provides them with the tools and experience to drive real business results.
Throughout the year, all of our employees (including part-time employees) 
and contractors are required to complete trainings that support Broadcom’s values and culture, such as our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, harassment prevention, anti-corruption, protection of confidential information, data privacy and security, unconscious bias, human rights, anti-competition prevention and export compliance trainings.
170,000+
ASSIGNED LEARNING HOURS IN 2021 
In 2021, our employees and contractors completed a total of over 170,000 assigned learning hours, including over 30,000 assigned learning hours of technical training. Feedback
Our managers have multiple opportunities throughout the year to provide performance feedback to their team members, including feedback on career and skill development. Our review and decisions on annual salary, bonuses, equity award grants and promotions occur in different quarters throughout the year, and at each of those times managers are required to evaluate their team members’ performance and provide them feedback. 
Educational Assistance Program
Our Educational Assistance program is available to all employees (including part-time employees) and provides them with financial assistance to take academic classes or relevant degree programs that are work-related and provide knowledge and skills to enhance their job performance. 
During 2021, we reimbursed employees a total of over $430,000 in 
tuition expenses under this program.
21 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Employee Health and Safety
Maintaining a safe and healthy work environment is important for the 
well-being and productivity of our employees. 
We continue to make strides in engaging our employees to design 
and implement safe work processes that eliminate hazards and reduce occupational health and safety (OHS) risks in our operations. 
EHS Management System
Our Employee Health and Safety (EHS) management system and processes apply to all of our facilities globally, and we maintain third party ISO 14001 certification  at certain sites. To drive EHS compliance 
across Broadcom facilities, we assign site coordinators and develop and implement site-specific EHS Compliance Plans that consider local OHS risks in our operations, the environment and legal requirements. EHS Compliance Plan implementation is tracked and regularly reported to senior management.
In 2021, we updated our Occupational Health & Safety Policy  to better 
align with international and Singapore OHS management system 
standards (ISO 45001:2018 and SS 651:2019).
Communication and Training
Our EHS intranet site provides information to our employees, including COVID-19 pandemic information, emergency action plans, work-related injury reporting systems, EHS Compliance Plans and other EHS programs, procedures and guidelines. 
We also provide self-paced online EHS training courses to help our employees 
understand their responsibilities and the resources available to them.
For the past five years in the U.S.
64% 
DECREASE IN TOTAL INJURY AND ILLNESS CASE RATES
44% 
DECREASE IN LOST WORKDAY CASES
22 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT0
WORK-RELATED FATALITIES GLOBALLY IN 2021
Health and Safety Performance
In 2021, we implemented processes for reporting occupational injuries and illnesses 
so global rates could be more consistently managed and tracked. Once reported, we conduct an incident investigation and root cause analysis, as needed, to determine appropriate corrective and preventive actions. 
Our semiconductor manufacturing and laboratory operations represent our most 
significant health and safety risks, due to higher potential exposure to chemicals and machinery-related hazards at such sites.
Continued focus on managing and reducing these risks has helped us maintain U.S. 
occupational injury and illness lost-time case rates significantly below the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) occupational injury and illness incidence rate averages for the semiconductors, computer system design and software publishers industries in which we operate over the last five years. 
In 2021, we had 22 recordable cases and 11 lost workday cases representing a total of 
347 lost workdays globally.
In 2021, our global total injury and illness case rate was 0.11 cases per 100 employees, 
and our lost workday case rate was 0.05 cases per 100 employees. There were no work-related fatalities globally in 2021.
On-site Health Clinic
Since March 2018, our Fort Collins manufacturing facility has partnered with UCHealth to provide our employees with access to medical care through an on-site health clinic. 
The clinic is open during hours that overlap 
all employee shifts and is staffed by a Physician Assistant and a Medical Assistant, who can provide both personal primary care and occupational surveillance and treatment. Since September 2020, the clinic has had almost 2,500 visits, involving a range of services such as workers compensation injury/illness evaluation, treatment and medical surveillance, such as audiograms, pulmonary function testing, respirator clearance and mask fitting. 
The clinic also provides personal primary 
care such as immunizations, blood draws, rapid diagnostic testing and drop-in vital sign measurements. 
During the COVID-19 pandemic, the on-
site clinician has been an active participant of Broadcom’s COVID-19 mitigation team to help maintain a healthy workplace and enable continuous facility operations by communicating with each employee who reported COVID-19 symptoms or exposure, giving them testing and treatment guidance and clearing them to return to work per Broadcom’s COVID-19 Mitigation Policy guidelines. 
23 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Health and Safety During COVID-19
During 2021, we continued to focus on keeping our employees and 
contractors safe and healthy during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In consultation with third-party certified industrial hygienists and 
epidemiologists, we adopted and enhanced numerous COVID-19 initiatives, including: 
• Provided masks, gloves, hand sanit izers and disinfecting cleanin g 
supplies for all on-site personnel, and ma ndated that personnel 
wear mask s on site
•I mplemented ma nual and app-based  contact tra cing thr ough  
our connect@broadcom app at  most sites
•Required thermal scann ing cam eras and infrared conta ctless 
thermometers at all locations upon  entry and exit
• Implemented rotating shifts, reco nfigured work spaces and  
revised seating assignments to reduc e employee density in our  
facilities and promote social distancing
•Significantly enhanced clean ing proto cols, including f requent  
intraday sanitization of high conta ct common areas and surfaces  
and daily electrostatic disinfection of common areas and  
conference rooms in many of our locat ions
• Deployed portable HEPA filtration units for conference rooms  
and limited the number of peop le permitted in a conference  
room at a time
• Provided COVID-19 PCR and rapid a ntigen test kits
• Provided mental health support t o our employees through our  
EAP, various health insurance provider s ponsored initiatives and  
meditation workshopsCOVID-19 Vaccination Clinics
As vaccines became available in 2021, we provided our employees and contractors with information about how they could obtain the vaccines with the goal of keeping our employees, contractors and their family members safe. 
We provided 23 free on-site vaccination clinics for our employees, 
contractors and their dependents at 16 Broadcom sites in the U.S. and India. We also rolled out mega vaccination drives in India for more than 3,500 employees, contractors and their dependents over three months and in Malaysia for more than 1,000 employees and contractors over two months. 
24 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Supply Chain
25 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
We are committed to supporting ethical business conduct, respecting human rights and responsibly 
sourcing materials throughout our global supply chain. We outsource most of our manufacturing and strive to work with responsible supply chain partners that are leaders in the industry. 
Supply Chain Management 
Our Supplier Environmental and Social 
Responsibility Code of Conduct  (Supplier 
Code), which we updated in 2021 to reflect the RBA Code of Conduct, is the foundation of our responsible sourcing practices. Our Supplier Code establishes our expectations regarding workplace standards and business practices for our suppliers—including with respect to labor and human rights, health and safety, the environment and anti-corruption. 
In addition to our Supplier Code , our 
Conflict Minerals Policy , supplier onboarding 
procedures and contract and purchase 
order terms establish the standards and expectations for our suppliers regarding human rights and other ESG-related issues.
We comply with the U.S. federal 
government’s requirements for government contractors, as set forth in our internal Broadcom Combating Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan. 
We also publish an annual Statement Against 
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking , in 
compliance with the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, the U.K. Modern Slavery Act and the Australian Modern Slavery Act.Supplier Audits
In addition to the supplier human rights survey, our Global Operations and Internal Audit teams regularly audit our suppliers to evaluate their operations and compliance with various Broadcom and human rights-related requirements, including compliance with wage and hour labor laws, safe and respectful working conditions, written employment agreements and prohibitions on charging workers recruitment fees. While these audits are typically on-site audits at the supplier location, we adjusted and primarily conducted our audits remotely in 2021 due  
to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Supplier Diversity
We seek to source goods and services from minority-owned, woman-owned, historically underutilized businesses, veteran-owned, service-disabled veteran-owned, small and disadvantaged businesses that are able to provide quality goods and services in a  
timely and competitive manner. We also include women- and minority-owned firms  
in our corporate debt financing syndicates.
In 2021, Broadcom became a 
member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA). 
We are committed to upholding 
RBA’s vision of a global electronics industry that creates sustainable value for workers, the environment and business.
As a member of RBA, we have 
applied some elements of RBA’s tools in our supplier audits. 
26 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
2021 Supplier Engagement 
Although we primarily outsource our manufacturing, we regularly engage with our 
suppliers and we are working to improve our multi-tier supply chain visibility. 
In 2021, we undertook several initiatives to strengthen our human rights program 
within our supply chain, including: 
• Becoming a member of RBA 
• Updating our Supplier Code to reflect the RBA Code of Conduct and translating our Supplier Code into Chinese 
• Updating our supplier onboarding process to increase screening for human rights-related matters
• Expanding our supplier monitoring program to screen for human rights issues, which includes over 90% of our current supply chain suppliers (based on our 2020 supplier spend)
• Sending our first annual supplier expectations communication to reinforce our commitment to a responsible supply chain and provide suppliers with information on our supply chain human rights program, including our updated Supplier Code and access to training• Conducting an expanded human rights survey of our supply chain suppliers
• Remediating human rights concerns raised in our 2020 supplier human rights survey—specifically four suppliers who used fines to discipline workers and one supplier who did not permit collective bargaining no longer engage in these prohibited practices
•  Offering human rights and forced 
labor prevention training to our suppliers
•  Providing human rights and forced 
labor prevention training to our employees
•  Requiring our larger manufacturing 
suppliers to certify adherence to our Supplier Code on an annual basisAnnual Supplier Survey
In 2021, we conducted our 
second annual survey of our significant suppliers for human rights-related issues. 
We achieved a 100% survey response rate from our second annual survey. 
We identified and surveyed our 
largest suppliers globally (based on 2020 supplier spend data) that were not part of our 2020 supplier human rights survey. These suppliers, collectively with the suppliers surveyed in 2020, represent over 90% of our supply chain (based on our 2020 supplier spend). 
We found no instances of forced 
labor, child labor, slavery or human trafficking among Broadcom’s suppliers. However, we identified one supplier, who is located in Europe, who may use fines as a method of discipline for its workers. While this practice is legal in the jurisdiction and the supplier has a well-defined written escalating disciplinary process supported by the local trade union, we have actively engaged with this supplier and requested that it discontinues this practice.
27 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Preventing Forced Labor Training
In 2021, as part of our ongoing efforts to educate and raise awareness of 
forced labor and human trafficking issues, we required human rights awareness and forced labor prevention training for relevant employees in our Global Operations, HR, Legal, Procurement and supply chain functions who have a direct responsibility for supply chain management. Our employees working with our U.S. government customers participate in combating trafficking in persons training and prevention of forced labor training on an annual basis. We achieved a 100% completion rate for both of these trainings in 2021.
Responsible Minerals Sourcing 
We are committed to socially responsible sourcing of conflict minerals (cassiterite, columbite-tantalite, gold, wolframite, and/or their derivatives tin, tantalum and tungsten) included in our products. 
We are a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), and leverage RMI’s 
resources to conduct our conflict minerals supply chain due diligence, including using RMI’s database of suppliers that are listed on the Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP) Conformant Smelter List. We strongly support our industry’s efforts to expand the smelter certification program and the audit process. 
We continued our annual due diligence of our supply chain for the use 
of conflict minerals in the design and manufacturing of our products in conjunction with our annual SEC reporting. Due to the nature of our supply chain where we outsource most of our manufacturing, we do not typically have a direct relationship with the smelters and refiners (SORs). 
In 2020, 95% (245 out of 259) of the active SORs potentially in our supply 
chain were certified “conflict free” under the RMAP audit process. This high level of conformance is due to our on-going efforts to identify conflict minerals risks in our supply chain and encourage our suppliers to purchase materials only from SORs that are certified as “conflict free” in compliance with RMAP protocols. For more information, see our Conflict Minerals Policy  and our  
2020 Conflict Minerals Report . 
COVID-19 and 
Supply Challenges
As the COVID-19 pandemic continued in 2021, we experienced some disruption in our supply chain when facilities of our key suppliers and service providers were impacted or operated with limited resources and workers. In response, we worked closely with our supply chain to safeguard their workers’ health and ensure continued supply of products and services. 
As we enter into 2022, we are also facing 
supply challenges. Similar to the way we responded to COVID-19, we will continue to monitor and engage our supply chain to ensure human rights are protected while focusing on business continuity. 
28 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Cybersecurity 
and Data Privacy
29 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
At Broadcom, cybersecurity and data privacy form a core part of our corporate mission and are critical to protecting our customers, company 
and the broader digital ecosystem. Our Chief Information Officer provides quarterly updates on cybersecurity risks to the Audit Committee and 
annually reports to the Board on our cybersecurity risks and initiatives.
Protecting Our Communities 
Our Symantec cybersecurity solutions strengthen the defenses of global institutions against organized crime syndicates operating online. In addition to providing the latest technical countermeasures against cyber threats, we frequently collaborate with law enforcement agencies and other partners around the world to help neutralize transnational cyber-threats. 
Our technical expertise and unique visibility into threat actors’ 
tactics have helped authorities break up cyber-crime networks and successfully prosecute or disrupt criminal offenders worldwide, including actors responsible for prolific Trojans, ransomware, distributed-denial-of-service campaigns and crypto-mining hijacks. Our commitment to cybersecurity is also reflected in our support for victims of computer fraud and abuse in their pursuit of civil remedies to disrupt or seize control of malicious infrastructure.
We want to ensure our commercial cybersecurity technologies, 
and the research activities that support them, are deployed and conducted responsibly and ethically. Our Cyber Social Responsibility Policy imposes guardrails on our collection and sharing of cyber threat intelligence and includes controls designed to prevent the misuse of our security technologies.Protecting Our Customers
We strive to incorporate cybersecurity and privacy into the full lifecycle of our products and to be transparent with our customers and other stakeholders about our cybersecurity and privacy policies and practices. We maintain a privacy portal  on our corporate website 
that includes our privacy policies, standard contractual clauses for international data transfers and product-specific transparency statements that disclose categories of data collection and processing, the identities and locations of sub-processors and privacy-enhancing product features.
In 2021, we completed a comprehensive mapping of our international 
data flows in anticipation of the new EU Standard Contractual Clauses. We also took steps to assess and prepare for the emergence of new regulatory requirements on critical infrastructure and supply chain security in sectors that we serve.
Joint Cyber Defense Collaborative
In 2021, Broadcom was selected to join the Joint Cyber Defense Collaborative (JCDC). The JCDC is a joint collaboration between federal agencies and the private sector led by the Cyber Security and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) to strengthen U.S. cyber defenses through planning, preparation and information sharing. As a member of the JCDC, we are proud to help lead the development of cyber defense plans to protect our nation against cyber activity targeting U.S. critical infrastructure.
30 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Ensuring Effectiveness
As a part of our own enterprise security program, we maintain 
a comprehensive portfolio of information security management system policies designed around the ISO/IEC 27001 standards, and we maintain an ISO 27001:2013 certification for the Customer Support infrastructure of our software businesses. 
Our cloud-based Software-as-a-Service solutions also undergo 
routine audits for compliance with applicable security-controls standards such as the American Institute of CPAs’ Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, Confidentiality and Privacy (SOC 2) and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).
We conduct third-party penetration testing of our corporate 
and customer-facing networks at least annually and routinely scan servers, applications, endpoints and network devices for vulnerabilities. All issues identified as critical, high or medium risks are remediated in a timely manner.
Secure Software Development Policy
In 2021, as high-profile cyber-attacks targeted 
parts of the global information technology supply chain, we undertook a comprehensive review of our “digital assurance” practices, including an analysis of the security and privacy aspects of 
our own software development operations. This resulted in an updated corporate Secure Software Development Policy, which mandates use of security- and privacy-by-design principles throughout the software development lifecycle.
Employee Awareness
Due to an increase in high-profile cyber-attacks and employees working from home during the COVID-19 pandemic, we enhanced our employees’ awareness and knowledge of security and privacy issues by: 
• Conducting quarterly email phishing simulations that targeted a majority of our employees 
• Requiring all of our employees to complete annual data security and privacy awareness trainings that covered cybersecurity, phishing, data protection and privacy topics
• Launching an extensive, real-life scenario tabletop exercise for our employees responsible for our data security to stress-test our incident-response procedures and response time that required global, cross-functional participation from our employees in our Global Technology Organization, Broadcom Software Group, Legal, Human Resources and Corporate Marketing
• Launching a National Cybersecurity Awareness Month campaign in October, including providing additional guidance and resources, such as real-life phishing examples and best practices in cybersecurity and privacy
31 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Protecting Our Company 
We have a dedicated privacy group that reports to the Chief 
Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and oversees all aspects of our corporate privacy program. We also have an internal privacy working group that consists of global, cross-functional employees from our Global Technology Organization, Legal and business units and works to promote a uniform and coordinated approach to various privacy challenges.
We log and track cybersecurity and privacy matters from 
emergence to resolution, including data subject access requests, data processor risk management, privacy impact assessments, records of processing activities, incident response activities and other privacy compliance issues. 
We also actively engage in matters related to data governance by 
responding to regulatory consultations and providing public policy feedback based on our real-life experiences across the regions where we do business. 
Protecting our Employees during COVID-19
Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we have tried to balance the need to manage information that would enable us to effectively protect our workforce and provide a safe work environment with the need to maintain privacy of personal information and especially health-related information as required by applicable law in each jurisdiction. 
We worked cross-functionally with different business stakeholders to 
provide innovative solutions that would enable employees to enter the office safely, maintain social distancing and where permissible, assist contact tracing efforts. 
32 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Environment
33 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
At Broadcom, we seek to manage our business in a sustainable manner that 
considers the impact of both our direct operations and supply chain on the planet. We strive to continuously improve our operations by managing resources effectively and finding innovative ways to produce our products more efficiently. 
Our semiconductor business primarily operates through a fabless production 
model where we outsource the vast majority of the manufacturing of our semiconductor products to trusted third-party suppliers and foundries. 
Managing our environmental impact allows us to be prepared for climate-
related risks and capitalize on climate-related opportunities, making Broadcom more resilient to climate change while allowing us to increase operational performance and reduce costs. 
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) 
We leveraged the framework developed by the Task Force on Climate-
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to communicate our approach to addressing climate-related risks and opportunities through governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets. 
We follow an integrated approach to addressing climate change, and 
multiple personnel from our Global Operations, Workplace Services, manufacturing and product division groups are responsible for managing climate-related activities, initiatives and policies. Our senior executives and our NESG Committee and Audit Committee review climate-related risks and opportunities and related strategies on an annual basis.
We describe our overall risk management processes in our 2022 Proxy 
Statement, and we describe our climate-related risks and opportunities within this report and in the “Risk Factors” section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
A more detailed mapping of our climate disclosures aligned with the 
recommendations of the TCFD and SASB framework (Semiconductors and Software & IT Industry Standards) is included in the Appendix.
At Broadcom, we understand 
that climate change poses an immense challenge for society and that a collective effort is required to effectively mitigate the impacts.
In preparation for our next ESG Report to be published in 2023, we are currently conducting an evaluation of Scope 3 greenhouse gases (GHG) emissions categories to assess which categories are relevant to our business and where we can start collecting and reporting Scope 3 emissions data in the future.
Additionally, we are in the process of 
evaluating GHG emissions reduction and sustainability target disclosures.
34 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Managing Our Environmental Impact 
Energy and water use, GHG emissions and 
waste generation represent Broadcom’s priority environmental impact areas, both directly at our proprietary manufacturing locations and indirectly through our outsourced manufacturing activities. 
To help us manage these impacts, we employ 
robust environmental management practices and have implemented a global Environment and Sustainability Policy , which requires that we:
• Ensure our products and operations comply with applicable environmental legislation and other related compliance obligations
• Operate and continually improve an environmental management system that strives to align with our business practices and set objectives that enhance environmental performance
• Conduct our operations in a manner that supports recycling, conservation of resources, prevention of pollution and protection of the environment
• Responsibly manage the use of hazardous substances in our operations and products
• Inform our suppliers, partners and contractors of our environmental expectations and encourage them to adopt sound environmental management practices
• Promote environmental stewardship and sustainability within our organization 
• Publicly communicate our environmental priorities and performance annually Our environmental management system, which serves as a framework for our global operations, is aligned with International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001 and guides our efforts in achieving the expectations set forth by our Environment and Sustainability Policy . Additionally, we track and review our 
environmental data, such as energy and GHG emissions, water usage and waste generated, and we look for ways to improve our environmental performance over time. Our head of Workplace Services, who is responsible for our environmental management system, reports directly to our CEO.
In our 2020 ESG Report, we reported our 
energy, emissions and water data for our U.S. operations. In this report, we expanded our reporting to include this data from our global operations. We have also increased our efforts to collect and analyze waste data from our global facilities, and this report includes waste data from our owned facilities and hazardous waste data from our Workplace Services-managed manufacturing facilities.
ISO Certifications
Since 2006, our Singapore and Charlotte, North Carolina manufacturing facilities and our office in Penang, Malaysia have achieved ISO 14001 certification  for 
environmental management. 
This rigorous international 
certification is focused on continuous improvement to increase efficiency in the use of resources, prevent negative environmental impacts and build awareness among employees in reducing their environmental footprint. 
ISO
14001
35 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Fort Collins Manufacturing Facility
Our Fort Collins, Colorado facility is our largest manufacturing 
facility and we are proud that it has been recognized as a Gold Environmental Leader by the Colorado Department of Public Health & Environment since 2010 and is a Platinum ClimateWise Member in the City of Fort Collins Sustainability Partnership since 2000. 
As a Gold Environmental Leader, our Fort Collins manufacturing 
facility demonstrated a fully operational, facility-specific Environmental Management System (EMS) that goes beyond compliance requirements. The goal of the ClimateWise program is to reduce carbon emissions through voluntary business engagement and sustainable business practices.Energy and Emissions Reduction
In order to drive operational improvement, our Fort Collins manufacturing facility routinely reviews the efficiency of equipment, technologies and processes, and looks for ways to reduce our energy consumption and emissions. We have many on-going long-term efficiency improvement and emission reduction projects at our Fort Collins manufacturing facility, such as:
• Purchasing several additional GHG abatement units in 2021 that are expected to result in a 14% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions at our Fort Collins manufacturing facility
•  Upgrading one chiller to increase efficiency and provide greater 
capability, with anticipated savings of 167,000 kWh of electricity per year
Managing Environmental Impacts
We recognize that climate change is creating serious issues for the Colorado and western U.S. regions. Our Fort Collins manufacturing facility has installed improved outside air filtration to overcome increased particles in the air from what has become near continuous summer wildfires and other particles, such as dust from winds and dry soil due to drought. We have also optimized HVAC systems through incoming air damper adjustments, increased use of carbon filters for odor reduction and introduced high efficiency pre-filters to minimize outside particulates from entering into the office space and manufacturing areas. 
We continue to be concerned about reduced snowpack and lower 
amounts of rainfall and their impacts on our operations. To date the Fort Collins manufacturing facility has had no interruptions to operations due to water shortages, however we continue to implement water savings programs to help lessen demand on the water shed.
36 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Global Energy and Emissions
We actively monitor and collect data on the electricity and fuel 
we consume in our facilities, as well as process gases including perfluorocarbon (PFC) used in tooling, which are the primary drivers of our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. 
For this report, we calculated GHG emissions associated with 
our electricity, natural gas, fuel, refrigerant, PFC and process gas consumption/loss for both office and manufacturing facilities globally. PFCs and process gases are required for certain tools in the semiconductor manufacturing process, including CVD chamber cleaning and etching equipment. Semiconductor manufacturing processes also use fluorinated compounds including perfluorocarbons, hydrofluorocarbons, nitrogen trifluoride and sulfur hexafluoride as well as fluorinated heat transfer fluids and nitrous oxide.
Electricity usage at our facilities accounts for approximately 71% 
of our total energy consumption and approximately 56% of our overall Scope 1 and 2 (location-based) GHG emissions. Our second largest source of GHG emissions are PFCs and process gases, which are used in processing equipment at our manufacturing facilities, and account for approximately 34% of our overall Scope 1 and 2 (location-based) GHG emissions. 
For U.S. facilities, we reduced total energy consumption by 7.3% and 
total Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based) emissions by 3.6% in 2021 compared to 2020.Projects to Save Energy and Reduce Emissions
To drive operational improvement, we routinely review the efficiency of our equipment, technologies, and processes, and look for ways to reduce our energy consumption and emissions. We have many on-going long-term efficiency improvement and emission reduction projects throughout our global facilities.
During 2021, we implemented several energy saving and emissions 
reduction projects at our facilities globally, including:
•  Our Hyderabad, India office installed a variable frequency drive 
(VFD) control panel for one of their buildings in July 2021. VFDs are used to control the speed of alternating current (AC) motors by varying the frequency supplied to the motor, therefore limiting the amount of electricity usage in the building. This project is estimated to save up to 120,000 kWh of electricity or reduce emissions by 90 tCO
2e annually.
• Our Penang, Malaysia office expects to save roughly 66,000 kWh of energy per year and reduce emissions by 44 tCO
2e 
from the replacement of several units of florescent lamps with LEDs and through the installation of an inverter control for the building’s chiller.
• Our Beijing, China office installed occupancy sensors for public area lighting, an initiative that saves up to 8,400 kWh of electricity and reduces emissions by 5 tCO
2e per year.
• Our Breinigsville, Pennsylvania manufacturing facility is converting ten pumps from wet to dry, a transition that saves 50,000 kWh of energy annually, reduces emissions by 16 tCO
2e 
per year and reduces the consumption of hydrocarbon and Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) based oils by 95%.
37 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Environmental Metrics
For all environmental metrics, we apply 
an operational control boundary. We used the methodology outlined in the World Resource Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development’s (WBCSD) GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition) and WRI/WBSCD GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance – an amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard to calculate Scope 1 and 2 emissions generated by our global facilities. 
Through this assessment, we measured 
the GHG emissions associated with natural gas, diesel fuels, kerosene and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) we utilize for heating and cooling our facilities and for our backup generators, as well as the refrigerants and PFCs used in our manufacturing, offices and equipment over which we have operational control. In addition, we measured the electricity we purchase to power our facilities (Scope 2 location-based method). GHG emissions are reported in metric tonnes of CO
2e 
(tCO2e). Our energy consumption is 
limited to natural gas, diesel, kerosene, LPG and electricity use. We calculate energy and emissions based on actual data when available. When actual consumption data is not available, we estimate utilizing square footage intensity factors by facility type.The following tables summarize our fuel and energy consumption and our GHG emissions for global facilities in 2021, as well as for facilities in the U.S. for both 2020 and 2021. 
FUEL AND ENERGY CONSUMPTION 
(kWh)
GLOBAL 
FACILITIESU.S. FACILITIES
2021 2021 2020
Electricity 348,301,781 254,249,911 292,466,322
Natural Gas 143,900,326 130,271,957 122,390,854(1)
Other fuels(2)1,214,372 250,908 266,223
Total Energy consumption 493,416,480 384,772,776 415,123,400
Total Energy per million dollars of revenue 17,975 kWh/$M
(1)  Historical data and associated Scope 1 emissions have been restated due to improvements in data collection methodologies.
(2)  Other fuels include diesel fuel, LPG and kerosene.
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS 
(tCO2e)
GLOBAL 
FACILITIESU.S. FACILITIES
2021 2021 2020
Scope 1 Emissions(1)
 PFCs and process gas 98,073 97,930 90,029
 Natural Gas 26,080 23,610 22,182
 Refrigerants 3,252 2,065 1,818
 Other fuels 309 64 68
Total Scope 1 127,714 123,669 114,096
Scope 2 Emissions
 Total Scope 2 (Location-based method)(2)164,600 109,702 128,076
Total Scope 1 & 2 (Location-based 
method)292,314 233,371 242,172
 Total Scope 2 (Market-based method)(3)164,692 Market-based Scope 2 emissions were first calculated in 2021Total Scope 1 & 2 (Market-based method)
(4)292,406
Total Emissions per million dollars of revenue 10.6 tCO2e/$M
(1)  Emission factors used in Scope 1 emissions calculations include U.S. EPA Climate Leaders, Emissions Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (April 2021).
(2)   Emission factors used in Scope 2 location-based method calculations include U.S. EPA’s Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID), 
2019, IEA Statistics Data Service: Emission Factors (September 2020).
(3)   Emission factors used in Scope 2 market-based method calculations include U.S. EPA’s Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID), 
2019, IEA Statistics Data Service: Emission Factors (September 2020) and EU Residual Mix factors.
(4)   Broadcom follows the hierarchy outlined in Table 6.3 of the WRI/WBSCD GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance for selecting appropriate emission factors for 
Scope 2 market-based method. Emission factors used in Scope 2 market-based calculations include Association of Issuing Bodies: European Residual Mixes 2019 (August 2020) and applicable factors used in the location-based method.
38 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Water Management 
We recognize that water scarcity and quality are challenges that 
many communities encounter around the world, and we strive to use water responsibly in our operations.
Semiconductor manufacturing uses a significant amount of 
water. We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing model, with over 85% of our wafer manufacturing performed by third-party foundries. We also outsource the substantial majority of our assembly and test operations to third parties. Our contract manufacturers and other suppliers are expected to abide by our Supplier Code . In 2021, we calculated water withdrawals 
associated with our global offices and manufacturing facilities.
We regularly monitor our own water use at facilities where we 
have operational control and make efforts to conserve and use it efficiently in our facilities. Water is monitored and managed locally, and we have implemented various technologies to reduce water consumption. At facilities in the U.S., these efforts resulted in water reduction of over 8%, or nearly 44 million gallons, in 2021 compared to 2020.
In the U.S., our Fort Collins manufacturing facility is the primary 
driver of our water consumption. We actively monitor our water consumption and evaluate our water efficiency efforts at this manufacturing facility. We have invested, and continue to invest, in substantial improvements to conserve, recycle and reclaim water used at our Fort Collins manufacturing facility, including the installation in 2021 of a water reuse system that is expected to save an additional 18 million gallons of water each year. 
Outside of the U.S., our Singapore manufacturing facility is the 
largest user of water. This location is ISO 14001 certified and has implemented a number of initiatives to drive efficiency across the facility. 
Monitoring Our Water Use
The following table summarizes our water use for global facilities  
in 2021.
WATER
(gallons)
GLOBAL  
FACILITIESU.S. FACILITIES
2021 2021 2020
Total Water 
Withdrawn(1)550,269,228 472,454,986 516,370,248
(1)   We calculated water withdrawals based on actual data where available. Where actual data is not available, we 
estimated water withdrawals using square footage intensity factors by facility type.
39 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Waste Management 
We monitor our waste byproducts and generation as part of our overall 
environmental impact management at facilities where we have operational control, and our facilities around the world are focused on reducing waste and diverting waste from the landfill. For example, our Fort Collins facility diverted 381,500 pounds of waste from landfill as part of site remodel work and donated 25 integrated circuit manufacturing tools to various local organizations. 
In 2021, we began a process to aggregate our waste data, which has 
historically been managed at the local facility level, including waste and diversion data across our globally owned facilities. We are also actively monitoring hazardous waste and industrial process waste streams at our global manufacturing facilities. In 2021, our Workplace Services-managed manufacturing facilities diverted nearly 98% of all hazardous waste from landfill through on-site reuse, recycling, incineration or other means. 
The following table summarizes our waste data in 2021.
NON-HAZARDOUS WASTE AT OWNED LOCATIONS(1)
(short tons)
Total Waste Generated 9,577
Total Waste Diverted from Landfill 4,152
Diversion Rate 43%
HAZARDOUS WASTE AND INDUSTRIAL PROCESS WASTE AT  
MANUFACTURING FACILITY LOCATIONS(2)
(short tons)
Hazardous Waste - Sent to Landfill/Surface Impoundment 97
Hazardous Waste – Recycled 124 
Hazardous Waste - Incineration (with Heat Recovery) 1,485 
Hazardous Waste - Incineration (without Heat Recovery) 55 
Hazardous Waste - Reused On-site 2,072 
Hazardous Waste – Other 195 
Industrial Process Waste (Non-Hazardous) 72
Total 4,101
(1) Non-hazardous waste data is based on reported data from 83% of Broadcom’s owned facilities globally.
(2)  Hazardous and industrial process waste data is based on reported data from 100% of Broadcom’s global Workplace Services-
managed manufacturing facilities.Recycling E-Waste
Currently, we partner with a 
third-party service provider to decommission and recycle all of our U.S. e-waste, as required by local regulations. In 2021, we recycled nearly  
86 metric tons (190,000 lbs) of e-waste from our owned facilities globally.
To celebrate Earth Day in 2021, Broadcom 
sponsored an employee e-waste recycling initiative at some of our largest U.S. sites. Approximately 11 metric tons (over 24,250 lbs) of e-waste were collected.
Small Changes with Big Impact
To promote environmental sustainability, our Global Operations team set an ambitious goal of reusing or recycling 30% of the packing materials used at our warehouse in Malaysia. Since the beginning of this project in May 2020, we have been able to reuse over 102,000 cardboard boxes, saving approximately 2,100 trees. This initiative not only helps reduce our environmental impact but has also saved us approximately $130,000 per year in operating expenses.
40 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Governance
41 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
We are committed to conducting business with integrity and maintaining the 
highest standards of business conduct and ethics. Our corporate governance 
framework is designed for accountability of our Board and management and transparency to our employees, stockholders and other stakeholders. 
Board Governance 
Our Board is led by Chairman Henry Samueli, Ph.D. and Lead Independent Director Eddy Hartenstein. Broadcom’s Board is comprised of nine members. Seven of our nine directors are deemed to be independent. Three of our directors are women, and four of our directors are considered to be underrepresented minorities (pursuant to the Nasdaq Stock Market’s listing standards). 
Our Board has four standing committees: Audit Committee, Compensation 
Committee, Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee and Executive Committee. 
Recognizing the increased importance of corporate social responsibility and 
sustainability for Broadcom’s continued business success, our Board changed the name of the “Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee” to the “Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee” (NESG Committee) in February 2021. 
Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines  that cover various 
topics relating to the Board and its responsibilities, such as composition, 
overboarding, succession, performance evaluations and operations. 
One of the Board’s responsibilities is evaluating Broadcom’s business risks, 
including climate-related risks and opportunities and cybersecurity risks, and enterprise risk management practices. Our senior management team regularly reviews and discusses with the Board these risks and enterprise risk management, the measures in place to address these risks and the effectiveness of those measures.Ethnic Diversity
 Underrepresented Minority 
 Caucasian4
5
Gender Diversity
 Female Male3
6
Independence
 Independent Not Independent
72
42 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Ethics and Integrity
The foundation of our corporate governance framework is our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code) and Anti-Bribery and Anti-
Corruption Policy. It is important to Broadcom that our employees, officers, directors and contractors understand and comply with our Code and Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy. 
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 
Our Code guides our employees, officers, directors and contractors in how we conduct our business and work with each other. Our Code reflects our values, standards and expectations. Complying with the Code is a condition of continued employment or engagement with Broadcom. We require our employees to annually certify that they have read and understand the Code. Our Code is translated into the following local languages: Chinese, French, German, Hebrew, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish. 
Our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer, who is our Compliance 
Officer, actively monitors and audits compliance with the Code under the direction and oversight of the Audit Committee. Internal Audit, with our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer, reports to the Audit Committee at each quarterly meeting alleged violations of the Code and actions taken under the Code.Employee Engagement on Compliance Culture
In 2021, we launched our Global Compliance Ambassador program to strengthen our compliance culture. Our leaders from Legal and Finance at our local global offices were chosen to be our compliance ambassadors to represent our Compliance Team at those offices. Our Compliance Team has standing meetings with our compliance ambassadors, partners with them in reviewing trainings and updates them when there are new developments in local law or publicly-disclosed real-life cases that would be helpful to them and our employees to understand our compliance culture and policies. 
Our Compliance Team also contributes to Broadcom’s quarterly 
newsletter that is sent to all employees globally. Through the newsletter, our Compliance Team updates our employees on upcoming trainings and encourages them to speak-up if they see questionable behavior or possible misconduct.
Our Compliance Team developed a compliance “toolkit” for our 
managers because they are responsible for overseeing compliance of our policies by the personnel they manage. The “toolkit” provides additional support and information to managers, including useful links to our policies and resources like compliance videos and slides, as well as information on how to encourage a culture of compliance and manage situations when employees report compliance issues to them.
43 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Reporting Concerns
If our employees become aware of a potential violation of the Code, 
other Broadcom policies or applicable laws, it is their responsibility to report it to their manager, Human Resources or the Compliance Officer.
We provide a number of avenues to contact our Compliance Team, 
our Compliance Officer and the Audit Committee to report concerns or potential violations of the Code, other Broadcom policies, human rights or applicable laws, including our hotline that is available in multiple languages and is hosted by an external firm not associated with Broadcom. This external hotline is available via telephone and online, and employees, contractors and any other third party can report concerns anonymously (where permitted by local law). In 2021, we received inquiries on a range of topics such as human resource matters, conflicts of interest concerns and allegations of misconduct. 
We take concerns and allegations related to the Code, other 
Broadcom policies or applicable law seriously. We address them promptly, investigate to the extent necessary and take disciplinary actions as appropriate (which may include senior management discussions, employee communications, process and controls improvements and individual corrective action measures).
The Audit Committee receives information on every allegation 
submitted via our external hotline, as well as reports and updates on investigations that are in progress or completed.Employee Ethical Culture Survey
In 2021, we conducted our annual Employee Ethical Culture Survey with an external firm to better understand our employees’ engagement in and perception of our compliance culture and to find areas where we can continuously improve our compliance culture. Through this survey, we learned that our employees are aware of our compliance program and have confidence in and trust our management. We again scored above the external firm’s company peer group benchmark in all categories that were surveyed in 2021.
In our 2021 Employee Ethical Culture Survey
96.1%
ARE FAMILIAR WITH THE EFFORTS OF THE COMPLIANCE  
AND ETHICS FUNCTION
97.6%
BELIEVE THE COMMUNICATION, TRAINING AND  SUPPORT IN COMPLIANCE ARE EFFECTIVE
92.4%
BELIEVE THE CONDUCT, VAL UES AND COMMUNICATIONS  
OF SENIOR LEADERS ARE HONEST AND ETHICAL
Fostering a Speak-Up Culture 
We strive to create an environment where employees 
can speak openly about our business practices, including ESG-related matters, and we encourage our employees to ask questions and raise concerns. We have an Open Door  
Policy  and make it very clear that retaliation for raising a 
concern in good faith or reporting questionable behavior or possible misconduct in good faith is prohibited.
44 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Anti-Corruption 
We prohibit our directors, officers, employees 
and anyone acting on our behalf from engaging in corruption and bribery. Our Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy is summarized in our Code, including the rules and procedures for providing or accepting gifts, meals and entertainment. Our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer oversees our Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy. Similar to the Code, we require our employees to annually certify that they have read and understand the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and to complete a refresher training. 
Internal Audit, with our Compliance Team, 
regularly assess our operations for corruption risks, including conducting audits of our distributors and resellers. Our Compliance Team conducts anti-corruption diligence on our new suppliers, distributors and resellers before onboarding them and companies and businesses before we acquire them. In addition, our Compliance Team and Internal Audit work with an external firm to biennially review our anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance program. The results and recommendations from the biennial review are discussed with the Audit Committee and reported to the Board. Compliance Trainings 
We require our employees and contractors to complete annual trainings that support Broadcom’s values and culture, including our Code, harassment prevention, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, protection of confidential information, data privacy and security, unconscious bias, human rights, insider trading prevention, anti-competition prevention and export compliance trainings. We also require our employee and contractors to certify that they understand and agree to abide by our Broadcom policies on these topics when they complete their trainings. 
Our Compliance Team provides our employees 
located in certain regions and working in certain business groups with additional customized in-person or video-conference trainings on specific topics such as anti-corruption, anti-competition prevention and conflicts of interest. 
In addition, we provide live and online anti-
corruption and compliance trainings to our partners, distributors and resellers worldwide. 
Our Compliance Team evaluates annually the 
compliance trainings and makes appropriate adjustments based on feedback from our employees to provide the most relevant trainings. 99+%
COMPLETION RATE
Over 99% of our employees completed our 2021 compliance trainings.
600+  
EMPLOYEES/CONTRACTORS
In 2021, we provided anti-corruption training to over 600 employees and contractors of our partners, distributors and resellers.
45 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Investing in Our 
Communities
46 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
As part of our mission of connecting everything , we engage 
with and support the local communities where we work and 
live. We are proud to support causes that are important to our employees and their communities and that promote educational opportunities in the STEM fields to help develop the next generation of engineers. 
Helping our Communities
In 2021, we increased our employee charitable matching program by tripling the per employee matching limit, allowing us to match over $1.1 million in donations made by our employees to charities and non-profit organizations around the world for the 2021 calendar year. 
Champion of Change – Laptop Donations
Employees in our Global Technology 
Organization have helped hundreds of students (while simultaneously reducing our environmental impact) by refurbishing 
and donating corporate laptops to educational non-profit organizations and schools. Since 2018, we have donated over 3,400 laptop computers around the globe. 
In 2021, Broadcom was honored to receive the Champion of 
Change award from Think Together for our work donating these laptops to help support learning programs for the youth, including students experiencing homelessness or in foster care and children of essential workers across California.
Second Harvest Food Bank
We are proud to be a supporter of 
not-for-profit organizations in the United States that combat hunger and poverty.
In 2021, we partnered with Second 
Harvest Food Bank of Silicon Valley, supporting their 2021 For 
the Kids Campaign to ensure that children have the nutritious food they need. As a Platinum Partner, we provided funds to help serve an estimated 143,000 kids every month.
“Your contributions enable us to provide support and relief to 
struggling parents. We wouldn’t be able to do this important work without you. Thank you.” – Chief Philanthropy Office of Second Harvest of Silicon Valley
In 2021, we also donated to Second Harvest 
Food Bank of the Lehigh Valley and Northeast Pennsylvania. 
“We thank Broadcom for thinking of 
families in need and contributing to Second Harvest Food Bank! This generosity is 
tremendous and greatly appreciated. Broadcom’s gift will provide 600,000 meals to the families that need them most!” – Director of Second Harvest Food Bank the Lehigh Valley and Northeast Pennsylvania
47 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
COVID-19 Relief Contributions 
In 2021, we continued to support organizations 
focused on COVID-19 relief in the U.S., Malaysia and India, and we contributed over $1.2 million to COVID-19 relief. 
Organizations receiving support in 2021 for 
COVID-19 relief:
• City Give (Fort Collins, Colorado) 
• City of Hope for Vaccine Research (Orange County, California)
• CLUES (Comunidades Latinas  
Unidas en Servicio) (Minnesota) 
• Every Meal (Minnesota) 
• Gwinnett Cares  
(Northeast North Carolina)
• Karuna Trust (India)
• Malaysian Red Crescent Society (Malaysia)
• MERCY Malaysia (Malaysia)
• Penang General Hospital (Malaysia)
• Pikes Peak Community Foundation (Colorado Springs, Colorado)
• Rise Against Hunger (India)
• The Road Home (Salt Lake City, Utah)
• Second Harvest Food Bank  
(Lehigh Valley, Pennsylvania) 
• Second Harvest Food Bank  
(Silicon Valley, California)
• St. John’s Hospital (India)
• Valley Medical Foundation  
(Santa Clara, California)
Helping India during COVID-19
Since 2018, Broadcom has donated almost 216 million INR (more than $2.9 million) to charitable causes in India, including Rise Against Hunger, which provides meals to feed vulnerable groups in India and supports agricultural production through training and education. Due in part to Broadcom’s donation, Rise Against Hunger has provided more than 900,000 people with close to 7 million meals between March 2020 and October 2021. Our donations to the Karuna Trust and St. John’s Hospital in India helped provide important medical services, like establishing an oxygen generation plant, and much needed medical supplies and equipment.
COVID-19 Relief Efforts in Malaysia
Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, our employees in Malaysia created a task force and personally donated over $50,000 (including corporate matching donations) of medical supplies and equipment, such as hospital beds, emergency trolley, resuscitator, IV drip stands, syringe/infusion pump, blood pressure monitors, oxygen meters and tents, to public healthcare centers in Malaysia, including Penang General Hospital, Sultanah Bahiyah Hospital Alor Setar and Pejabat Kesihatan Daerah (PKD). In addition, Broadcom donated to Mercy Malaysia and Red Crescent Malaysia to provide critical healthcare for COVID-19 relief and to assist vulnerable communities impacted by COVID-19.
48 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Broadcom Foundation
We are proud of our collaborative relationship with Broadcom 
Foundation, a non-profit organization established in 2009 and fully funded by $100 million in donations from our subsidiary Broadcom Corporation. The mission of Broadcom Foundation is to advance STEM education by increasing opportunities to achieve success through equitable access to STEM pathways. 
With annual program grants of over $4 million, Broadcom Foundation collaborates with non-governmental 
organizations, universities and community non-profit organizations worldwide to inspire and empower young people through team building and project-based programs that help prepare them to enter careers in STEM fields.
STEM Next Education Fellowship
As a founding member of the STEM Funders Network (SFN), Broadcom Foundation pledged funds to support a STEM Next Education Fellow. The STEM Next Education Fellow will contribute knowledge, skills and expertise to the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy to help bring diversity, equity and inclusion to STEM education and workforce development.Broadcom MASTERS® Science Fairs 
Broadcom MASTERS® and Broadcom MASTERS® International science and engineering fair competitions took place virtually this year, and participating middle school students around the world engaged with enthusiasm. In 2021, Broadcom Foundation expanded the number of science fair sponsorships to create greater outreach to students in urban and rural communities. More than 10,000 middle school students were selected from regional and national science fairs to participate in Broadcom MASTERS® sponsored competitions in 2021. 
49 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Broadcom Coding with Commitment 
In 2021, Broadcom Foundation began its Broadcom 
Coding with Commitment program at middle school science fairs and coding events to encourage using coding to solve STEM problems that impact the students’ communities, such as health, sanitation, energy, climate change and other challenges outlined in the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals.
Additional Grants
In addition, Broadcom Foundation manages a relief reserve fund that enables it to identify and address a critical need, such as natural disasters. In 2021, Broadcom Foundation responded to the hardships brought on by COVID-19 by providing relief gifts to non-governmental organizations in urban and tribal communities. A comprehensive report on Broadcom Foundation gifts can be found in its annual report at www.broadcomfoundation.org . Raspberry Pi Coding Partnership 
Broadcom Foundation partners with the Raspberry Pi Foundation (RPiF) as a lead sponsor in the international “Coolest Projects” exhibition that showcases the works of coders of all ages and to help expand RPiF’s free coding programs, after school code clubs and coder dojos with emphasis on diversity, equity and inclusion by reaching more girls and underserved communities of color. In addition, Broadcom Foundation made a grant to the University of California, Irvine to create a Spanish speaker curriculum for RPiF code clubs and to help build free Spanish language resources with RPiF.
50 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
GRI Content Index
Broadcom considered the Global Reporting Standards (Core Option) when creating this report. The index below indicates where information 
responsive to identified GRI disclosure categories may be found.
Disclosure Disclosure Description Location
GENERAL DISCLOSURES (Core option)
102-1 Name of the organization Broadcom Inc. 
102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services What We Make
102-3 Location of headquarters 1320 Ridder Park Drive, San Jose, California 95131
102-4 Location of operations About Broadcom
102-5 Ownership and legal form About Broadcom ; Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2021
102-6 Markets served About Broadcom ; Products
102-7 Scale of the organization About Broadcom
102-8 Information on employees and other workers Workforce
102-9 Supply chain Supply Chain
102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain There were no significant changes regarding the organization’s size, structure, ownership, or 
its supply chain during the reporting period.
102-11 Precautionary principle Managing Our Environmental Impact
102-12 External initiatives Investing in Our Communities
102-13 Membership of associations Stakeholder Engagement
STRATEGY
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker Letter from Our CEO
ETHICS AND INTEGRITY102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 
Ethics and Integrity
GOVERNANCE102-18 Governance structure 
Board Governance
51 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Disclosure Disclosure Description Location
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
102-40 List of stakeholder groups Our ESG Priorities ; Stakeholder Engagement
102-41 Collective bargaining agreements Supporting Fair Labor and Human Rights
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders Our ESG Priorities
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement Our ESG Priorities ; Stakeholder Engagement
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised Our ESG Priorities
102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2021 (Exhibit 21.1, List of Significant Subsidiaries, as of 
October 31, 2021)
102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries About This Report
102-47 List of material topics Our ESG Priorities
102-48 Restatements of information No restatements
102-49 Changes in reporting In our 2020 ESG Report, we reported our energy, emissions and water data for our U.S. operations. In this report, we expanded our reporting to include this data from our global operations. We have also increased our efforts to collect and analyze waste data from our global facilities, and this year’s report includes waste data from our owned facilities and hazardous waste data from our manufacturing facilities. 
102-50 Reporting period Fiscal year 2021: November 2, 2020 – October 31, 2021
102-51 Date of most recent report Broadcom's inaugural ESG report was published on February 19, 2021
102-52 Reporting cycle Annual
102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 
esg@broadcom.com
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards About This Report
GRI TOPIC-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE201 103-1/2/3: Management Approach
Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2021
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2021 ; About Broadcom ; Investing in Our Communities
ANTI-CORRUPTION205 103-1/2/3: Management Approach
Ethics and Integrity
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Anti-Corruption
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 
proceduresCode of Ethics and Business of Conduct ; Compliance Trainings
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Fostering a Speak-Up Culture ; Reporting Concerns
52 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Disclosure Disclosure Description Location
ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOR
206 103-1/2/3: Management Approach Ethics and Integrity
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and 
monopoly practicesPlease refer to Broadcom Inc.’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Broadcom’s website
ENERGY
302 103-1/2/3: Management Approach
Managing Our Environmental Impact ; Global Energy and Emissions
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Global Energy and Emissions
302-3 Energy intensity Global Energy and Emissions
WATER AND EFFLUENTS303 103-1/2/3: Management Approach
Managing Our Environmental Impact ; Water Management
303-3 Water withdrawal Water Management
EMISSIONS305 103-1/2/3: Management Approach
Managing Our Environmental Impact ; Global Energy and Emissions
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Global Energy and Emissions
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Global Energy and Emissions
EFFLUENTS AND WASTE306 103-1/2/3: Management Approach
Managing Our Environmental Impact ; Waste Management
EMPLOYMENT401 103-1/2/3: Management Approach
Workforce
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Employee Engagement ; Hiring
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided 
to temporary or part-time employeesCompensation and Benefits
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY
403 103-1/2/3: Management Approach Employee Health and Safety
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 
investigationEmployee Health and Safety
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Employee Health and Safety
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships Employee Health and Safety
DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
405 103-1/2/3: Management Approach Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ; Board Governance
53 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Disclosure Disclosure Description Location
FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOR
409 103-1/2/3: Management Approach Supply Chain ; Supply Chain Management
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of 
forced or compulsory labor2021 Supplier Engagement
LOCAL COMMUNITIES
413 103-1/2/3: Management Approach Investing in Our Communities
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact 
assessments, and development programsInvesting in Our Communities
413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities Investing in Our Communities
SUPPLIER SOCIAL ASSESSMENT
414 103-1/2/3: Management Approach Supply Chain ; Supply Chain Management
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 2021 Supplier Engagement
NON-GRI TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURESPRODUCT QUALITY
103-1/2/3: Management Approach
Products
ISO 9001 Qualitative disclosures related to Broadcom’s policies and 
conformance to ISO 9001 (quality management)Products
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
103-1/2/3: Management Approach Board Governance ; ESG Governance
54 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
SASB Content Index
Broadcom considered the SASB Semiconductors and Software & IT Industry Standards when creating this report. The index below indicates 
where information responsive to identified SASB disclosure categories may be found.
Disclosure Topic Disclosure Number Disclosure Accounting Metric Location
SASB
Standards Application 
GuidanceSASB 5.0 Governance, Internal Control, and Assurancea. The entity’s governance around the risks and opportunities related to the topic, including board oversight of and management’s role in assessing and managing such risks and opportunities
b. The entity’s strategic approach regarding actual and potential impacts of topic-
related risks and opportunities on the organizations’ businesses, strategy, and financial planning, over the short, medium, and long term
c. The entity’s process to identify, assess, and manage topic-related risks, and how 
these risks are integrated into the entity’s overall risk management process
d. The entity’s use of metrics or targets to assess and manage topic-related risks 
and opportunitiesOur ESG Priorities ; ESG 
Governance ; Board Governance ; 
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) ; 
TCFD Index
SEMICONDUCTORS INDUSTRY DISCLOSURES
Greenhouse Gas 
EmissionsTC-SC-110a.1 (1) Gross global Scope 1 emissions and (2) amount of total emissions from perfluorinated compounds
Global Energy and Emissions
Energy Management in ManufacturingTC-SC-130a.1 (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable 
Global Energy and Emissions
Employee Health & SafetyTC-SC-320a.1 Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce exposure of employees to human health hazards
Employee Health and Safety
Recruiting & Managing a Global & Skilled WorkforceTC-SC-330a.1 Percentage of employees that are (1) foreign nationals and (2) located offshore
Workforce
Materials Sourcing TC-SC-440a.1 Description of the management of risks associated with the use of critical materials Supply Chain ; Responsible 
Minerals Sourcing
Intellectual Property Protection & Competitive BehaviorTC-SC-520a.1 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anti-competitive behavior regulations
Please refer to Broadcom Inc.’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Broadcom’s website
55 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Disclosure Topic Disclosure Number Disclosure Accounting Metric Location
SOFTWARE & IT SERVICES INDUSTRY DISCLOSURES
Environmental 
Footprint of Hardware InfrastructureTC-SI-130a.1 (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable 
Global Energy and Emissions
TC-SI-130a.2 (1) Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress Global Energy and Emissions
Data Privacy & Freedom of ExpressionTC-SI-220a.1 Description of policies and practices relating to behavioral advertising and user privacy
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
Data Security TC-SI-230a.2 Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks, including use of third-party cybersecurity standards Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
Recruiting & Managing a Global & Skilled WorkforceTC-SI-330a.1 Percentage of employees that are (1) foreign nationals and (2) located offshore
Workforce
TC-SI-330a.3 Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for (1) management, (2) technical staff, and (3) all other employees Workforce ; EEO-1 Report
Intellectual Property Protection & Competitive BehaviorTC-SI-520a.1 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anti-competitive behavior regulations
Please refer to Broadcom Inc.’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Broadcom’s website
56 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
TCFD Index
The Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) developed a framework for companies to provide information to investors 
and other stakeholders on climate-related risks and opportunities to their businesses. Broadcom will continue to evaluate opportunities to evolve our disclosure in the future.
TCFD Recommendation Broadcom Disclosure Disclosure Location
GOVERNANCE: Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities
a) Describe the board’s 
oversight of climate-related risks and opportunitiesOur Board of Directors (Board) oversees corporate social responsibility and ESG matters at Broadcom, including climate-related issues. 
Our Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (NESG Committee) of the Board is responsible 
for reviewing and reporting to the Board on matters of corporate responsibility and sustainability (including climate-related risks and opportunities in our business), and our public reporting on these topics. The NESG Committee receives quarterly updates from our executives and management on ESG matters. The feedback we receive from our stakeholders on ESG matters is also regularly communicated to the NESG Committee. On a quarterly basis, the NESG Committee updates the Board on ESG matters. 
In addition, our Audit Committee of the Board has oversight responsible for enterprise risk management at Broadcom, 
and enterprise risks are updated and discussed with the Audit Committee on an annual basis with updates provided for select risks throughout the year. ESG Governance
b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunitiesOur ESG Steering Committee is led by our Chief Operating Officer who reports to our Chief Executive Officer. Our ESG Steering Committee includes our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer, President of Broadcom Software Group and executives and senior leaders in our semiconductor business unit, Global Operations (including supply chain and procurement), Human Resources, Legal and Workplace Services. The ESG Steering Committee meets quarterly, is responsible for preparing the ESG Report, provides status updates to the NESG Committee, and engages with our ESG Working Groups who champion our ESG initiatives across Broadcom. We have three main ESG Working Groups that focus on diversity and inclusion, environment/climate and supply chain issues and initiatives. 
ESG Governance
57 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
TCFD Recommendation Broadcom Disclosure Disclosure Location
STRATEGY: Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning where such 
information is material
a) Describe the 
climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term
b) Describe the impact 
of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s business, strategy, and financial planningFor purposes of climate-related risk and opportunities, Broadcom defines short, medium and long-term time horizons as follows: Short-term: 0-5 years; Medium-term: 5-10 years; Long-term: 10-15 years 
Climate-Related Risks
Broadcom has not identified any inherent climate-related risks with the potential to have a substantive financial or 
strategic impact on our business in the short, medium or long-term. Potential physical risks in our supply chain are considered and integrated into our Global Operations Business Continuity Plans. In addition, our response to the COVID-19 pandemic has shown our resilience to potential physical risks to our operations, including our employees’ ability to work remotely if needed. Our company risk-factors are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K .
Climate-Related Opportunities 
Broadcom has identified areas of climate-related opportunities for our business, including: •
  Products and Markets  - Developing new products, as well as evolving existing products, through research, 
development and innovation has the potential to increase revenues through higher demand for Broadcom’s products 
and access to new and emerging markets. Broadcom, through our holistic and innovative design and development process, is continuing to meet the increased requirements for high performance and low power products. For example: 
 •  In 2022, we plan to launch our first switch co-packaged optics (CPO) solution, which combines our 25.6 Tb/s 
Tomahawk 4 switch silicon and optics on the same package substrate, aimed at addressing next generation bandwidth and power challenges. Broadcom’s purpose-built CPO platform delivers the industry’s highest power efficiency - having the switch directly driving the optics significantly reduces the interconnect power and thereby increases the system power handling capability. Compared to conventional discrete solutions, these switch CPO solutions are expected to consume 30% less power while providing 40% lower optics costs per bit. 
 •  As the world moves toward green energy systems and away from fossil fuels, Broadcom’s industrial products 
continue to help support these green energy systems. Broadcom provides a wide range of industrial fiber optic transceiver, isolated gate driver, isolation amplifier and digital optocoupler products, which are used in wind turbines and solar energy systems. These products support various functions inside these green energy systems, including power conversion, electrical current/voltage sensing, battery bank charging and system control and status communications. 
•  Resource Efficiency  – Broadcom strives to use our resources in the most efficient manner possible. Broadcom has 
implemented a number of projects across the company, which have the effect of reducing our environmental impact and increasing our resource efficiency. These efficiencies, including energy and water usage efficiencies, result in reduced operating costs. We will continue to look for ways to further increase our operating efficiency, while reducing our environmental impact.Annual Report on Form 10-K ; 
Environment ; Products
c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including under a 2°C or lower scenarioBroadcom has not conducted a formal scenario analysis, but will continue to assess approaches for incorporating climate scenario analysis into our existing risk and opportunity assessment processes. 
58 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
TCFD Recommendation Broadcom Disclosure Disclosure Location
RISK MANAGEMENT: Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks
a) Describe the 
organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks
b) Describe the 
organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks
c) Describe how processes 
for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk managementAs part of Broadcom’s enterprise risk management processes, various risks are assessed across the company by the relevant stakeholders and in collaboration with our Internal Audit Team, as needed. Actual and potential risks, including the risk factors in our periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are reviewed by management and the Audit Committee at least quarterly. Updates for select risks are also provided to the Audit Committee throughout the year. In addition, on an annual basis, enterprise risks are updated and discussed with the Board and/or the relevant committees of the Board, including the Audit Committee which has oversight responsible for enterprise risk management at Broadcom. 
Broadcom manages actual and potential enterprise risks through various processes, polices and mitigation activities. 
For example, our Global Operations, which includes our procurement and supply chain activities, use detailed Business Continuity Plans to manage potential climate-related interruptions to its operations, among other risks. All of our global sites have Site Control Plans, which provide our response plans in the event of various emergency situations, including climate-related weather events, like wildfires, hurricanes, flooding and blizzards. 
We also proactively engage with our stakeholders to understand the potential impacts of both changing regulatory 
requirements and changing stakeholder expectations, including our investors, customers, and local communities where we do business.
Annual Report on Form 10-K ; ESG 
Governance
METRICS AND TARGETS: Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material
a) Disclose the metrics 
used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 
2, and if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks
c) Describe the targets 
used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targetsRefer to the Environment section of this report for GHG emissions, energy use and water use data.
In preparation for our next ESG Report to be released in 2023, we are currently conducting an evaluation and 
assessment of Scope 3 GHG emissions, as well as GHG emissions reduction and sustainability target disclosures.
Environment
59 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Diversity Metrics Appendix
U.S. Employees (Race/Ethnicity) 2021 2020
American Indian/Alaska Native 0.2% 0.2%
Asian 39.6% 38.8%
Black/African American 1.4% 1.3%
Hispanic/Latinx 3.4% 3.3%
Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander 0.2% 0.3%
Other/not declared 5.9% 7.6%
Two or more 1.0% 0.9%
White/Caucasian 48.2% 47.7%
U.S. People Managers (Race/Ethnicity) 2021 2020
American Indian/Alaska Native 0.1% 0.1%
Asian 38.9% 38.3%
Black/African American 0.9% 1.0%
Hispanic/Latinx 3.0% 2.8%
Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander 0.1% 0.2%
Other/not declared 4.5% 5.9%
Two or more 0.7% 0.4%
White/Caucasian 51.8% 51.4%
Global Employees (Gender) 2021 2020
Male 79.2% 78.8%
Female 20.8% 21.1%
Global People Managers (Gender) 2021 2020
Male 86.5% 85.5%
Female 13.5% 14.5%
60 BROADCOM  2021 ESG REPORT
Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements and are based on our current expectations, beliefs and assumptions. Actual results could differ materially 
from those statements. Risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC.
Reporting Uncertainties
Non-financial information is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements. 
Copyright © 2022 Broadcom. All Rights Reserved. Broadcom, the pulse logo and Connecting Everything are among the trademarks of Broadcom. The term “Broadcom” refers to Broadcom Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.