Change 
Is The 
Cure
Environmental, Social, 
and Governance Report

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
1  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportBeiGene was founded 11 years ago with a mission to make 
innovative medicines more accessible and affordable to 
billions more people around the world. Today, our more than 
8,000 colleagues across five continents are working to fulfill 
this mission and create a more equitable and sustainable 
world for patients, our colleagues, and our communities. 
We put patients first — it is our core value — and work to 
close the health-equity gap in everything we do. We aim 
to close this gap by advancing a new model for the biotech 
industry that brings innovative medicines of the highest 
quality to as many people as possible. Today, our broad 
pipeline is providing access to new, cutting-edge medicines 
and investigational drug candidates targeting patients’ greatest 
needs in oncology; and we are expanding into inflammation 
and immunology. We currently have 50 commercial- or 
clinical-stage molecules, and our broad pipeline covers 80 
percent of the world’s cancers by incidence.In support of these efforts and all our work, we formalized 
our ESG function in 2021; and I am proud to announce 
our new global ESG strategy and framework. We call it 
Change Is the Cure, which we plan to use to guide our ESG 
initiative across five focus areas: Advancing Global Health, 
Empowering Our People, Innovating Sustainably, Supporting 
Communities, and Operating Responsibly. Within each focus 
area, we have identified two strategic priorities against which 
we will set concrete targets and report our progress. Our 
ESG strategy will be led by our new Senior Director of Global 
Reputation and ESG.
While we have only recently started our ESG journey, we are 
proud of the progress we have made in the past year. We have 
completed our first global carbon footprint analysis across 
our owned and operated facilities, and we will announce 
new measures to better understand and further mitigate our 
climate impacts in 2022. We have also implemented a new 
Supplier Code of Conduct, which outlines our expectations 
for good governance; labor practices; environment, health 
and safety (EHS); and transparency. In addition, over the 
past year, we refocused our Values on four core principles 
that define who we are and our path forward: Patients First, 
Collaborative Spirit, Bold Ingenuity, and Driving Excellence.To better support the sharing of diverse ideas and 
perspectives that spur greater innovation and enhance 
our ability to deliver results, we hired a Vice President of 
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) this past year. In 
2022, we will expand our Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and 
Awareness Council (IDEA Council), a forum for employees 
to lead broader exploration of DEI issues. Our commitment 
to DEI also means ensuring people from diverse backgrounds 
participate in our clinical trials. To increase diversity in 
enrollment, last year we launched the BeiGene Clinical 
Trial Diversity initiative to enable training for clinicians and 
support staff in underserved communities, patient education, 
and advocacy efforts.
The power to create meaningful change begins with each 
one of us. As we continue on our journey to create a more 
equitable and sustainable world, I look forward to sharing 
our progress and welcome your thoughts and feedback. 
John V. Oyler  
Chairman, Co-Founder, and CEO 
April 2022 
1
A Letter from the CEO
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
2  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportAbout BeiGene
BeiGene is a global, science-driven biotechnology company focused 
on developing innovative and affordable medicines to improve 
treatment outcomes and access for patients worldwide. With a broad 
portfolio of more than 40 clinical candidates, we are expediting the 
development of our diverse pipeline of novel therapeutics through 
our capabilities and collaborations. We are committed to radically 
improving access to medicines for two billion more people by 2030. 
BeiGene has a growing global team of over 8,000 colleagues across five 
continents and maintains administrative offices in Basel, Switzerland; 
Beijing, China; and Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.
BeiGene is a publicly traded company listed on the NASDAQ Global 
Select Market (NASDAQ: BGNE), the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong 
Limited (HKEX: 06160), and the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange (SSE: 688235). It is the first biotech company to be listed on 
all three markets.About This Report
BeiGene annually reports on its environmental, social, and 
governance (ESG) performance. This report covers BeiGene’s 
performance in the fiscal year 2021 and aligns with BeiGene’s 
financial reporting. The report, published on April 26, 2022, 
was developed with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI) Standards and was developed using the principles of 
materiality, quantitative, balance, and consistency. It also serves 
as the Company’s ESG report in accordance with Appendix 27: 
Environmental, Social, and Governance Reporting Guide of the Rules 
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong 
Kong Limited and Guidelines of Shanghai Stock Exchange of Self-
Regulation for Listed Companies No. 1 - Standardized Operation. 
Performance data includes BeiGene’s owned and operated facilities 
for the fiscal years 2019 to 2021 unless otherwise noted. This report 
was reviewed and verified by internal subject matter experts, 
BeiGene leadership, and our Board of Directors. Questions or 
comments about BeiGene’s ESG performance or this report may be 
submitted to  CorporateAffairs@BeiGene.com. . 8,000+
Employees
2,200+ research and 
development and medical affairs
3,300+ commercial 50+
preclinical programs, including 
around 50% with first-in-class or 
best-in-class potential90 
ongoing or planned clinical trials 
to date. This includes 30+ pivotal 
or potentially registration-enabling 
trials ongoing in 45+  geographies~50
assets in clinical and 
commercialization stage45
BRUKINSA® approved in 45 
markets1, including the U.S., EU, 
and China, and 16 approved 
products in China2
All data as of December 31, 2021 except where noted.
1 As of March 2022
2  BeiGene has 16 approved medicines in China, including our sixth approved indication for tislelizumab and five approved Novartis Oncology products in designated regions of China that we plan to promote following the transition from Novartis.
2  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
3  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportESG Strategy
BeiGene’s mission is to build the first next-generation 
biopharmaceutical company — one that expands the highest-
quality therapies to billions more people — through courage, 
persistent innovation, and challenging the status quo. Achieving 
our mission requires that we operate responsibly in all aspects 
of our business.
Our ambition is to be a leading corporate citizen, acting with courage, creativity, and 
discipline to ensure we are meeting the diverse needs of our stakeholders – from 
patients and colleagues to investors and communities, as well as the environment. In 
2021, we formalized our ESG function, led by a new Senior Director, Global Reputation 
and ESG Lead. We also launched a new ESG strategy and framework, Change Is the 
Cure, which we expect will guide the development of goals and targets for our most 
material issues.
Defining Our Material ESG Issues
In early 2021, we undertook a broad landscape review to refresh the issues in our 
materiality assessment, adding new issues like access, affordability, and clinical trial 
practices. To rank the issues, we interviewed key members of BeiGene’s leadership 
team, conducted an employee survey, and reviewed expectations from the investor 
community, industry organizations, relevant nonprofit organizations, and other 
external stakeholders. 
The results of our materiality assessment reinforce our commitment to bringing 
innovative, affordable medicines to patients globally and demonstrate the high 
importance of these priorities to our stakeholders.
Impo rtance to Stak eholders
Impor tance to BeiGeneHIGH
LOW HIGHPatient Outc omesProduct Qualit y
Business E thics
Product Inno vation
Access to Products
Product Affo rdability
Clinical Tr ial 
Practices
Intellectual Proper ty Protection
Emplo yee Engagement
Government Relations
Emplo yee V olunt eerism
Charitable Donations
Other Air EmissionsEmplo yee He alth and Safet y
Responsible Mark eting
Diversit y, Equity , and Inclusion
Bioethics
Emplo yee Dev elopmentSupply Chain Management
Waste ManagementWater Use
Emplo yee BeneﬁtsClimat e Change and Ener gy UseData Pr ivacyProduct Safet y
 
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
4  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Advancing 
Global Health
Bringing aﬀordable cutting-edge 
medicines to more people 
around the world
Innovative Products
Access & AﬀordabilityEmpowering 
Our People
Fostering a dynamic, rewarding 
and inclusive workplace
Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion
Colleague Engagement 
& Well-BeingInnovating 
Sustainability
Reducing our 
environmental impacts
Climate Change
Product StewardshipSupporting 
Communities
Advocating for patients and 
giving back to local communities
Patient  Engagement 
& Advocacy
Charitable Giving �
& VolunteerismOperating 
Responsibly
Promoting good governance 
in our operations and supply chain 
Business Ethics & Integrity
Responsible SourcingChange Is The CureAt BeiGene, we are driven by the power of 
change. We lead Change by: making life-saving 
medicines accessible to billions more patients 
around the world; challenging the status quo and 
pushing the boundaries to make the impossible 
possible; removing systemic injustices and 
inequities; creating boundless opportunities for 
people to thrive; and having the transformative 
ability to shift paradigms. At BeiGene, we believe 
that Change Is the Cure, and it begins with us!Our ESG Strategy
Our ambition to accelerate access to new medicines 
and to be a leading corporate citizen inspired the 
creation of our new ESG framework: Change Is the 
Cure ™. Change Is the Cure defines our aspirational 
reason for thinking beyond our products and provides 
a path to help create a better world. 
The framework centers around five key focus areas, 
which are designed to speak to the needs of our 
diverse stakeholders. Within each focus area, we have 
identified two strategic priorities around which we 
will set concrete targets and report our progress. We 
have defined near-term targets for fiscal year 2022 that 
will set the foundation for building long-term goals.
The focus areas in our framework are intentionally 
aligned with the United Nation’s (UN) Sustainable 
Development Goals, recognizing the urgent need 
to adopt strategies that improve health, reduce 
inequality, spur economic growth, and reduce our 
impacts on the planet. In 2022, we plan to become a 
signatory to the U.N. Global Compact. 
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
5  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportOur 2021 Progress and 2022 Goals
Over the course of 2021, BeiGene has experienced tremendous growth, allowing us to make investments across all five of our ESG focus areas. We’re proud of the progress we’ve 
made to expand access to innovative medicines, provide meaningful work experiences for our colleagues, and support our patient communities. In 2022, we plan to continue to 
forge ahead, laying out bold new strategies in the areas of diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI); climate strategy; and patient engagement and advocacy; among others.
Focus Area Strategic Priorities Achievements 2022 Goals
Innovative Products • 50+ preclinical programs, including around 50% with first-in-class or best-
in-class potential
• 90 ongoing or planned clinical trials to date. This includes 30+ pivotal or 
potentially registration-enabling trials ongoing in 45+ geographies
• ~50 assets in clinical and commercialization stage
• BRUKINSA approved in 45 markets, including the U.S., EU, and China, 
and 16 approved products in China
• Expanded investigational pipeline beyond oncology into inflammation 
and immunology 
• Launched BeiGene Bioisland Innovation Center in Guangzhou, China 
for biotech entrepreneurs• Continue to invest in medicines across multiple modalities
• Continue to seek approvals for our medicines globally
Access and Affordability • Formed Affordability Working Group 
• Defined draft guiding principles for diversity in clinical trials• Define pricing principles and affordability strategy
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) • Hired a Vice President of DEI •  Develop a three-year global strategy to improve DEI across the company
Colleague Engagement and Well-Being • Piloted a work-life balance initiative
• Conducted environmental, health, and safety (EHS) risk assessments at 
manufacturing facilities• Improve colleague engagement by 3 percent globally versus 2020 
engagement scores 
• Roll out global initiative to address work-life balance 
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
6  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportFocus Area Strategic Priorities Achievements 2022 Goals
Climate Change • Conducted first global greenhouse gas inventory for Scopes 
1 and 2 emissions• Expand greenhouse gas inventory to include Scope 3 emissions
• Conduct climate risk assessment 
• Set a global climate strategy
Product Stewardship • Implemented energy and water efficiency improvements in 
our manufacturing facilities• Explore creation of a product stewardship program
Patient Engagement and Advocacy • Held first global and European patient advocacy forums • Develop a three-year patient engagement and advocacy strategy
• Expand partnerships and collaborations with organizations around the 
world focused on health policy, equity, and patient needs
Charitable Giving and Volunteerism • Launched volunteerism program for our colleagues • Launch colleague engagement and volunteer events in the U.S., 
Europe, Australia and China
• Engage employees to support organizations focused on cancer awareness 
raising, patient support, and research
Business Ethics and Integrity • Launched ESG strategic framework • Become a signatory of the U.N. Global Compact
Responsible Sourcing • Implemented a new Supplier Code of Conduct • Introduce procurement academy, including training on responsible sourcing 
• Implement a third-party risk management program
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
7  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Advancing 
Global Health
7  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
8  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
8  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportAdvancing Global Health 
We believe that everyone should have access to innovative, life-changing 
medicines, regardless of their location. From the discovery of new therapies 
to scaling our commercial reach, we are working to close the health equity 
gap by expanding access to patients globally. Our vision is to transform the 
biotechnology industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable 
and accessible to far more cancer patients around the world. To do so, we 
have developed a differentiated approach within the sector:  
• We have a broad pipeline, including many pre-clinical candidates with first-in-class or best-in-class potential, that we are 
developing to bring new innovative medicines to patients. 
• Our novel, global clinical development model features clinical trials largely free of clinical research organizations (CRO). 
Running trials internally and at more sites to enroll patients more quickly helps us to cut the time and cost of clinical 
trials by up to one-third.
• Our commercialization approach is to quickly expand access to our medicines to both developed and developing markets 
and price our medicines at levels that broaden access for patients. 
Across our operations, our efforts are backed by robust safety and quality systems to protect our patients and provide 
transparency to our stakeholders. 

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
9  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Why Is Our  
Approach Different?
We are using the scale and reach of our research and development 
organization to bring innovative medicines to far more cancer 
patients around the world. 
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
10  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report“ We have continued to build 
our R&D team to enhance our 
technology capabilities and to 
optimize our decision-making 
process, while at the same time 
maintaining our entrepreneurial, 
inclusive, and interactive anti-
hierarchical environment in which 
colleagues and ideas can thrive.”  
 Xiaodong Wang, PhD 
Chairman of Scientific Advisor Board 
and Co-Founder
10Pioneering New 
Medicines
Our ability to deliver innovative, life-saving therapies stems 
from a foundational commitment to lead with science. Since 
its founding in 2010, BeiGene has built a world-class research 
and development (R&D) and medical affairs organization, 
more than 2,200 strong, committed to discovering and 
developing new therapies with diverse and novel mechanisms 
of action. Our oncology research team of more than 700 
scientists is one of the largest in the world and has accelerated 
the rate at which we are pioneering new medical discoveries. 
In our 11 short years, we have advanced 11 internally discovered 
molecules into clinical trials, with three of our medicines, 
BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib), tislelizumab, and pamiparib, 
approved for commercial use. 
True to our value of bold ingenuity, we continue to challenge the 
status quo to deliver science once thought to be impossible.Innovative Pipeline
Today, we are developing our broad pipeline to provide access 
to potentially new innovative medicines targeting patients’ 
greatest needs in oncology, and we are expanding into 
inflammation and immunology diseases. Our pipeline includes 
more than 90 assets, covering 80 percent of the world’s cancers 
by incidence, and features:
50+
preclinical programs, including around 50% with 
first-in-class or best-in-class potential.
~50
assets in clinical and commercialization stage.
90+
ongoing or planned clinical trials.This includes 30+ 
pivotal or potentially registration-enabling trials 
ongoing in 45+ geographies.

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
11  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
The Launch of BeiGene’s 
Bioisland Innovation Center 
In December 2021, we launched the BeiGene Bioisland Innovation 
Center (BIC) in Guangzhou, China, to enable scientists and 
entrepreneurs to accelerate the development of highly differentiated, 
cutting-edge medical innovations. The BIC, located in the Guangdong-
Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, will be equipped with state-
of-the-art laboratory infrastructure and comprehensive research 
capabilities that enable scientists and entrepreneurs to get their ideas 
off the ground. In addition, scientists and entrepreneurs at the BIC will 
have potential access to support from BeiGene on full industry value-
chain integration. 
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
12  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportNon Hodgkin's Lymphoma
5Head and Neck
Glioblastoma
6Non-Small Cell Lung 
Small Cell Lung
7Esophageal
Gastric
8Bladder
Prostate
Sarcoma 
Melanoma Hodgkin's Lymphoma
Breast 1
Hepatocellular Carcinoma
Biliary Tract Carcinoma2
Ovarian
Cervical3
Colorectal 4
Leukemia1
2
345
6
7
8Beigene’s Pipeline 
Covers 80 Percent 
Of The World’s 
Cancers By 
Incidence
With our prolific internal discovery engine 
and external collaborations, our deep portfolio 
includes cornerstone assets, BTK inhibitor 
BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib) and PD-1 antibody 
tislelizumab, and building blocks for multiple 
potential combinations.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
13  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportInnovations from 
Our Pipeline
BRUKINSA • BTK1 inhibitor, approved in 45 markets, including the U.S., EU, and 
China, and being developed globally
• Unique pharmacologic qualities designed to maximize BTK occupancy 
and minimize off-target binding compared to competitors
• Indications or modalities: Mantle cell lymphoma (MCL), chronic 
lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma (CLL), Waldenström’s 
macroglobulinemia (WM), marginal zone lymphoma (MZL)
Tislelizumab
• PD-12 inhibitor, approved in China and being developed globally
• Differentiated mechanism minimizes binding to FcyR, attractive 
binding epitope
• Indications: Lung, liver, gastric, and esophageal cancers; classical 
Hodgkin’s lymphoma; urothelial carcinoma; nasopharyngeal; MSI-High
Pamiparib• Small molecule inhibitor of PARP13 and PARP2, approved in China
• Pharmacological properties such as brain penetration and 
PARP-DNA complex trapping in preclinical models
• Indications: Ovarian, breast, gastric, and prostate cancersOciperlimab (TIGIT)• An investigational anti-TIGIT4 monoclonal antibody
• One of the most advanced anti-TIGIT antibodies in clinical development, 
highly potent with intact Fc function
• Indications: Cervical cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, esophageal 
squamous cell carcinoma, locally advanced and metastatic solid tumors
BGB-A445 (OX-40)• Unique investigational OX-40 agonist antibody that does not 
block ligand binding
• Distinguished method of action versus other antibodies in 
clinical development
• Indications: Advanced solid tumors
BGB-11417 (BCL-2)• Investigational BCL-2 inhibitor with potential best-in-class properties 
• A key molecule in heme portfolio, highly potent and highly selective
• Indications: Potential new entry to AML/MDS/MM space
BGB-15025 (HPK1)• Potential first-in-class investigational HPK15 inhibitor
• Positioned to combine with tislelizumab in PD-1 sensitive tumors
• Indications: Advanced solid tumors
BGB-23339 (TYK2)• A potent, highly selective, investigational TYK26 inhibitor targeting 
the regulatory pseudokinase (JH2) domain
• Indications: Immune-mediated disorders
1 Bruton’s tyrosine kinase
2 Programmed cell death protein 1
3 Poly ADP-ribose polymerase
4 T-cell immunoreceptor with immunoglobulin and immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motif domains
5 Hematopoietic progenitor kinase 1
6 Tyrosine kinase 2
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
14  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportNext Wave 
of Drug 
Discovery 
Our latest research extends beyond 
traditional small molecules and 
monoclonal antibodies into a new era 
of drug discovery. We are working 
to translate our science into novel 
combinations, which extend our existing 
footprint into potentially large indications, 
and are investing in new technologies 
to help us address many unmet medical 
needs. This investment will allow us to 
investigate a broad array of new modalities 
and diversify our innovation platforms. Our goals are two-fold:
1. Drugging the undruggable. Historically, many 
diseases are considered “undruggable” due to cells 
not being affected by current medicines and therapies. 
This challenge poses boundless opportunities for 
discovering breakthrough medicines. By building 
strong research and development capabilities and 
investing in new technologies, we believe we can 
address these unmet patient needs. Some of the 
technologies we are exploring include:
• Chimeric Degradation Activating 
Compound (CDAC);
• Bispecific and Trispecific Antibodies (BsAb/TsAb);
• Antibody-drug conjugates (ADC); and
• Cell therapy.
We are also expanding into new therapeutic areas in 
inflammation and immunology diseases.
2. Precise tumor targeting. Precise tumor targeting 
can help reduce systemic toxicity associated with 
anticancer medicines and improve the quality of life 
for patients. Investment in this therapeutic area can 
potentially lead to the development of more sustainable 
and effective cancer treatments for patients. 

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
15  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Expanding BeiGene’s 
Portfolio into Inflammation 
and Immunology
Building on our proven track record in oncology, BeiGene is expanding 
its clinical focus to include new modalities and platforms in areas of 
high unmet need, including inflammation and immunology, to bring 
innovative, impactful medicines to more patients globally. 
In November 2021, BeiGene took its first step in this direction by 
initiating a Phase 1 clinical trial of BGB-23339, a potent, allosteric 
investigational tyrosine kinase 2 (TYK2) inhibitor. The TYK2 inhibitor 
was internally developed by BeiGene scientists to address multiple 
immune-mediated disorders.
The TYK2 inhibitor has expanded BeiGene’s product portfolio to include 
assets outside of its broad portfolio focused on hematological and solid 
tumor cancers, helping to bring potentially life-changing medicines to 
more patients with unmet needs.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
16  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report 16Expanding Global 
Access and 
Affordability
An innovative therapy does no good for a patient who 
cannot access it. BeiGene is focused on eliminating 
existing inequities and inefficiencies by accelerating the 
development of innovative, affordable medicines for 
billions of people worldwide. 
Improving Access and Cost Efficiencies through 
Global Clinical Trials
Conventional clinical trials account for more than 75 percent of the cost and 
the vast majority of time required to bring most oncology medicines to a 
patient. With a relentless commitment to clinical excellence, we have scaled a 
largely CRO-free, fully integrated infrastructure designed to uniquely support 
global clinical trials that can expedite patient enrollment by including sites 
outside major clinical centers, reducing time to market. Since 2013, we have 
overseen more than 90 ongoing or planned clinical trials that have enrolled 
more than 14,500 subjects.
1/3
In-house multi-regional clinical trials can be 
one-third cheaper and one-third faster.Managing trials in-house and largely CRO-free gives us significantly better 
control over quality, speed, and cost, as well as higher levels of engagement 
with site investigators. Our expansive portfolio is directed predominantly 
by our internal colleagues supporting clinical trials in more than 45 
geographies. We believe our ability to accelerate clinical trials is in part due 
to our broad geographic reach, which can result in cost savings through:
• Enrolling in countries with large patient pools and lower 
costs per patient.
• Completing enrollment more quickly which leads to lower 
costs across sites.
• Lower internal costs versus CROs.
Our global trials also include many trial sites outside of major health 
centers, building the clinical infrastructure and expertise in these new 
markets. This includes geographies such as China, Brazil, Poland, Mexico, 
and Turkey, which are typically not considered early targets for clinical 
trials of innovative oncology drug candidates. Our approach helps patients 
in these regions get earlier access to investigational cancer therapies, 
something not historically possible when most clinical trials were initiated 
in the U.S. and Western Europe. 
We publicize our clinical trials in public databases as required by regulatory 
authorities, including the United States ClinicalTrials.gov, Chinese Clinical 
Trial Registry, EU Clinical Trials Register, Japanese Registry of Clinical 
Trials, Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry, and the Thai  
Clinical Trials Registry. “ We work with many clinical 
trial sites outside of major 
health centers. This builds the 
capacity of new medical centers, 
while expanding access of 
investigational medicines to more 
patients globally.”   
Melika Davis 
SVP and Global Head, Clinical Operations

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
17  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportReaching New Patient Populations 
Our approach to market access and commercialization 
is guided by our goal of accelerating access to 
innovative medicines for patients regardless of 
their geographic location. We leverage a number of 
methods to deliver our medicines to more patients 
across five continents, including:
• Pre-registering our medicines in early access 
programs where permissible.
• Pursuing wide-scale registration in developed 
and developing markets simultaneously.
• Introducing our medicines through BeiGene-
operated affiliates where practical and 
leveraging distributors to expand our reach in 
additional geographies.
• Pricing our medicines at levels that broaden 
access for patients.
• Where permissible, offering assistance, 
including low- or no-cost medicines, to eligible 
patients in certain markets where patients 
cannot afford them.Early Access Programs 
In certain cases, regulators grant pharmaceutical and 
biotechnology companies permission to provide limited 
access to investigational drugs outside of the clinical 
trial space and before the commercial approval of the 
drug. These programs are designed to ensure ethical 
and controlled mechanisms of access, compliant with 
local regulations, for patients with life-threatening 
diseases that have no other treatment options available. 
BeiGene embraces these programs as a means of 
accelerating access to our investigational or approved 
medicines to patients in need.
Pre-approval programs: In many markets, 
regulators allow pre-approval access of medicines for 
distribution to defined patient populations. In each 
of these markets, BeiGene proactively seeks pre-
registration approval with the intent to commercialize 
immediately upon attaining approval. This approach 
speeds access to medicines in many developing 
markets. For example, in 2021, BeiGene was granted 
pre-approval access for BRUKINSA in Israel, Russia, 
and Middle East and North Africa (MENA) markets. 
Compassionate use: Where pre-registration 
programs are not available, we also offer a global 
compassionate use or expanded access program 
in certain markets. In very specific circumstances, 
patients in need may be able to receive investigational 
medicines outside a controlled clinical trial. In all 
cases, providing an investigational medicine through 
these programs is done in compliance with the 
regulations of the appropriate local health authority.Wide-Scale Registration
Many companies take a tiered approach to medicine 
registration, seeking approvals in developed markets 
that can yield the most economic gains before seeking 
registration in middle- and lower-income markets. 
To protect pricing structures, they may also forego 
selling their medicines in certain markets. BeiGene is 
different – we seek registration of our products across 
many geographies, including both developed and 
developing markets, early in the commercialization 
process. For example, in 2021, we expanded access 
to BRUKINSA to more than 40 markets, several 
of which are underserved. In alignment with this 
approach, we are actively planning for submissions of 
FDA-approved indications for WM and MZL in Latin 
America so that we can quickly provide BRUKINSA to 
these patients. 

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
18  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
BRUKINSA Continues to 
Expand Global Footprint
BeiGene is rapidly working to extend the reach of BRUKINSA, a 
differentiated BTK inhibitor and BeiGene’s first internally developed 
commercial medicine. As of February 28, 2022, BRUKINSA has 
received approvals covering 45 countries and regions. There are 
currently more than 45 marketing authorization applications in 
multiple indications under review around the world.
• 14 MCL approvals: United States, China, Canada, United Arab 
Emirates, Israel, Chile, Russia, Singapore, Australia, Brazil, Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia, Ecuador, South Korea
• 12 WM approvals: Canada, China, United States, Australia, 
European Union, Iceland, Norway, United Kingdom, Israel, 
Switzerland, South Korea 
• 2 MZL approvals: United States, Canada
• 1 CLL approval: China
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
19  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportImproving Access in Existing Markets
With over 1.4 billion residents, who accounted for 24 
percent of newly diagnosed cancer cases and 30 percent 
of cancer-related deaths worldwide in 20201, China has 
an acute need for innovative oncology therapies. Given 
the geographic scale of China, BeiGene has built a large 
commercial team that is working to expand the reach 
of BeiGene’s medicines to more hospitals in China, 
including many in rural areas that previously have not 
had access to these types of innovative medicines. In 
North America, we have expanded our commercial 
presence into Canada. In Europe, we have built a team 
that is supporting launches of BRUKINSA following 
approvals in late 2021. 
Expanding Access 
Through Partnerships
While BeiGene has a substantial commercial 
presence in China and has built teams in North 
America and Europe, we are continuing to build 
our global commercial team. But the distribution of 
our medicines to patients in need cannot wait. To 
this end, we are expanding access to our medicines 
through BeiGene-operated affiliates where practical 
and have entered into a number of agreements with 
other biopharmaceutical companies that can help us 
distribute our medicines in new geographies. In 2021, we also expanded our strategic collaboration 
with Novartis, granting Novartis an exclusive option 
to commercialize BeiGene’s investigational TIGIT 
inhibitor, ociperlimab, in North America, Europe, and 
Japan, while BeiGene retains rights in the rest of the 
world. This builds upon our productive relationship 
with Novartis and a prior agreement between the 
two companies for BeiGene’s anti-PD1 antibody, 
tislelizumab, announced in January 2021. Novartis 
has a well-developed infrastructure to develop, 
manufacture, and commercialize tislelizumab in 
these markets, which will help accelerate patient 
access. In addition, Novartis granted BeiGene rights 
to market, promote, and detail five approved Novartis 
oncology products, TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib), 
MEKINIST® (trametinib), VOTRIENT® (pazopanib), 
AFINITOR® (everolimus), and ZYKADIA® (ceritinib), 
across designated regions of China referred to as 
“broad markets.” This agreement takes advantage 
of BeiGene’s extensive commercial reach in China, 
expanding access to these important medicines to 
many more patients. Beyond our collaboration 
with Novartis, BeiGene has strategic collaboration 
with numerous other biopharmaceutical companies as 
a means of expanding our R&D and commercialization 
capabilities.
1  Cao, Wei et al. “Changing Profiles of Cancer Burden Worldwide and in China: A Secondary Analysis of the Global Cancer Statistics 2020.” Chinese 
Medical Journal, vol. 134, issue 7, April 5, – pp. 783-791.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
20  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Enhancing Innovation 
and Access Through 
Collaboration 
BeiGene seeks collaborations where each partner brings 
complementary capabilities and assets to a shared goal. This proved 
to be the case with Zymeworks, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical 
company developing multifunctional therapeutics with specialized 
bispecific antibody candidates. In November 2018, Zymeworks and 
BeiGene entered into a license and collaboration agreement to 
research, develop, and commercialize zanidatamab and ZW49 in Asia 
(excluding Japan), Australia, and New Zealand. 
By December 2021, through our collaboration, we administered the 
first dose of zanidatamab in the global Phase 3 HERIZON-GEA-01 
clinical trial to a patient in South Korea, the first in a trial that is 
expected to enroll approximately 700 patients at approximately 300 
sites across 38 countries. The trial design combines Zymeworks’ drug 
candidate, zanidatamab, with our anti-PD1 antibody, tislelizumab. The 
collaboration has been working well, as we have clearly defined roles 
and established decision-making processes supporting our shared 
mission and values to expedite development for patients in need.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
21  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportPricing Medicines to Accelerate Access
By leveraging our growing commercial organization and strategic partnerships, 
we are working to reach millions more people across the developed and 
developing world. We strive to price our medicines in a way that broadens access. 
Some examples of this include: 
• China: BeiGene actively seeks inclusion of its medicines in China’s National 
Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL), which provides broad access at more 
affordable prices to patients across China. Three medicines have been added 
to the NRDL in China by the National Healthcare Security Administration 
(NHSA). In 2021, the NHSA updated the NRDL to include BeiGene’s 
anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab in three new indications; BTK inhibitor 
BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib) in one new indication; and the initial listing for 
PARP inhibitor pamiparib.
• United States: BRUKINSA entered the market in 2019 at a list price 10 
percent below the leading BTK inhibitor competitor. In addition, we have 
taken smaller price increases than competitors, adjusting as we believed 
necessary to remain competitive on rebates and reimbursements sought by 
payors and pharmacy benefit managers. 
• Israel: BRUKINSA entered into the Israeli health basket at parity price to the 
leading BTK inhibitor. BRUKINSA is now commercially available in Israel for 
patients with mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) who have received at least one 
prior therapy.
• Australia: Following regulatory approval for BRUKINSA for the treatment 
of adult patients with MCL and WM and to ensure the fastest possible 
reimbursed access on Australia’s Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme for 
patients with MCL, BeiGene accepted the initial reimbursement to avoid 
delays and protracted negotiation.
• Germany: BRUKINSA received approval for patients with WM. Instead of 
entering the market at a price premium, BeiGene entered at parity pricing 
with the leading competitor. Patient Assistance Programs
We know accessing medicines and seeking reimbursement is complex and 
sometimes difficult. As part of our efforts to keep patients at the center of all 
we do, we are intentional in how we provide support to both patients and their 
caregivers. To help serve patients without the financial means to access our 
medicines, BeiGene has established patient support programs that provide 
reimbursement support and financial assistance for patients prescribed 
BeiGene medicines.
In China, we worked with Chinese Primary Health Care Foundation, VLove 
Foundation, and Beijing Medical Award Foundation, and developed three patient 
service and support programs for patients treated with Tisle, Brukinsa and Xgeva 
respectively. In each program, patients were registered to a tailor-made WeChat 
platform, where they could find comprehensive educational materials related to 
their specific diseases and useful tools such as a manual on managing adverse 
effects, medical insurance calculator, and drug store map. Call center specialists 
provided patients with follow-up services including treatment reminders, check-
ups, and advice on handling adverse effects. The program also involved patient’s 
healthcare providers to ensure coordination with patient treatment programs. For 
these efforts, BeiGene was awarded “The Best Patient Experience Program” and 
“The Most Innovative Program” at the 2021 Chinese Medical Affairs Summit.
In the U.S. and Canada, we established myBeiGene, which provides patients with 
reimbursement and coverage support, copay assistance, and free medicine for 
eligible patients to support access to BRUKINSA. In addition to reimbursement 
and financial support, myBeiGene also provides access to oncology nurse 
advocates to provide personalized support for patients and caregivers based on 
individual needs. The nurse advocates help guide patients and caregivers with 
education materials and connect them with advocacy groups and additional 
resources and services such as counseling and support groups. “ The inclusion of our three 
internally discovered innovative 
medicines in the latest NRDL 
will help expand access to these 
high-quality oncology treatments 
across China at affordable prices 
and reduce the financial burden for 
patients and their families.” 
Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D. 
President of BeiGene, Chief Operating Officer 
and General Manager of China

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
22  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportEthical Research 
and Development
At BeiGene, we are committed to conducting our research 
studies and clinical trials responsibly and ethically. Our 
bioethics program, based on the core values of respect 
for autonomy, non-maleficence, beneficence, and justice, 
provides a framework to guide internal decision-making, 
helping us deliver on our mission with integrity. 
All BeiGene employees and outside vendors who contribute 
to our research and development efforts receive training 
on our standard operating procedures and guidelines 
on bioethics issues established by The World Medical 
Association’s Declaration of Helsinki, guidelines established 
by the International Council for Harmonization of Technical 
Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH), 
as well as the Biotechnology Innovation Organization (BIO) 
Statement of Ethical Principles. 
Bioethics
BeiGene’s research team deploys a number of investigative techniques in our 
quest to develop new therapies. Researchers undergo training on both BeiGene’s 
and regulatory requirements and keep records of all research studies and the 
use of relevant instruments. For example, we use genetic engineering tools, 
including polymerase chain reaction (PCR), transformation/transduction, and clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR) routinely in 
our research efforts. These tools afford us the ability to perform gene mutation, 
insertion, and knockout in cells. Researchers conducting these studies receive 
training on appropriate protocols and expectations for documenting outcomes. 
We also fully support the use of alternatives to animal research wherever feasible. 
We follow the 3R (replace, refine, reduce) principles, and our practices are 
guided by the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals by the National 
Research Council. 
As new technologies emerge, we remain committed to conducting appropriate 
research on their safety as well as engaging with appropriate external stakeholders 
to mitigate potential risks associated with them. 
Clinical Trials Excellence
BeiGene is unique in that we conduct the vast majority of our trials internally 
without the help of CROs. This allows us to ensure stringent quality controls and 
affords us more control over timelines for our trials. 
For every investigational medicine, we follow a structured and formal process 
for governing and executing clinical trials. Our Development Core Teams, 
cross-functional teams — including individuals from clinical development, 
clinical operations, clinical pharmacology, and regulatory, among others — are 
responsible for the clinical development plan (CDP) for each product candidate. 
Each plan includes an assessment to identify potential risks to patients and plans 
to mitigate those issues. We assess overall risks/benefits of each new therapeutic 
candidate in light of the current and expected treatment practices in a given 
indication. Each CDP is reviewed by a Development Review Committee, which is 
chaired by a Vice President and/or Executive Committee member and includes 
senior development leaders from across the company. “ One major advantage of running 
our clinical trials internally is the 
ability to exert a high level of 
quality control in every step of 
the process. We are also able to 
build direct relationships with 
investigators, which I believe 
allows us to get better information 
on patient progress and needs.” 
Lai Wang 
Global Head of Research and Development

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
23  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportEvery CDP includes strict guidelines for protecting patient safety and privacy 
in accordance with our internal policies and standards and alignment with 
regulatory and international standards. This includes obtaining the informed 
consent of each patient participating in our trials, as well as providing 
adequate information about the research study and its potential risks and 
benefits. Our approach allows patients to make an informed decision about 
their participation in the clinical investigation and provide their voluntary 
agreement to participate. We also employ safeguards to protect patient 
privacy, guided by our global Privacy and Data Protection Policy, which 
establishes core requirements for the use, storage, and transmission of 
medical and genetic patient data. 
Clinical Trial Diversity
Ensuring people from diverse backgrounds participate in our clinical trials 
is key to advancing health equity. We recognize that people from different 
backgrounds may have different reactions to the same treatment based on 
their age, gender, weight, race or ethnicity, and other factors. Improving the 
diversity in the patient populations represented in our clinical trials will 
improve the robustness of our data that we use to demonstrate that our 
treatments are safe and effective. 
A key to addressing clinical trial diversity is to follow the U.S. FDA’s 
recent 2020 Guidance and design studies that address both demographic 
characteristics of study populations, such as sex, race or ethnicity, and 
non-demographic characteristics of populations, such as organ dysfunction, 
comorbidity conditions, or extremes of the weight range. Enrolling 
participants with a wide range of baseline characteristics may create a study 
population that more accurately reflects the patient populations likely to take 
the study drug if it is approved and may allow an assessment of the impact of 
those characteristics on the safety and effectiveness of the study drug. While we strive to increase diversity in enrollment, we realize we can do 
more. To that end, in 2021 we began to rethink our approach to clinical trial 
diversity and launched the BeiGene Clinical Trial Diversity initiative (BCTDi), 
which has three main objectives:     
1. To build on existing efforts to have inclusive clinical trial practices 
based on health authority considerations and guidelines;
2. To facilitate community-engaged clinical development in 
underserved communities; and
3. To ensure our clinical trials are reflective of patients that may be 
seen in clinical practice. 
To achieve these objectives, we established a cross-functional task force to 
ensure diversity in the patient populations represented in our clinical trials. 
Under the leadership of the task force, we:
• Assessed the diversity of patients enrolled in current and past BeiGene 
clinical trials to understand our baseline and track progress.
• Defined what clinical trial diversity means for BeiGene’s commercial and 
pipeline products.
• Started developing guiding principles to ensure diversity and 
representativeness in our clinical trials to promote consistency across 
program teams and guide clinical trial design decisions.
• Established the BeiGene Clinical Trial Diversity Institute to enable 
training for clinicians and support staff in underserved communities, 
patient education, and advocacy efforts.    “ By making clinical trial diversity 
considerations part of standard 
practice, we believe that we can 
improve clinical trial designs to the 
benefit of our patients globally.”
Lindsay Cobbs 
Senior Director of Regulatory Affairs 
U.S. Policy Lead

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
24  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Post-Trial Access 
Through participation in our clinical trials, patients may receive access 
to one of our investigational medicines and subsequently derive a 
clinical benefit from that therapy. Upon study completion, these patients 
may wish to receive continued access to the BeiGene investigational 
medicine, particularly if there are periods of delay between study 
completion, product approval, and commercial access. In support of 
our patients, BeiGene endeavors to provide post-trial access to BeiGene 
therapies, at no cost, for patients who participate in a confirmatory, 
BeiGene-sponsored study until, at a minimum, the therapy receives local 
regulatory approval and is widely available to patients. 
Patient Safety
Upholding our value of putting Patients First, our Global Patient 
Safety (GPS) team strives to ensure the safe use of our medicines 
throughout their product lifecycle, from their very first use in humans 
through prescribed post-commercialization use. GPS, headed by 
our Chief Safety Officer, comprises a global team of over 110 safety 
scientists and physicians who are dedicated to characterizing the safety 
of our products, monitoring patient outcomes, and identifying any 
unexpected safety issues that may arise. 
GPS maintains high compliance with the requirements of global 
regulatory authorities and BeiGene’s safety protocols. At every stage 
in the product lifecycle, GPS documents the safety of our medicines 
in alignment with the standards set out by the ICH, local regulatory 
requirements, and BeiGene standards. Documentation includes 
information characterizing the benefits and known risks of our 
products as well as key safety insights to support regulatory filings. Beyond documentation, a highly coordinated cross-functional team 
of company physicians and scientists works together to ensure that 
emergent safety information is carefully assessed, and any proactive 
measures or required actions are promptly taken and reported to 
regulatory authorities as necessary. BeiGene also quickly acts on any 
report of a suspected adverse event or product complaint through 
ethics committees or Institutional Review Boards. In 2021, annual 
individual case study report compliance exceeded 99 percent for global 
submissions to regulatory authorities and business partners.
GPS safety protocols are regularly reviewed through internal and 
external audits. In 2021, GPS participated in five external inspections 
and audits spanning various geographies that concluded with zero 
critical findings and zero product recalls.
GPS is also committed to advancing the science and practice of 
pharmacovigilance, or drug safety, by sharing best practices at 
conferences and congresses. In 2022, GPS plans to establish a Center 
for Pharmacovigilance Innovation, which will explore long-term 
pharmacovigilance innovation opportunities for the biopharma sector 
in partnership with technology companies, academic institutions, and 
regulatory agencies.
0
critical findings from 
five safety inspections 
and audits spanning all 
geographies >99%
annual individual case study 
report compliance for global 
submissions to regulatory 
authorities and business partners
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
25  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Sharing Pharmacovigilance 
Best Practices
Our GPS team often presents at industry conferences, academia- and 
regulator-hosted and frequented events to share best practices for 
pharmacovigilance and risk management throughout the product 
lifecycle. GPS has shared their expertise across a broad span of 
topics, including the impacts of regulatory guidance on multinational 
organizations, remaining inspection ready, signal detection, risk 
management, and intelligent risk warning, among others. These 
presentations further collaboration and information sharing between 
BeiGene and others in the biotechnology sector. 
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
26  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportQuality Assurance
Our commitment to quality extends across our business, from 
research and development to the distribution of our medicines. 
We have developed a comprehensive, robust quality assurance and 
control program to generate awareness, foster a culture of quality in 
our business processes and our people, and support our compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations and internationally recognized 
standards. Our internal standards are often stricter than those required 
by national and industry practice and are optimized and enhanced on 
an ongoing basis. We expect our subsidiaries and external business 
partners, such as vendors, contract manufacturers, contract research 
organizations, specialty service providers, contractors, and distributors, 
to demonstrate their alignment with our quality control requirements 
to achieve patient safety and compliance.
We have established a comprehensive Quality Management 
System (QMS) through which we set quality standards, implement 
corresponding procedures, conduct quality-related risk assessments, 
and promote continuous improvement. The system covers the full 
medicine development cycle and incorporates requirements of Good 
Laboratory Practice (GLP), Good Clinical Practice (GCP), Good 
Pharmacovigilance Practice (GVP), and Good Manufacturing Practices 
(GMP), as well as the ICH Q10 Drug Quality Control System. 
In addition, we have set up comprehensive, risk-based monitoring 
programs to ensure the robustness and effectiveness of our quality 
system. We carry out management reviews periodically and implement 
enhancements as needed to maintain an effective quality system, 
including training, additional resources, modifications of roles and 
responsibilities, and/or procedural changes. In 2021, we invested in 
technology, utilizing advanced business intelligence and artificial 
intelligence tools that provide real-time updates on quality metrics, allowing us to easily review data at a site-by-site level to identify 
strengths and areas for improvement. 
We have also established a global standard product recall procedure 
for our products. If a stock recovery or recall is warranted, our Stock 
Recovery and Recall Committee consisting of representatives from 
Regulatory Affairs, Quality, Clinical Development, and Supply Chain, 
will determine the extent of such a recovery or recall. In-depth root 
cause analysis and preventive or corrective actions are implemented to 
ensure that the quality issue will not reoccur. We were not aware of any 
significant adverse events based upon complaints due to the product 
quality related to BeiGene medicines nor did we initiate any recalls of 
BeiGene internally developed medicines in 2021. We have successfully 
passed 28 inspections conducted by health authorities, international 
regulatory bodies, and global partners in 2021. 
Anti-Counterfeit Medicines
BeiGene is committed to combating counterfeit medicines that could 
jeopardize patient safety. We have built a Brand Protection function 
within our Global Security department that works cross-functionally to 
develop and implement solutions designed to mitigate risks associated 
with counterfeiting, diversion, theft, and illegal resale of our medicines. 
BeiGene has already assessed high-risk issues and implemented several 
protections, including regional brand integrity investigations, regional 
online risk monitoring programs, and contractual requirements for 
third-party vendors to protect our medicines.
In 2021, we formed the Brand Protection Working Group with the 
goal to establish cross-functional tactical teams to mitigate risk and 
help better identify and predict illicit trade behaviors and patterns 
so that appropriate action can be taken early. Each tactical team 
convenes monthly and reports on progress to the working group 
steering committee. 0
recalls of internally 
developed medicines

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
27  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportTransparency with Stakeholders 
At BeiGene, we want to provide our patients, healthcare providers, and 
regulators with the information they need to make informed choices 
regarding our medicines. We strive to be forthright and transparent in 
our interactions with all stakeholders. 
Responsible Marketing
As part of our commitment to transparency, we employ stringent 
procedures to ensure that our marketing communications are truthful, 
accurate, and provide important contextual information that will 
assist healthcare providers in determining whether our medicines are 
appropriate for a patient and in understanding potential side effects. Our responsibility begins with developing accurate labels for our 
medicines. Our Executive Labeling Committee reviews all new labels 
or significant labeling changes prior to their submission to a regulatory 
agency and/or before a product is released for commercialization. 
Additionally, our Promotional Review Committee ensures that all 
external messages and claims are consistent with the approved label 
and indication in each market. The Committee also reviews messages 
to ensure that they are medically accurate and meet local regulatory 
and legal requirements. Our medicines may only be promoted for their 
approved indications and for use in accordance with the provisions of 
the approved label. 
Advocacy
BeiGene regularly engages with policymakers in support of our mission 
to provide high-quality, affordable medicines to patients. We follow 
international governance guidelines and country-specific regulations 
and laws, such as the Lobbying Disclosure Act in the U.S., to ensure 
proper interactions with government officials. In 2021, BeiGene did not 
make any corporate political donations. 
Sharing Research Data
We work to share clinical trial results to facilitate research by other 
scientists. In the U.S., following approval of a new product or a 
new indication for an approved product, BeiGene will share study 
protocols and anonymized patient-level or study-level data with 
qualified scientific and medical researchers. For all other requests, 
a case-by-case review is conducted by an internal team that decides 
what action to take.

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
28  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Empowering 
Our People
28  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
29  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
 29  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportEmpowering Our People
Over the past year, BeiGene grew significantly, adding more than 3,000 
talented colleagues to our global team, which by the end of 2021 stood at 
more than 8,000 strong. We are fortunate to attract the industry’s top talent 
who are motivated by our vision to transform the biotechnology industry, 
bringing innovative medicines to far more patients around the world. 
A large part of our success lies in our ability to work seamlessly across borders. Our global operating model allows us to 
recruit top medical and business professionals regardless of their location. This model fosters a culture of mutual respect 
and understanding as our colleagues from various backgrounds and geographies work together towards a common goal. 
Since cancer doesn’t recognize borders — neither do we.
Just as our colleagues work to improve global health and well-being, we too strive to provide an engaging and rewarding 
workplace — one that supports colleague well-being and offers ample opportunities for professional growth. We want our 
employees to feel empowered to contribute to our mission, not only helping our patients but also making a lasting positive 
impact on the world. 

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
30  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Leading with Values
In 2021, we revised our values to unite our colleagues around the world 
through a common set of beliefs. Our values center on putting patients 
first and encouraging us to act with bold ingenuity, a collaborative 
spirit, and a drive for excellence.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
31  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportColleague 
Engagement and 
Well-Being
Our colleagues are excited by their work, and we strive 
to cultivate a vibrant workplace culture that builds 
upon this enthusiasm, encouraging bold innovations. 
Equally important is supporting our colleagues’ 
personal well-being. By providing engaging professional 
opportunities and taking a holistic view of well-being 
— one that considers financial, physical, and social-
emotional health — we are working to build a culture 
where our colleagues can realize both professional and 
personal fulfillment. 
Colleague Engagement
A key to workplace satisfaction is the ability to share one’s ideas and to feel 
appreciated and heard. BeiGene prides itself on being a flat organization, 
meaning that colleagues of all levels are encouraged to exchange new 
ideas, share different perspectives, and ask questions. We also maintain 
an open-door policy, allowing colleagues to seek support and counsel 
from their managers and other leaders across the organization. Town 
halls, employee focus groups, surveys, and other formal channels provide 
additional opportunities for colleagues to ask questions and provide 
feedback to the organization. In 2022, we plan to institute pulse surveys, short questionnaires that will 
allow us to gauge colleague sentiment on a wide array of issues throughout 
the year. By collecting real-time feedback, we can be nimbler in our efforts 
to respond to employee needs quickly. Our goal is to improve colleague 
engagement by three percent globally versus 2020 engagement scores.
Colleague Well-Being
Our colleagues work exceptionally hard to help BeiGene achieve its 
mission, and in return, we are determined to provide competitive financial 
rewards and other benefits that support their overall well-being. We define 
well-being holistically — including financial security, physical health and 
safety, and social and emotional welfare. 
Compensation and Benefits
We offer colleagues competitive compensation and benefits packages 
tailored to the region of the world where they work. Our total rewards 
structure includes a competitive base salary and annual performance 
incentives, generous equity grants (or cash grants for the small number of 
roles that are not eligible for equity), comprehensive healthcare coverage, 
paid time off, and other benefits specific to meet the needs of each market. 
As we continue to grow, we are evaluating our equity grant practices across 
the regions in which we operate. We are also assessing benefits across 
our full employee population to ensure that we address the diverse needs 
of our colleagues. This includes providing support for colleagues in all 
lifecycle stages, from those with young families to those requiring elder 
care for aging parents. It also includes reviewing our benefits to ensure 
that they are inclusive and support the needs of minority groups, such as 
the LGBTQ+ community. In 2021, our median employee compensation was $73,420, including 
annual base pay, an annual target cash incentive opportunity, and grant 
date fair value of equity awards granted in the same year. Our CEO Pay 
Ratio for 2021 was approximately 228:1, as determined in accordance with 
the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
BeiGene is firmly committed to equal pay for equal work. As a pay-for-
performance company committed to pay equity, we continue to embed 
policies, principles, and practices of equity and inclusion across our 
processes, employee life cycle, and culture. Consistent with our BeiGene 
promise statement to address systemic injustices and inequities, we 
continue to fairly compensate our employees based on the work that 
they perform. 
As part of this commitment, BeiGene periodically undertakes internal 
pay equity reviews. BeiGene is proud that these analyses undertaken in 
2021 revealed no systemic pay equity issues. With a dynamic business and 
rapidly growing workforce, we will continue to review our processes going 
forward to ensure that all employees are paid fairly and equitably.2022 Goal
Improve colleague engagement by three percent globally  
versus 2020 engagement scores 
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
32  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportDevelopment Planning 
Once employees are established in their roles, they are encouraged to craft 
personal development plans in coordination with their managers. The 
plans include professional development goals and concrete steps toward 
achieving them, including on-the-job and formal training opportunities. 
Annually, all employees receive a performance review to reflect on their 
contributions and achievements and discuss opportunities to continue to 
develop and grow at BeiGene.
In 2021, we piloted an initiative with 50 employees in Asia to complete 
their individual development plans on an online platform. Based on the 
success of this pilot, we plan to offer this capability globally next year. 
Beyond these benefits, for high-performing, high-potential employees, 
we offer additional incentives. For instance, through our Key Contributor 
Program, employees are eligible to receive additional cash and/or stock 
awards for making contributions that are business-critical to the success 
of BeiGene. In addition, for unique one-off, business-critical situations, we 
have a program where the CEO has the ability to grant an equity award to 
high-performing, high-potential talent.
Learning and Development
As BeiGene grows, so do the professional development needs of our 
colleagues. Ultimately, we want every employee, at every level, to learn, 
develop, and flourish. In 2021, we pivoted from regional learning and 
development teams to a global learning and development function. 
This team will create curriculum and programs that can be tailored to 
specific regions, expanding learning and development opportunities in a 
thoughtful and cohesive way. Where departments identify specific skill-building needs, we are able 
to create custom development opportunities to meet those needs. For 
instance, in 2021, we created programs to help teams build cultural 
awareness and improve cross-cultural communication, as well as classes to 
help mid-level managers transition into senior leadership roles. 
With limitations imposed on in-person meetings in most locations 
during the COVID-19 pandemic, we also redesigned many courses into 
a fully online or blended learning journey, combining in-person and 
online classes. For example, we transitioned our new hire training for 
employees not based in China to an interactive online learning session 
and received positive feedback from many colleagues on the engaging 
nature of the content. 
Personalized Training Plan
We work to identify relevant training opportunities that allow employees 
to advance or hone their knowledge and skills. For many roles, certain 
training on topics like ethics, regulatory compliance, or EHS are 
mandatory. Others are focused on general professional skills, management 
skills, and job-specific technical skills. Employees work with their 
managers to select training that aligns with their professional development 
goals. In each case, we strive to provide employees with the opportunity to 
direct the majority of their training hours to individual needs. In 2021, all 
of our employees completed a combination of some compliance and job-
specific skills training. 
In North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA), 
we have additional learning and development programs to provide our 
employees and managers with the soft skills they need to be successful. 
Today, BeiGene University offers both classroom style and on-demand 
courses that can be taken at any time. As of December 31, 2021, BeiGene 
University offered 18 different courses and held 38 total sessions.

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
33  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Demonstrating Our Values
Elite Live is a trainings series, open to all China-based BeiGene 
employees, centered around our four company values. The program 
helps employees build the mindset and skills needed to put our values 
into practice. Sessions in 2021 included:
• Patients First: A colleague from our clinical operations team 
described how they set up a clinical study in a rural area in China, 
expanding access to new patients.
• Bold Ingenuity: A scientist from our transformational medicine 
research team spoke about how we turn molecules into medicines, 
providing employees with a better understanding of our innovative 
pipeline and the research and development process.
• Driving Excellence: The human resources team discussed meeting 
facilitation techniques and how to run an effective meeting.
• Collaborative Spirit: Colleagues participated in a self-assessment 
process to understand their personal communication style and 
identify ways to better interact with others.
These sessions have proven extremely popular, with over 4,000 
participants over the course of the year. “ Corporate values don’t mean 
anything unless you practice 
them daily. Elite Live is a unique 
program that allows employees 
to think about what each value 
means to them and how they can 
use them in their daily work. It’s 
been a powerful tool for building a 
values-driven culture.” 
Gary Wang 
VP, Head of Human Resources Business 
Partners and Talent Acquisition

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
34  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportTalent Acceleration Program (TAP)
In China, we implemented a new talent development program focused on 
building the skills of high-potential employees. We contracted with the Center 
of Creative Leadership (CCL) to provide leadership training to our first cohort 
of 35 colleagues. Topics included managing polarities, boundary spanning, 
innovative leadership, and team effectiveness. Each session was combined 
with a hands-on project to apply lessons learned in the classroom to a real-life 
scenario. We plan to enroll new cohorts in 2022 and are considering expanding 
TAP to other regions as well.
Work-Life Balance
Our employee engagement surveys from 2019 and 2020 found that while 
colleagues were highly engaged in their careers, the COVID-19 pandemic, 
combined with our rapid growth and the urgent nature of our work to 
improve the health outcomes for millions of patients, was resulting in a poor 
work-life balance for many employees. They also felt that decision-making 
was inefficient, leading to confusion and hampering progress. In response, 
BeiGene took a number of steps. 
To improve decision-making, BeiGene streamlined the leadership structure, 
reducing the number of direct reports to the CEO and shifting the 
organization from regional to global leadership. This change positions the 
company to better scale as a global organization and creates clear levels of 
accountability and decision-making to enhance process efficiency that had led 
to frustrations and delays.
To address work-life balance, we implemented a pilot program, BeBalanced, 
designed to change the way we work and provide tools for colleagues to better 
balance their professional and personal responsibilities. BeiGene plans to roll 
out a global program to address work-life balance in 2022.2022 Goal
Roll out a global initiative to 
address work-life balance

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
35  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
BeBalanced
BeBalanced is a global pilot involving more than 800 colleagues from 
our global clinical operations organization. The initiative provides 
tools and resources to help colleagues manage their work and time 
better, thereby reducing work-related pressures and stress. Each month, 
colleagues are provided resources highlighting a specific focus area to 
practice. For example, participants were given guardrails for running 
effective and efficient meetings, such as having an agenda, ways of 
working during meetings, and including only necessary participants. 
Other topics that BeBalanced focused on include time management, 
stress and self-management, and how to be a role model and “smart” 
leader. This program is under consideration for an enterprise or broader 
global launch, depending on the outcomes of the pilot.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
36  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportHealth and Safety
We are committed to protecting the health and safety 
of our colleagues globally. We maintain a robust EHS 
program to ensure the safety of our workforce in 
our laboratory, clinical trial, manufacturing, and 
office settings. 
In 2021, our primary focus was on maintaining robust 
safety protocols to manage the risks associated 
with the COVID-19 pandemic. Throughout the year, 
our laboratories and manufacturing facilities in 
China remained open, and our field staff continued 
implementing our clinical trials globally. The rest of 
our employee base worked remotely outside of limited 
in-person meetings. To protect our colleagues, we 
continued to enforce requirements from the World 
Health Organization, the National Health Commission 
of China, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention, and other governmental entities. We also 
continued to operate our Emergency Response Team 
in China and global COVID-19 task force to update 
protocols and procedures, provide safety training, 
manage internal and external communications, and 
collect and track health information. Our vigilance in 
adhering to stringent safety protocols allowed us to 
record zero significant outbreaks in 2021.
Beyond the pandemic, we focused on improving 
safety performance in our manufacturing facilities 
and laboratories. For example, in our Guangzhou 
manufacturing facility, we conducted a safety risk 
assessment, leading to increased instruction on 
working at height; preventing slips, trips, and falls; the installation of additional handrails and a voice 
prompter in stairs; and marked walking and vehicle 
pathways in the factory to mitigate the risk of injury 
in the workplace. We also set up an emergency head 
counting system that will allow us to rapidly and 
accurately count and locate personnel in case of an 
emergency. In our Suzhou manufacturing facility, we 
conducted a similar health and safety risk assessment 
and implemented a corresponding mitigation plan. 
We also held a Corporate Safety Day to reinforce 
workplace safety practices and encourage employees 
to adopt healthy habits outside of the workplace. 
Between 2019 and 2021, BeiGen had only a few 
recordable incidences – two in 2019 and three in 2021. 
Those in 2021 were repetitive motion injuries. None of 
these injuries resulted in lost workdays due to injury. 
BeiGene also did not have any employee fatalities over 
this three-year period. 
Across the company, we continued our monthly global 
Safety and Security Awareness campaigns, initiated in 
2020. This year we covered topics including domestic 
violence, preparing for adverse weather, responding 
to an active assault, COVID-19, and mental health 
awareness. These communications are available in 
English and Chinese. Additionally, BeiGene continues 
to aid employees who have been impacted by natural 
disasters, including assisting with relocation when 
necessary. In 2021, our Global Security team provided 
direct assistance to four colleagues and their families. 
Overall, there were 20 adverse incidents that impacted 
either our colleagues at home or abroad. 

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
37  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportA Culture of Belonging 
As a global organization comprised of employees of 
various backgrounds and cultures, we understand that 
the sharing of diverse ideas and perspectives spurs 
greater innovation and enhances our ability to deliver 
results. We celebrate these differences and encourage 
colleagues to share their voices and perspectives to 
foster a culture of understanding and mutual respect. 
We also prohibit discrimination or harassment in the 
workplace on the grounds of gender, ethnicity, race, 
disability, age, religious belief, sexual orientation, 
nationality, or family status.
With heightened attention on incidents of racial 
injustice and inequity in the U.S., we formed 
the Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Awareness 
(IDEA) Council in 2020 to provide a forum for U.S. 
employees to explore issues of diversity, equity, 
inclusion, and belonging. The Council helped 
advance our DEI strategy in three areas: leadership 
culture; recruitment and retention; and metrics and 
infrastructure. In 2021, we focused primarily on 
creating a culture of DEI and made progress around 
increasing diversity in recruitment. To this end, we provided training sessions in Everyday Inclusion 
and Allyship. We also worked to obtain more 
diverse candidate slates for positions in the U.S. and 
implemented training designed to eliminate bias 
during the interview process. 
The work of the IDEA Council highlighted the need 
for a global DEI strategy. So, in 2021, we hired a Vice 
President to lead DEI and who will be building out a 
DEI function as well as expanding the IDEA Council 
to have representation beyond the U.S. The DEI team 
will develop a three-year global strategy to improve 
DEI across the company. Additionally, we developed a 
program to address diversity in clinical trials .
 
2022 Goal
Develop a three-year global strategy to 
improve DEI across the company

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
38  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Coffee and Conversations
Each month, BeiGene hosts one-hour Coffee and Conversations forums, 
open to all colleagues in the Americas, Europe, and New Markets, on 
a different subject related to DEI. In 2021, topics included Women’s 
History Month, Black History Month, LBGTQ+, Hispanic Heritage, 
and Asian Pacific American Heritage, among others. Coffee and 
Conversations begin with an overview of the topic and often include 
panelists who share personal stories during the session to broaden 
colleague understanding of important diversity issues. We end the 
sessions with an open discussion. Colleagues from all levels participate 
in Coffee and Conversations, including our CEO. “ Coffee conversations have 
been so successful because 
they allow individuals in our 
organization to share their 
personal stories. This makes 
equity and inclusion issues real 
and relatable and forces listeners 
to consider these issues and their 
own behavior in a new way.”
Sandy Cheng 
Director, Talent Development and Inclusion

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
39  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportOur Workforce
Employee Count by Employment Type 2019 2020 2021 2021 Performance
BeiGene Employees 3,359 5,151 ● 8,033 (94%)
Contingent Workers 151 220 ● 492 (6%)
Employee Count by Region
Asia Pacific  2,690  4,341 ● 7,052
North America  756  935 ● 1,260
Europe  64  95 ● 213
Employee Count by Age 2019 2020 2021
30 and under 29% 34%  ● 40%
31-50 64% 60%  ● 55%
51-65 7% 6%  ● 5%
65 and above <1% <1%  ● <1%
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
40  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report48% 52%58% 42%Employee Count by Gender 2019 2020 2021 2021 Performance
Female MaleNot 
Declared Female MaleNot 
Declared Female MaleNot 
Declared
Chief Executive Officer 0.0% 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% 100.0% 0.0%
Employee 
Count by 
GenderChief Financial Officer, President & China GM 0.0% 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% 100.0% 0.0% 50.0% 50.0% 0.0%
Chief Medical Officers & Chief Advisor, SVP, 
China Development, General Counsel25.0% 75.0% 0.0% 33.3% 66.7% 0.0% 25.0% 75.0% 0.0%
Executive / Senior Vice President 14.3% 85.7% 0.0% 19.0% 81.0% 0.0% 15.4% 84.6% 0.0%
Vice President 20.0% 80.0% 0.0% 21.4% 78.6% 0.0% 31.3% 68.8% 0.0%
Executive Director 61.1% 38.9% 0.0% 63.3% 36.7% 0.0% 57.3% 42.7% 0.0%
Gender 
(Director and 
Above)Senior Director 50.0% 50.0% 0.0% 51.6% 48.4% 0.0% 53.5% 46.5% 0.0%
Director 53.3% 46.7% 0.0% 56.7% 43.3% 0.0% 56.6% 43.4% 0.0%
Associate Director 68.6% 31.4% 0.0% 66.1% 33.5% 0.4% 59.5% 39.9% 0.5%
Manager / Senior Manager 60.1% 39.8% 0.1% 59.3% 40.6% 0.1% 58.9% 41.0% 0.1%
Below Manager 60.3% 39.7% 0.0% 59.8% 40.2% 0.0% 57.7% 42.3% 0.0%
Total 59.1% 40.8% 0.0% 59.1% 40.8% 0.1% 57.6% 42.3% 0.1% ● Female ● Male
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
41  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report2021 Employee Count by Ethnicity
White (Not 
Hispanic or 
Latino)Asian (Not 
Hispanic or 
Latino)Black or African 
American (Not 
Hispanic or 
Latino)Hispanic or 
Latino (Blank)I do not wish to 
answer.Two or More 
Races (Not 
Hispanic or 
Latino)Native 
Hawaiian or 
Other Pacific 
Islander (Not 
Hispanic or 
Latino)American 
Indian or 
Alaska Native 
(Not Hispanic 
or Latino)
Chief Financial Officer, President & 
China GM0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
39.4%
38.3%5.35.32.40.40.1
8.8
●  White (Not Hispanic or Latino
● Asian
● Black or African American
● Hispanic or Latino
● Two or More Races
●  Native Hawaiian or Other 
Pacific Islander
●  American Indian or Alaska Native
● I do not wish to answer or blankChief Medical Officers & Chief 
Advisor, SVP, China Development, 
General Counsel0.0% 66.7% 0.0% 0.0% 33.3% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
Executive / Senior Vice President 72.2% 16.7% 5.6% 0.0% 5.6% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
Vice President 38.5% 33.3% 5.1% 2.6% 10.3% 5.1% 5.1% 0.0% 0.0%
Executive Director 34.9% 48.8% 2.3% 2.3% 2.3% 4.7% 4.7% 0.0% 0.0%
Senior Director 49.6% 30.6% 3.3% 0.0% 10.7% 4.1% 1.7% 0.0% 0.0%
Director 41.4% 40.7% 4.3% 3.1% 4.9% 4.3% 1.2% 0.0% 0.0%
Associate Director 36.9% 43.5% 3.0% 4.2% 3.0% 6.5% 2.4% 0.0% 0.6%
Manager / Senior Manager 41.5% 36.2% 5.3% 7.4% 3.7% 3.2% 2.1% 0.5% 0.0%
Below Manager 28.6% 41.3% 10.2% 9.2% 3.6% 2.6% 3.6% 1.0% 0.0%
Total 39.4% 38.3% 5.3% 5.3% 4.8% 4.0% 2.4% 0.4% 0.1%
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
42  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Innovating 
Sustainably
42  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
43  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
 43  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportInnovating Sustainably
The health of our planet is intrinsically linked to human health. Science 
increasingly shows that elevated levels of pollution correlate to higher 
incidences of disease, including some forms of cancer. Moreover, climate 
change is leading to unprecedented changes in weather, sea-level rise, and 
other issues that will undoubtedly affect businesses globally and disrupt the 
lives of many of our patients. As a company working to find treatments for 
cancer and other life-threatening diseases, we understand our responsibility 
to do so in a way that mitigates our impact on the planet. 

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
44  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportSuzhou: 
• Over 13,000 square meters of small molecule 
production capacity (100 million tablets annually)
• Began construction on new 82,000-square-
meter campus which is expected to expand  
small-molecule manufacturing capacity to 
one billion tablets/capsules annually (10 times 
current capacity)
• Phase 1, expected to be completed in 2023, will 
expand production to 600 million tablets/capsules
• Facility also produces commercial medicines and 
biologics candidates for clinical supply with 500 
liters capacityGuangzhou: 
• Approximately 158,000-square-meter state-of-
the-art commercial-scale manufacturing facility 
for the manufacturing of large-molecule biologics
• 8,000 liters of capacity approved for commercial 
production with 54,000 liters in place and 
expansion of the facility to 64,000 liters by the 
end of 2022
• Production capacity is expected to expand to 
between 120,000 liters and 200,000 liters in 
the futureBeijing: 
• Pilot scale (approximately 140 square meters) 
manufacturing capabilities located in our 
research facility 
• Produces preclinical and clinical trial materials 
for some of our small-molecule drug candidatesHopewell:
• Plan to build a new commercial-stage 
manufacturing and clinical R&D campusOur Manufacturing Footprint
BeiGene operates manufacturing facilities for small-molecule medicines and large-molecule biologics in Suzhou and Guangzhou, China, respectively, 
to support the commercialization and potential future demand of our internally developed medicines. As a relatively young company, we have had the 
opportunity to build new state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities that are designed for efficiency. In 2021, we announced our intention to build a third 
facility in Hopewell, New Jersey, U.S.

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
45  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportDefining 
Our Strategy
As we scale our production to meet the growing 
demand for our medicines, we anticipate that our 
footprint will grow. We are investing in state-of-the-
art facilities as well as developing strategies to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions, water use, and waste. 
Given the pressing nature of climate change, we are first focusing 
on developing a global climate strategy. In 2021, we expanded our 
greenhouse gas inventory to be comprehensive of our global Scope 1 
and 2 emissions from direct burning of fossils fuels and electricity  
use in our operations.
In 2022, we will conduct our first Scope 3 inventory to better 
understand our value-chain impacts. Using this information, 
we will set greenhouse gas reduction goals and a roadmap for 
achieving them. We also plan to conduct a climate-risk assessment 
in line with the requirements of the Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures, or TCFD, to identify climate-related risks and 
opportunities that could impact our business and detail our governance 
processes for managing them. Climate-related risks are also outlined 
in BeiGene’s 2021 Annual Report filed with the SEC. By proactively 
assessing the impacts of climate change on our business, we can take 
appropriate actions to ensure business continuity and the delivery of 
critical medicines to our patients.
In subsequent years, we plan to develop a product stewardship 
strategy to better understand our impacts on climate, water, and 
waste throughout our value chain.22.3%
R&D Center
3.4%
Office
74.1%
Manufacturing/Plant94% (35,898)
Total Indirect GHG 
Emissions (Scope 2)4% (2,217)
Total Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1)
2021 Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions
(38,115 tonnes CO2e)
Total GHG Emissions
(Scope 1 & 2) (tonnes CO2e)2022 Goals
Expand greenhouse gas inventory to include Scope 3 
value-chain emissions
Conduct a climate risk assessment
Set a global climate strategy
Explore creation of a product stewardship program

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
46  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report2022 Goal
Achieve ISO 14001 certifications for our Suzhou and 
Guangzhou manufacturing facilitiesOperational Efficiency 
We understand the importance of designing 
our facilities and manufacturing processes to 
be as efficient as possible. Our comprehensive 
environmental management system, aligned with 
ISO 14001 standards, allows us to track and improve 
environmental performance across our research 
and manufacturing operations. In 2022, we plan to 
achieve ISO 14001 certifications for our Suzhou and 
Guangzhou manufacturing facilities.
In 2021, we continued our efforts to reduce our 
environmental impacts in our manufacturing facilities. 
Examples of initiatives to reduce our use of energy, 
water, and natural resources include:
• Process efficiency improvements: In Suzhou, 
we changed our manufacturing process to reduce 
the number and length of sanitation cleanings, 
eliminating the need for approximately 250 
tonnes of purified water in 2021.
• Efficient heating and cooling systems: In 
Guangzhou, we installed a variable frequency 
drive on our chiller. The drive allows the chiller to 
dynamically adapt to system needs as opposed to 
running continuously, in turn saving 10-15 percent 
on energy use. We also converted the refrigerant 
in this system to R-134a, a non-ozone depleting 
refrigerant with a low global warming potential. In 
addition, we implemented a heat recovery system 
in our large air handling units, reducing energy use by up to 30 percent, depending upon the season. 
We also recover steam condensation heat from 
our hot water exchanger. 
• LED lighting: At our R&D facility in Beijing, we 
completed an LED retrofit, leading to electricity 
savings. 
• Wastewater treatment improvements: In 
Suzhou, we expanded our wastewater treatment 
plant to both increase system capacity and 
reduce sludge waste generation. By using a new 
reverse osmosis process, we reduced sludge 
waste by around 13 tonnes per year while saving 
approximately 1,000 tonnes of steam annually. 
• Graywater for landscaping: In Guangzhou, we 
collect and recycle the wastewater generated by 
the clean water system for landscaping, saving 
almost 55,000 tonnes for greening irrigation 
water throughout the year.
• Reusable packaging: In Suzhou, we reuse drug 
substance transportation boxes, preventing 1,000 
kilograms of waste generation in 2021.
Outside of China, our offices remained closed for the 
majority of 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and 
were re-opened for employee use on a voluntary basis. 

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
47  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportRendering of BeiGene’s planned state-of-the-art manufacturing campus and clinical R&D center in Hopewell, New Jersey, U.S.
New Manufacturing Site in Hopewell, 
New Jersey, U.S.
In November 2021, BeiGene announced the purchase of a 42-acre site in Hopewell, New Jersey, U.S., 
to house a new state-of-the-art manufacturing campus and clinical R&D center. Subject to finalizing 
the development plans, BeiGene expects a state-of-the-art facility with up to approximately 37,000 
square meters of dedicated commercial-stage biologic pharmaceutical manufacturing, including up to 
16,000 liters of biologics capacity, along with clinical R&D and office space. Construction of the initial 
phase is expected to commence in 2022. In addition, the property has more than one million square 
feet of developable real estate for potential future expansion. Investment in U.S. manufacturing will 
help expand and diversify BeiGene’s global supply chain and build new manufacturing capabilities for 
our broad pipeline of biologic and drug candidates.“ With this property acquisition, 
we plan to establish a flagship 
manufacturing and clinical R&D 
center in the U.S. to build new 
manufacturing capabilities for 
our broad pipeline of biologic and 
drug candidates. We have already 
begun hiring additional colleagues 
from the deep talent pool in New 
Jersey and look forward to serving 
as a member of the thriving 
Hopewell business community.”
Michael Schoen 
SVP, Business Operations

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
48  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportOur Environmental Performance
As we expand production, we anticipate that our environmental impacts will grow. Growth in our 2021 environmental footprint reflects increased production at our 
Suzhou and Guangzhou facilities as well as more holistic reporting from our global footprint.
Energy Use (FY 2019 – FY 2021) (MWh) 2019 2020 2021
Total energy consumption 16,161 63,392 82,977
Direct energy consumption 2,646 2,439 10,585
Natural gas12,646 2,439 9,066
Mobile2- - 803
Diesel Fuel3- - 717
Indirect energy consumption 13,514 60,953 72,392
Electricity413,452 31,287 47,780
Steam562 29,666 24,612
Total energy consumption per unit of operating income (MWh/kg commercial product6) - 28.24 4.99
1 In 2021, natural gas use increased due to a switch from steam to natural gas in the Suzhou manufacturing facility and the inclusion of estimated use in U.S. and European offices. 
2 Mobile consumption was reported for the first time in 2021 and reflects consumption by U.S. fleet vehicles.
3 Diesel fuel was reported for the first time in 2021 and reflects use of diesel generators to support expanded commercial production in the Guangzhou manufacturing facility. 
4 In 2021, electricity use increased due to the inclusion of all China offices and estimated use in U.S. and European offices. 
5 In 2021, the decrease in steam primarily reflects a switch from steam to natural gas in our Suzhou manufacturing facility. 
6 In all environmental data charts, commercial product refers to net weight of commercial products, not including packaging.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
49  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportGreenhouse Gas Emissions (FY 2019 – FY 2021) (tonnes CO2e) 2019 2020 2021
Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) 9,023 27,623 38,115
Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) 535 493 2,217
Natural gas 535 493 1,815
Mobile - - 210
Diesel Fuel - - 192
Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2) 8,488 27,130 35,898
Electricity 8,468 17,583 26,151
Steam 20 9,547 9,746
Total GHG emissions per unit of operating income (tonnes/kg commercial product) - 12.30 2.29
Other Air Emissions (FY 2019 – FY 2021) (tonnes) 2019 2020 2021
SO 2 emissions 0.03 0.08 0.127
NO x emissions1 0.32 1.23 0.195
VOC emission20.03 0.17 2.631
1 In 2021, NOx emissions declined due to a switch from natural gas to purchased steam in our Guangzhou facility. 
2  VOC emissions mainly include non-methane hydrocarbons generated by VOC solvents used in the Beijing and Shanghai R&D centers, and the Suzhou and Guangzhou plants. 
BeiGene confirmed an error in 2019 and 2020 calculations, resulting in low emissions figures. 2021 emissions have been calculated using a new methodology.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
50  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportWaste (FY 2019 – FY 2021) (tonnes)12019 2020 2021
Hazardous waste2 146 210 414
Non-hazardous waste3307 672 281
Hazardous waste per unit of operating income (tonnes/kg API) - 0.09 0.02
Non-hazardous waste per unit of operating income (tonnes/kg commercial product) - 0.30 0.02
1 Global office data was excluded from these metrics. 
2 Hazardous waste increased in 2021 due to the expansion of commercial production at the Guangzhou facility and expansion of the Beijing R&D Center.
3 Non-hazardous waste decreased due to actual data collected in 2021 versus estimated data in 2020. 
Water Use (FY 2019 – FY 2021) (cubic meters)12019 2020 2021
Total water consumption2145,495 319,979 359,004
Production water consumption 132,074 295,957 342,172
Office water consumption 13,421 24,021 16,832
Recycled water 3,458 2,912 2,388
Wastewater351,939 52,481 66,156
Chemical oxygen demand 3.68 5.57 5.24
Ammonia nitrogen 0.55 0.42 0.44
Water consumption per unit of operating income (cubic meters/kg commercial product) - 142.53 21.60
Wastewater per unit of operating incomes (cubic meters/kg commercial product) - 23.38 3.98
1 Global office data was excluded from these metrics. 
2 The 2021 increase in production water consumption and was due to the expansion of commercial production in our Guangzhou facility. 
3 The increase in wastewater in 2021 was due to the expansion of commercial production in our Guangzhou facility and inclusion of wastewater discharged from auxiliary processes in the Suzhou factory. Auxiliary process water from this facility was not included in prior years.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
51  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportPackaging Use (FY 2019 – FY 2021) (tonnes) 2019 2020 2021
Total packaging material used for finished medicines 1 3.67 2.55 94.00
Packaging material used per unit of product (tonnes/kg commercial product) - 0.001 0.006
1 Packaging increased in 2021 due to the expansion of commercialized production in our Guangzhou facility
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
52  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Supporting 
Communities
52  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
53  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
 53  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportSupporting Communities
We understand that cancer and other diseases not only affect patients but 
also their loved ones. We are working to establish stronger relationships with 
patient advocacy organizations (PAOs) to learn from their experiences of 
living with the disease to ensure we are a truly patient-centered organization. 
We are committed to including patient insights into our clinical development 
programs and working with PAOs to ensure that they are supported to help 
patients, caregivers, communities, and medical professionals that rely on 
their services. 
We also want the work that we do as a company to extend into our local communities. In the past year, we launched a  
new employee engagement initiative to provide new ways for our employees to volunteer their time. With an enthusiastic 
team of more than 8,000 colleagues, we are finding new ways to share our expertise, resources, enthusiasm, and know-how 
to give back.

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
54  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportEngaging Patient 
Communities
BeiGene is committed to elevating the voice 
of our patients to evolve the global healthcare 
conversation around issues of patient-centered 
clinical development, health equity, policy, access, 
education, and affordability. In 2021, we hired an 
Executive Director, Patient Advocacy and Public 
Health Policy, who ensures patient advocacy is 
central to BeiGene’s strategy, while also helping our 
team share resources globally. This individual will 
help us deepen, expand, and build new relationships 
with PAOs in order to improve the ways we support 
and engage with patients globally. Additionally, we 
hired an Executive Director, Global Head, Early 
Patient Engagement & Professional Societies 
(Ex-China) to ensure that patient insights are 
incorporated into research, clinical development, 
and throughout the R&D lifecycle. 
We recognize the vital role that PAOs play in serving patient needs. 
Our strategy is to create, build, and expand partnerships and programs 
to live our mission of listening to and supporting patients around the 
world. Our strategy is to:
• Understand patient and caregiver needs and integrate this into the 
fabric of the company.• Integrate patient perspectives early and often into clinical 
development programs.
• Advance oncology, health equity, and public health policy to 
improve access to and delivery of medicines.
• Work through collaborative partnerships with PAOs and 
multilateral organizations to change the healthcare ecosystem 
for the better. 
• Engage, educate, and mobilize BeiGene colleagues to engage and 
serve patients where they are.
In all of our interactions with PAOs, we are committed to the highest 
standards of integrity and adherence to industry codes and relevant 
laws relating to patient engagement and advocacy. Our commitment 
includes honoring the independence of PAOs in their political 
judgement, strategies, policies, and activities; never requesting a 
PAO to promote a prescription-only medicine; and ensuring that the 
objectives and scope of our partnerships are transparent and that 
financial or non-financial support is clearly acknowledged. 
Over the course of 2021, we jumpstarted some of these partnerships, 
including hosting two advocacy forums and sponsoring capacity 
building, research, and patient education. In addition, we launched 
the BeiGene Patient Advocacy Council, which is comprised of leading 
PAOs and several patients, in order to deepen our relationships in 
the community and better support the needs of people impacted 
by cancer. The council will continue to meet regularly in 2022. 
In 2022, we also plan to develop a three-year global strategy for 
patient engagement and advocacy and to expand partnerships and 
collaborations with organizations around the world focused on health 
policy, equity, and patient needs.
2022 Goals
Develop a three-year global strategy for  
patient engagement and advocacy
Expand partnerships and collaborations with 
organizations around the world focused on health 
policy, equity, and patient needs
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
55  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Patient Engagement in Italy
In 2021, BeiGene partnered with several organizations that support patients and caregivers. 
BeiGene provided nearly $150,000 to three organizations for activities ranging from molecular 
tumor profiling to online education campaigns. These organizations included: 
• Women Against Lung Cancer in Europe (WALCE): Supported three programs including: 
• A Be MUT-ual Days event in Rome, which provided over 80 patients and caregivers with 
information on molecular tumor profiling and innovative treatments. 
• A social media campaign on lung cancer to help the general public more easily recognize 
symptoms and reduce the stigma around the disease.
• The European Program for Routine testing of Patients with Advanced lung cancer 
(EPROPA), which offers free comprehensive molecular profiling to patients with advanced 
non-small cell lung cancer as well as financial and logistical support for patients to access 
clinical trials outside of their home country or region, if needed. 
• European Patients’ Academy on Therapeutic Innovation (EUPATI) & l’Accademia Del 
Paziente Esperto EUPATI: Supported training of 50 patients on how to most effectively 
engage in the R&D process of innovative medicines. 
• Rete Oncologica Pazienti Italia: Supported development of a booklet for cancer patients, 
caregivers, and the general public on how to manage the side effects associated with 
immunotherapy treatments. 
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
56  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportPatient Engagement and 
Advocacy Mission
Elevate the patient’s voice, challenge the current 
healthcare model, and evolve the global healthcare 
conversation to equitably deliver better medicines 
to more people living with cancer.Global Patient Advocacy Organization Forums
In June 2021, BeiGene hosted our first Global Advocacy Forum comprised of 
22 representatives from 20 global PAOs. The forum provided an opportunity 
to introduce BeiGene to these organizations, share our mission, and identify 
ways to better support their patient communities. In October 2021, we hosted 
our inaugural European Advocacy forum, attended by 15 patient advocates 
from nine countries. The Forum focused on introducing BeiGene to the PAO 
community and discussing our founding story, the company’s commitment 
to patients, and our investment in science and innovation. We plan to use the 
comments, insights, and needs shared by the patient community during these 
forums and other ongoing engagements to inform our three-year strategy. 
Patient Education
Our knowledge of diseases and how to best treat them is constantly evolving. 
PAOs play a vital role in educating patients and caregivers about their diseases 
and available support and treatments. Throughout 2021, BeiGene sponsored 
PAO initiatives to create educational resources for patients, including patient 
education videos, webinars, and fact sheets. Organizations we supported 
include the International Waldenstrom’s Macroglobulinemia Foundation, 
Lymphoma Research Foundation, and Leukemia & Lymphoma Society. In 
China alone, in cooperation with 14 patient communities and seven non-
profit organizations, we supported creation of 13 patient education booklets, 
25 courses, 80 articles and 1,200 lectures throughout the year, reaching more 
than 4,000,000 online patients with different solid tumors, hematologic 
tumors, and rare diseases. We also shared these educational materials with 
healthcare professionals and pharmacies to help enhance their understanding 
of the diseases and treatments.“ Patient advocacy organizations 
are a place where patients can 
go to share their experiences, find 
educational resources, and receive 
support. These organizations 
understand the pain points in 
the patient journey and can help 
BeiGene identify how to hone 
our medicines and improve our 
approach in order to provide the 
best benefit to patients.”
Maia Thrift-Perry 
Executive Director, Global Head of Patient Advocacy 
and Public Health Policy

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
57  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Lymphoma Research 
Foundation Patient 
Education
In 2021, BeiGene provided a grant to the Lymphoma Research 
Foundation to support the development of patient education materials 
and forums. This included national sponsorship of a YouTube video on 
MZL; fact sheets on MCL, MZL, and CLL; and patient webinars on CLL 
and MCL. BeiGene was also a Gold Supporter of the North American 
Educational Forum on lymphoma, an annual program that provides 
critical information on treatment options, patient support issues, 
clinical trials, and the latest advances in lymphoma research to people 
with lymphoma and their loved ones.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
58  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportMedical Education and Research
We support medical education and research as a means of educating healthcare 
professionals on our medicines, innovations in drug development, and new approaches 
to patient care. This includes sharing research findings at conferences and congresses 
as well as sponsoring scientific meetings globally. In 2021, we supported over 45 medical 
education events around the world with a wide variety of organizations including 
Pharmacy Times Continuing Education, Australasian Leukaemia and Lymphoma Group, 
Lymphoma Australia, GEPAC Grupo Español de Pacientes con Cáncer, and British 
Columbia Community Oncology Trialists. 
Employee Volunteerism and Charitable Giving
Our passion and determination extend beyond investigating new medicines to 
demonstrating a positive impact in our local communities. Many colleagues have long 
been involved in fundraising initiatives such as the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society’s 
Light the Night campaign. In late 2021, we launched a new employee volunteerism 
initiative to provide colleagues with additional opportunities to impact causes they care 
about. In 2022, we plan to launch colleague engagement and volunteer events in the 
U.S., Europe, Australia, and China, and engage employees in supporting organizations 
focused on cancer awareness-raising, patient support, and research.
2022 Goals
Launch colleague engagement and volunteer events 
in the U.S., Europe, Australia and China
Engage employees to support organizations focused on 
cancer awareness-raising, patient support, and research

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
59  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Light the Night 
Employee Fundraising
In September 2021, over 250 of our colleagues from across the U.S. 
participated in the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society’s Light the Night, a 
fundraising campaign benefiting The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society’s 
funding of research to find blood cancer cures. Twenty regional teams 
raised more than $35,000 to bring light to the darkness of cancer 
through research and cures. 
“ Our employees are passionate 
about supporting patients in 
their communities. We’re proud 
of the incredible work they do —
volunteering their time and raising 
funds for nonprofit organizations 
working to accelerate cancer 
research and improve patient care.”
Graham Hardiman 
SVP, Global Human Resources

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
60  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Operating 
Responsibly
60  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
61  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
 61  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportOperating Responsibly
At BeiGene, we are steadfast in our commitment to operating our business 
responsibly. Our values are ingrained in everything we do, pushing us to 
operate with integrity, transparency, and as a global corporate citizen. 
This includes strong governance of our ESG issues, proactively engaging 
with key stakeholders, operating our business in an ethical manner, 
and sourcing from partners that share our commitment to social and 
environmental responsibility. 

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
62  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportCorporate 
Governance
Responsibility for our performance begins with our Board of 
Directors. Our Board guides our business strategy and ensures 
that we practice good governance in our operations. Our 
Board actively engages on key business topics including ESG 
governance for the benefit of our patients, investors, and 
other stakeholders. 
All members of the Board of Directors, except John V. Oyler and Xiaodong Wang, are 
independent, as determined in accordance with the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market; 
and all members of the Board of Directors, except John V. Oyler, Xiaodong Wang, and 
Anthony C. Hooper, are independent, as determined in accordance with the HKEX 
and SSE Listing Rules. The Board is comprised of five independent board committees, 
including (1) Audit Committee, (2) Compensation Committee, (3) Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee, (4) Scientific Advisory Committee, and (5) 
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee.
BeiGene has adopted a board diversity policy to enhance diversity on the Board of 
Directors. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, our Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee will review annually the structure, size, and composition of the 
Board of Directors and, where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the 
Board of Directors. In reviewing the Board of Directors’ composition, our Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee will consider, among other characteristics, the 
nationality, ethnicity, gender, age, skills, expertise, and industry and regional experience 
of board members and nominees. Our Board is comprised of twelve directors, two of 
whom are female. 
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
63  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportESG Oversight 
and Governance
In 2021, we continued to evolve our ESG governance 
strategy, launching a new ESG framework, Change Is the 
Cure. This framework defines our key focus areas and 
strategic priorities that will guide our strategy moving 
forward. This framework is supported by the highest 
levels in the organization, beginning with our Board of 
Directors and Executive Leadership team. 
ESG Governance
Our majority-independent Board of Directors is committed to representing 
all stakeholders’ interests. The Board receives and reviews reports on the 
company’s ESG management approach and performance, including an annual 
review of the company’s ESG report. The Board also reviews the company’s 
materiality assessment each year that a refresh is performed.
To advance goal development and facilitate strategy implementation, in 
2021, BeiGene hired a Senior Director, Global Reputation and ESG Lead. This 
individual works with specialists across the organization to understand and 
accelerate BeiGene’s approach on material ESG issues. For example, in 2021, 
BeiGene formed affordability and climate change working groups to further 
hone our strategy on these topics. Progress is regularly reported to the 
company’s Reputation Leadership Team, comprising a cross-functional team 
of executive leaders, for review and feedback.” This year, BeiGene adopted a new 
ESG framework and strategic 
priorities. In 2022, we will focus on 
creating goals in important areas 
like DEI and climate change as a 
means of integrating ESG into our 
business strategy.”
Christine Riley Miller 
Senior Director, Reputation and ESG Lead

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
64  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportStakeholder Engagement
Our ESG strategy is informed by feedback from many stakeholders, from 
colleagues to investors to PAOs. Across the organization, colleagues are 
constantly interacting with and learning from various constituencies that 
have a vested interest in how we manage our ESG issues. For example, our 
investor relations team has discussed our approach to specific ESG topics 
with interested shareholders. Individual functions leverage insights from 
these interactions when creating their departmental strategic plans and when 
contributing to the ESG framework and strategy. 
BeiGene also participates in a number of industry and professional 
associations relevant to our business. Examples of memberships include 
BIO, Massachusetts Biotechnology Council (MassBio), and the International 
Consortium for Innovation and Quality in Pharmaceutical Development. 
Participation in these organizations provides us with valuable learnings 
on trends and best practices. We also look to align with international 
frameworks to guide our ESG approach. In 2022, BeiGene plans to become 
a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact, which encourages 
businesses to adopt sustainable and socially responsible policies and to 
report on their implementation.“ By aligning our ESG strategy with 
the U.N. Sustainable Development 
Goals, we are committing to 
support the priorities of the 
international community. We know 
that advancing health globally 
will require cooperation between 
companies, multi-lateral agencies, 
nonprofits, and governments to 
bring about true change, and we 
are excited to lend our resources 
to that effort.” 
Shreya Jani 
VP, Corporate Affairs
2022 Goal
Become a signatory to 
the U.N. Global Compact

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
65  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportBusiness Ethics
Our Code of Conduct guides our daily interactions 
with one another and all of our stakeholders — 
from our patients and their doctors to government 
regulators and our collaboration partners. We 
pursue our business objectives with integrity and 
respect and in compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations. Our Code of Conduct addresses issues, 
including compliance, interactions with healthcare 
professionals, anti-competitive behavior, conflicts of 
interest, confidentiality, and more. We continually 
promote a culture of compliance and ethical 
operations through new hire and regular trainings 
and maintain robust monitoring and reporting 
systems. Each year, employees are asked to certify 
that they understand and will comply with our Code 
of Conduct. Anti-Bribery and Corruption
BeiGene takes a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption 
and is committed to acting professionally, fairly, and with integrity in 
all our business dealings and relationships. We assign a combination 
of electronic learning modules and live trainings on our Anti-Bribery 
and Corruption Policy and related topics. Global e-learning modules 
are incorporated into an annual curriculum at least every other year. 
Live trainings are conducted based on an employee’s role within the 
organization. For sales personnel, for instance, we have separate ethical 
marketing training programs, including quarterly tests, to ensure they 
understand relevant policies and regulations. Each year, our employees 
sign off on our Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy. Additionally, the 
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors receives quarterly reports 
on anti-corruption and significant compliance program activities.
Open-Door Culture
We promote an open-door policy and encourage our employees to ask 
questions or raise concerns without hesitation or fear of retaliation. 
If individuals are not comfortable reporting issues of concern directly 
to management, they may file complaints via our compliance hotline 
or web portal, available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, in multiple 
languages. BeiGene prohibits retaliation, harassment, or other 
adverse action against someone who files a complaint; assists with 
or participates in an investigation; opposes harassment; or otherwise 
exercises rights protected by applicable laws. Avenues for raising 
complaints are discussed during new hire and other ethics trainings 
as well as in our Code of Conduct and Harassment, Discrimination, 
& Retaliation Policy. BeiGene also has a formalized Whistleblower 
Policy. All reports are investigated thoroughly and independently by 
designated compliance personnel, and appropriate disciplinary or 
preventive actions are taken to address any findings.

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
66  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportResponsible 
Procurement
BeiGene understands the importance of working with 
suppliers who share our commitment to high-quality 
products and responsible operations. In the past year, 
we have evolved our procurement team from several 
regional teams into a global function, allowing all regions 
to work together in a coordinated fashion to ensure the 
safety and quality of the products we buy. 
All members of the procurement team receive corporate and locally tailored 
trainings on our procurement policies and approach. In 2022, the team is 
planning to introduce a procurement academy and responsible sourcing will 
be a module offered as part of this deployment. 
Global Supplier Code of Conduct
As part of ensuring consistency in our approach to purchasing, our 
procurement and compliance teams released a global Supplier Code of 
Conduct in June 2021. The Code covers a wide range of factors – from cost 
and reliability to environmental and social considerations. This includes a 
large emphasis on business ethics, including adherence to anti-corruption 
rules and a commitment to operate with honesty and integrity. 
Beginning in October 2021, all new suppliers must certify their compliance 
with the Code’s standards in order to work with BeiGene. Existing suppliers 
will be asked to adhere to the Code as their contracts come up for renewal. For suppliers with higher environmental and social risks, such as engineering 
and construction suppliers, we have additional stringent requirements for 
managing those risks. For example, our contracts with engineering suppliers 
specify that they are obliged to minimize the adverse impact of their 
operations on the environment. 
Preferred Vendor Program
We want to reward suppliers that meet our high standards. In 2021, we 
developed a “preferred vendor” program. These vendors meet both our 
stringent performance standards and have been certified to our Supplier 
Code of Conduct. Preferred vendors benefit by accessing new opportunities 
as a priority as well as being invited to co-develop new and innovative 
solutions to support BeiGene’s goals. 
Supplier Risk Assessments
We expect suppliers to abide by all laws, regulations, and standards not only 
related to healthcare, but also those that address financial, labor, health, 
safety, transparency, and environmental practices. BeiGene conducts routine 
site quality audits of manufacturing-related suppliers. As part of these 
assessments, we evaluate several ESG topics, including ethics, employee 
health and safety, and environmental performance. If we are aware of any 
actions or conditions not in compliance with our standards, we will seek to 
work with our suppliers to take corrective or remedial actions. We have also 
strengthened our focus on supplier due diligence through our vendor due 
diligence procedure, ensuring that new vendors are set up for success.
In 2022, we plan to implement a new third-party risk management program. 
This program will expand the number of ESG factors we evaluate, such as 
reputation, child labor, and working conditions. Our end goal is to complete 
an annual third-party risk evaluation for 100 percent of our top suppliers, 
covering 80 percent of our total spend. 2022 Goals
Introduce procurement academy, including 
training on responsible sourcing
Implement a third-party risk management program

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
67  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportLocal Procurement
To lower our environmental footprint and ensure continuity of the supplies we need, BeiGene is increasingly prioritizing working with local suppliers, meaning 
suppliers within the country or region in which the supplies or services are required. In 2021, we moved over $12 million of our spend from imported goods and 
services to locally sourced. For example, we have switched to local supplier sites in China, rather than air shipping supplies from the U.S. Additionally, supplier 
diversity is considered in the U.S., and BeiGene reports on this in accordance with local government regulations.
Suppliers by Region*
Region Number of Suppliers Percentage of TotalCountries Included Based 
on 2021 Purchase Orders
North America 736 27% U.S., Canada, Cayman Islands
Central and South America - 0% None
Europe, Middle East, 
and Africa231 9% Switzerland, Germany, Spain, France, 
Great Britain, Italy, Netherlands
Asia Pacific 155 6% Australia, South Korea, 
New Zealand, Singapore
China 1,578 58% China
Total 2,700 100%
*  The data is limited to procurement of products and services for corporate, commercial, and technical operations functions. It excludes donations, grants, sponsorships, 
investigator, partner/in-licensing, or similar expenditures.” By sourcing locally, in-country, we 
reduce business continuity issues 
as well as the environmental 
impacts of transporting goods 
long distances.”
Jason Lin 
Head of Procurement Manufacturing & Laboratories

Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
68  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
GRI/HKEK Index
68  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
69  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG Report
 69  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportGRI/HKEX Index
This report was developed with reference to the GRI Standards and in accordance with 
the requirements of Appendix 27: Environmental, Social, and Governance Reporting 
Guide of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong 
Kong Limited, where our ordinary shares are listed for trading under the stock code 
06160. The following index details where information may be found in this report. In 
addition, we have included supplemental information on certain issues in the index that 
may be of interest to stakeholders.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
70  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
Chapter 1, About BeiGene
GRI 1: GRI Content Index
Statement of Use  BeiGene has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period January 1 – December 31, 2021 with 
reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 used  GRI 1: Foundation 2021
GRI 2: General Disclosures 
GRI 2-1 Organizational details BeiGene does not have a single corporate headquarters. Rather, it has administrative offices in Basel, Switzerland; Beijing, 
China; and Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S. See page 2.
GRI 2-2/ HKEX 15 Entities included in the organization’s 
sustainability reportingAbout BeiGene. See page 2.
GRI 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point About this report. See page 2.
HKEX 14: Materiality and Quantitative Disclose the process to identify material 
ESG factor and if stakeholder engagement 
is conductedESG Strategy. See page 3. 
Stakeholder Engagement. See page 64.
GRI 2-4/ HKEX 14: Consistency Restatements of information This year, BeiGene restated its environmental metrics to improve accuracy. Last year’s data predominantly reflected 
environmental impacts of our operations in China. This year’s report includes data from our operations globally, including 
the U.S. and Europe, unless otherwise noted. We also changed our U.S. diversity data reporting to align with U.S. Equal 
Employment Opportunity Commission categories for race and ethnicity.
GRI 2-5 External assurance This report has not been externally assured.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
71  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
GRI 2-6 Activities, value chain, and other 
business relationshipsBeiGene is part of sector 3520: Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology, & Life Sciences, according to the Global Industry 
Classification Standard (GICS). BeiGene is a global, commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on discovering, 
developing, manufacturing, and commercializing innovative medicines to improve treatment outcomes and expand access for 
patients worldwide. BeiGene manufactures its medicines in China with plans to expand to the U.S. 
BeiGene’s upstream value chain primarily consists of the production and transport of the materials needed to conduct R&D 
activities and to manufacture and package our medicines. In addition, BeiGene relies upon a global network of clinics with 
which we partner to conduct clinical trials. BeiGene’s downstream value chain includes distribution partners and a larger 
network of clinics from which BeiGene’s medicines are administered to patients.
GRI 2-7 Employees Empowering Our People. See page 39.
GRI 2-8 Workers who are not employees Empowering Our People. See page 29.
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021   
GRI 3-1 Process to determine material topics ESG Strategy. See page 3.
GRI 3-2 List of materials topics ESG Strategy. See page 3.
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics ESG Oversight and Governance. See page 63.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
72  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
Chapter 2, Advancing Global Health
Product Responsibility   
HKEX Aspect B6 Information on the policies; and compliance 
with relevant laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the issuer relating to 
health and safety, advertising, labelling and 
privacy matters relating to products and 
services provided, and methods of redress Ethical Research and Development. See page 22.
In addition, we comply with relevant laws and regulations related to product responsibility including, but not limited to, 
the ICH Q10 Drug Quality Control System; U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; U.S. Health Insurance Portability 
and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”); regulations from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; EU General Data Protection 
Regulations (“GDPR”); Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China; Regulation on the Administration of Human Genetic 
Resources of the People’s Republic of China; and China Personal Information Protection Law. 
416-2/ HKEX KPI B6.1 Incidents of non-compliance concerning 
the health and safety impacts of product 
 and services;
Percentage of total products sold or shipped 
subject to recalls for safety and health reasonsPatient Safety. See page 24. 
HKEX KPI B6.2 Number of products and service related 
complaints received and how they are dealt with Patient Safety. See page 24. 
HKEX KPI B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing 
and protecting intellectual property rights Our commercial success depends on our ability to develop and protect our inventions, proprietary technology, and 
knowledge. We strictly abide by and keep abreast of the requirements of relevant laws and regulations related to intellectual 
property rights in countries and regions in which we operate. We also provide training to employees to raise their awareness 
of intellectual property protection and BeiGene’s policies and procedures. 
We have filed and continue to pursue patent applications and obtained patents in the U.S., Europe, China, and other 
geographies, relating to our medicines, drug candidates, and technologies. In addition, we have established an employee 
inventor policy to encourage drug innovation and new drug development, and we comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations regarding inventor remuneration. 
We avoid infringing on the valid patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties by conducting Freedom to 
Operate (FTO) analyses to make sure that the development and commercialization of our medicines does not infringe 
others’ valid patent rights. In certain cases, we rely on in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen, and support our 
development programs. We conduct intellectual property due diligence for in-license and out-license projects to minimize 
intellectual property risks. 
HKEX KPI B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and 
recall proceduresQuality Assurance. See page 26. 
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
73  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
Data Privacy   
GRI 103-2/ HKEX B6.5  Management Approach/Description of consumer 
data protection and privacy policies, and how 
they are implemented and monitored  Clinical Trials Excellence. See page 22. 
GRI 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches 
of customer privacy and losses of customer dataIn 2021, BeiGene did not have any complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy or losses of customer data.
Public Policy   
GRI 103-2 Management Approach Advocacy. See page 27.
GRI 415-1 Political contributions Advocacy. See page 27. 
Responsible Marketing   
GRI 103-2 Management Approach Responsible Marketing. See page 27.
GRI 417-1 Requirements for product and service 
information and labeling Responsible Marketing. See page 27.
GRI 417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product 
and service information and labeling In 2021, BeiGene did not have any complaints concerning product and service information and labeling.
GRI 417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning 
marketing communications In 2021, BeiGene did not have any complaints concerning marketing communications.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
74  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
Chapter 3, Empowering Our People   
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion/ Non-discrimination
GRI 103-1-3 Management Approach A Culture of Belonging. See page 37.
GRI 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Empowering Our People Data. See page 41.
GRI 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 
women to men Empowering Our People Data. See page 31. 
GRI 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective 
actions takenWe were not aware of any incidents of material non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations relating to employment, 
occupational health and safety, and labor standards.
Employment   
GRI 103-1-3 Management Approach Colleague Engagement and Well-Being. See page 31.
Supplier Risk Assessments. See page 66.
HKEX Aspect B1: Employment Information on the policies and compliance 
with relevant laws and regulations that have 
a significant impact on the issuer, relating to 
compensation and dismissal, recruitment and 
promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal 
opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and 
other benefits and welfareWe maintain compliance with relevant laws and regulations related to employment including; but not limited to; the U.S. 
Civil Rights Act of 1964; U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act; U.S. Age Discrimination in Employment Act; U.S. Equal Pay Act; 
and U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act; Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China; Labor Contract Law of the 
People’s Republic of China; Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Women’s Rights and Interests; Social 
Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China; Provision on Minimum Wage of the People’s Republic of China; Swiss Code 
of Obligations; German Civil Code; French Labour Law; Italian Civil Code; UK Employment Rights Act 1996; and Spanish 
Civil Code and its Collective Bargain Agreements.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
75  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
GRI: 401-1/HKEX KPI B1.1-B1.2 Total number and rate of new employee hires 
and turnover during the reporting period, by age 
group, gender, and region.See tables below:
New Employee Hires
Employee Hires (%) 2019 2020 2021
Total  1,886  2,718  5,026
By employment type
BeiGene Employees  1,737  2,450  4,271
Contingent Workers  149  268  755
By gender
Female  58%  58%  55%
Male  42%  42%  45%
By age
30 and under  26%  41%  55%
31-50  66%  55%  41%
51-65  8%  4%  3%
65 and above  <1%  <1%  <1%
By region
Asia Pacific  75%  85%  84%
North America  22%  13%  13%
Europe  3%  2%  3%Employee Turnover 
Turnover (%) 2019 2020 2021
Total 17% 16%  21%
By gender
Female 16% 14%  19%
Male 20% 19%  25%
By age
30 and under  20%  16%  23%
31-50  16%  15%  20%
51-65  9%  13%  16%
65 and above  40%  38%  23%
By region
Asia Pacific  19%  16%  23%
North America  13%  13%  17%
Europe  2%  17%  18%
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
76  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
GRI 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees 
that are not provided to temporary or 
part-time employeesIn the U.S., we offer medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and disability insurance; fertility/adoption services; family 
support services; wellness programs; and a 401(k)-retirement plan. We also contribute 50% of the deductible toward a 
Health Savings Account with our high-deductible medical plan option. In other parts of the Americas and EMEA, we offer 
statutory coverages and supplemental coverages, which may include pension, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, disability 
insurance and wellness programs. 
In China, we provide social insurance and commercial insurance to all full-time employees. For social insurance, BeiGene 
contributes to the employee’s social security account. Additionally, our comprehensive commercial plan covers medical in-
patient benefit with 100% reimbursement, medical out-patient benefit with 90% reimbursement, critical illness insurance, 
life insurance, accidental insurance, and global travel insurance, among others. 
In Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea, and Japan, we offer both statutory benefit plans and supplemental benefit 
plans recognized by local practice, including individual medical insurance reimbursement, home office assistance, flu vaccine 
support, and global travel insurance, etc. In Australia and New Zealand, we also provide commercial life/income protection 
insurances to employees.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
77  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
GRI 401-3 Parental leave benefits For new parents, BeiGene offers 12 weeks of parental leave at full pay for U.S. employees in addition to state paid leave and 
disability programs. In Canada, we offer 18 weeks of top-off pay for those on maternity leave.
For new parents in China, we follow local regulations, which vary by province. The minimum national requirements include 
98 days full paid maternity leave and seven days full paid paternity leave; however, different cities/provinces will have 
different requirements. 
In Australia, BeiGene offers 12 weeks full paid maternal leave on top of the state standard of 18 weeks leave paid at state-fixed 
minimum wage as well as two weeks full paid paternity leave on top of the state standard of two weeks paid by minimum 
wage. In the rest of the Asia Pacific (APAC), we follow country-specific parental leave guidelines.
Below is a summary chart of Parental Leave taken by region in 2021:
Parental Leave Americas EMEA APAC
Men entitled to parental leave 420 58 2,797
Men that took parental leave 8 0 39 
Total male employees that returned to work in the reporting period 
after parental leave ended8 0 44; 2 still on leave
Total male employees that returned to work after parental leave ended 
that were still employed 12 months after their return to workAll except 1 are still with the company 0 43
Females entitled to parental leave 600 82 3,778
Females that took parental leave 37 2 114 
Total female employees that returned to work in the reporting period 
after parental leave ended23; 14 still on leave 2 still on leave 76; 49 still on leave
Total female employees that returned to work after parental leave 
ended that were still employed 12 months after their return to workAll except 1 are still with the company 2 still on leave 69
Total parental leaves taken in 2021: 45 2 153
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
78  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
GRI 2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Compensation and Benefits. See page 21.
Labour Standards
 GRI 103-1-3 Management Approach We respect fundamental human rights as set out in the International Bill of Human Rights and support the key tenants of 
the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We are committed to complying with all applicable 
laws related to the rights of our patients and associates in the geographies where we operate. This includes compliance with 
the PCR’s Provisions on Prohibition of Child Labor and U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act. In addition, associates must adhere to 
additional requirements outlined in our Code of Conduct and other business policies. We also detail expectations related to 
human rights for our business partners in our Supplier Code of Conduct.
HKEX Aspect B4 Information on the policies and compliance 
with relevant laws and regulations that have 
a significant impact on the issuer relating to 
preventing child and forced labourIn strict accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we strictly forbid the employment of child labor and incidents of 
forced labor. We have recruitment guidelines in place.
HKEX KPI B4.1 Description of measures to review employment 
practices to avoid child and forced labour Every job applicant is required to provide information such as proof of identity, educational background, and work 
experience, which is reviewed by us and verified by a professional background checking agency as needed, to avoid related 
risks. During the reporting period, BeiGene did not have any cases of child labor or forced labor.
HKEX KPI B4.2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such 
practices when discoveredSee above.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
79  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
Occupational Health and Safety
GRI 103-1-3 Management Approach We maintain a robust EHS program to ensure the safety of our workforce in laboratory, clinical trial, manufacturing, 
and office settings. We are committed to creating a safety culture – one that fosters a safe work environment to promote 
employee health and well-being. Our EHS management system is based on the ISO18001 framework. The system includes 
our EHS Management System Manual, which includes corresponding policies and standard operating procedures (SOPs), 
such as our Restricted Space Management Procedure, Procedure for Explosive Chemicals Management, and Occupational 
Health Management Procedure, to manage and control occupational health and safety risks. We regularly review and 
update our SOPs.
Our Global Head of Technical Operations and Manufacturing is responsible for overseeing and directing overall EHS 
management and is supported by the EHS department that integrates EHS considerations into our business. 
HKEX Aspect B2: Health and Safety Information on the policies and compliance 
with relevant laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the issuer relating to 
providing a safe working environment and 
protecting employees from occupational hazardsWe strictly comply with the applicable laws related to occupational health and safety, such as the workplace safety standards 
set by the federal U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration or state/local safety standards, the Law of the People’s 
Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, the Technical Specification for Occupational Health 
Surveillance, the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Treatment of Infectious Diseases, and the 
Provisions of the State Council on the Investigation of Administrative Responsibility for Major Safety Accidents.
See above for our approach to EHS management.
GRI 403-1, 403-2 and 403-3/ HKEX KPI B2.3 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and 
incident investigation
Occupational health and safety 
management system
Description of occupational health and 
safety measures adopted, and how they are 
implemented and monitoredHealth and Safety. See page 36.
We conduct regular safety inspections and internal EHS audits. We have also established an emergency response system 
to deal with natural disasters, medical emergencies, fire and explosion emergencies, and chemical spills, among others. We 
carry out relevant emergency drills regularly to ensure that employees are trained on emergency procedures. All first-aid 
specialists in the plants have received professional training delivered by the local Red Cross, and in our manufacturing facility 
in Guangzhou, China, we employ a full-time nurse on staff.
When designing new facilities, we employ qualified third parties to evaluate and design safety features to mitigate risks within 
our facilities and production lines. 
GRI 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and 
communication on occupational health 
and safetyEach manufacturing facility and R&D site has an EHS committee comprising leadership and frontline employees to 
promote a safety culture, review performance scorecards, investigate safety near misses or incidences, and implement 
corrective actions.
GRI 403-5 Worker training on occupational health 
and safetyWe conduct occupational health and safety trainings for all our employees and third parties on a regular basis to enhance 
occupational health and safety awareness and improve their capabilities to cope with safety incidences. Our employees who 
engage in higher-risk work activities are required to take additional trainings or receive certifications before performing 
certain tasks. Employees are provided with appropriate personal protective equipment to reduce potential exposure.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
80  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
GRI 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational 
health and safety impacts directly linked by 
business relationshipsPatient Safety. See page 24. 
GRI 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and 
safety management systemAll of the employees in our manufacturing and R&D facilities are covered by our EHS management system.
GRI 403-9 and 403-10/ HKEX KPI B2.1 and B2.2 Work-related injuries and ill health Fatalities
Total injury rate
Lost days due to work injuryHealth and Safety. See page 36.
Training and Education   
GRI 103-1-3/ HKEX Aspect B3 Management Approach Learning and Development. See page 32.
GRI 404-1/ HKEX KPI B3.2 The average training hours completed by gender 
and employee categoryBeiGene does not track training hours per employee at this time. For more information, see Personalized Training Plan 
on page 32.
HKEX KPI B3.1 The percentage of employees trained by gender 
and employee categoryPersonalized Training Plan. See page 32.
GRI 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 
transition assistance programsLearning and Development. See page 32.
BeiGene provides assistance programs to facilitate continued employability for those employees separated from the company.
GRI 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews100% of BeiGene’s employees receive regular performance and career development reviews.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
81  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
Chapter 4, Innovating Sustainably  
Materials  
GRI 301-3-3/ HKEX A1, A2, A3, and A4 Management approach BeiGene is committed to acting as a responsible environmental steward. This includes minimizing our use of materials, 
energy, and water and reducing the amount of waste produced by our operations. 
BeiGene only has manufacturing facilities in China. We comply with relevant laws and regulations, including the 
Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, Water Pollution Prevention Law of the People’s Republic of 
China, Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, and 
Regulations on the Administration of Construction Project Environmental Protection.
We also maintain a robust EHS program to ensure sound environmental practices in our laboratory, clinical trial, 
manufacturing, and office settings. Our EHS management system is based on the ISO14001 framework. The system includes 
our EHS Management System Manual which includes corresponding policies and standard operating procedures (SOPs). 
For example, we maintain management procedures for wastewater, gas emissions, leak prevention, and solid waste, among 
others. We regularly review and update our SOPs. 
Our Global Head of Technical Operations and Manufacturing is responsible for overseeing and directing overall EHS 
management and is supported by the EHS department that integrates EHS considerations into our business.
GRI 301-1/ HKEX A2.5 Materials used by weight or volume BeiGene does not yet collect information outside of packaging materials used for finished products. Our Environmental 
Performance. See page 48.
GRI 301-2 Recycled input materials used BeiGene does not yet collect this information.
GRI 301-3 Reclaimed products and their 
packaging materialsBeiGene does not yet collect this information.
Energy
GRI 302-3-3/ A2.3 Management approach See Materials: Management Approach (GRI 301-3-3) above. 
Innovating Sustainably. See page 42.
Operational Efficiency. See page 46.
GRI 302-1/ HKEX A2.1 Energy consumption within the organization Our Environmental Performance. See page 48.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
82  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
GRI 302-2/ HKEX A2.1 Energy consumption outside of the organization Our Environmental Performance. See page 48.
GRI 302-3/ HKEX A2.1 Energy intensity Our Environmental Performance. See page 48.
GRI 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Our Environmental Performance. See page 48.
GRI 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products 
and servicesBeiGene does not yet collect this information. We are conducting a Scope 3 
inventory in 2022.
Water and Effluents
GRI 303-3-3 Management approach See Materials: Management Approach (GRI 301-3-3) above. 
Innovating Sustainably. See page 42.
Operational Efficiency. See page 46.
GRI 303-1/ HKEX A2.4 Interactions with water as a shared resource BeiGene operates two main manufacturing facilities located in Guangzhou and Suzhou, China. The locations of our 
Guangzhou and Suzhou facilities are rated as Medium-High and High, respectively, for overall water risk according to 
WRI Aqueduct as assessed on January 25, 2022. We have not experienced any issues sourcing water for our operations. We 
continue to explore opportunities for reducing our water use in these locations. See Operational Efficiency, page 46.
GRI 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Our R&D centers and manufacturing plants are equipped with wastewater treatment facilities, and we conduct monitoring to 
ensure that the treated water meets national and local standards. The industrial wastewater from the Suzhou plant is 100% 
recycled after being treated. The sanitary sewage from our plants is discharged into the municipal pipelines in accordance 
with the local standards. We engage qualified testing institutions to conduct regular wastewater discharge testing. In 2021, we 
did not find any cases in which wastewater exceeded the local standards.
GRI 303-3 Water withdrawal Our Environmental Performance. See page 50.
GRI 303-4 Water discharge Our Environmental Performance. See page 50.
GRI 303-5/ HKEX A2.2 Water consumption Our Environmental Performance. See page 50.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
83  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
Emissions
GRI 305-3-3/ HKEX A1.5 Management approach See Materials: Management Approach (GRI 301-3-3) above. 
Innovating Sustainably. See page 42.
Operational Efficiency. See page 46.
GRI 305-1/ HKEX A1.1-A1.2 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Our Environmental Performance. See page 49.
GRI 305-2/ HKEX A1.1-A1.2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Our Environmental Performance. See page 49.
GRI 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Our Environmental Performance. See page 49.
GRI 305-4/ HKEX A1.1-A1.2 GHG emissions intensity Our Environmental Performance. See page 49.
GRI 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Our Environmental Performance. See page 49.
GRI 305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) Our Environmental Performance. See page 49.
GRI 305-7/ HKEX A1.1-A1.2 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and 
other significant air emissionsApart from greenhouse gas emissions, our major air emissions include SO2 and NOx generated from natural gas 
consumption during production, and a small volume of waste gas generated during laboratory operations. SO2 and 
NOx emissions are discharged after being processed by waste gas treatment facilities to ensure that SO2 and NOx 
concentrations meet the emission standards set by the local authority. Waste gas from the laboratories is discharged 
through fume hoods, and a treatment device has been installed at the end of the ventilation system in each laboratory to 
ensure we meet emissions standards.
We engage qualified testing institutions to conduct regular air emissions discharge testing. In 2021, we did not find any cases 
in which emissions exceeded the local standards.
Our Environmental Performance. See page 49.
Waste   
GRI 306-3-3 Management approach See Materials: Management Approach (GRI 301-3-3) above. 
Innovating Sustainably. See page 42.
Operational Efficiency. See page 46.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
84  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
GRI 306-1/ HKEX A1.6 Waste generation and significant 
waste-related impactsOur non-hazardous waste includes domestic waste produced in office operations and non-hazardous waste from production. 
Non-hazardous waste produced in manufacturing and R&D facilities is disposed of by municipal sanitary stations. Domestic 
waste produced in office operations is handled by property management companies, with whom we collaborate to recycle 
items such as cardboard boxes, glass, plastic, and paper. Our operation sites follow waste sorting standards and abide by local 
laws and regulations. Hazardous waste produced in manufacturing and the laboratories is collected and stored in compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations and transported to qualified third-party vendors for disposal. Through strict daily 
management and optimization of production processes, we strive to reduce the generation of hazardous waste.
GRI 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts See above.
GRI 306-3/ HKEX A1.3 and A1.4 Waste generated Our Environmental Performance. See page 50.
GRI 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal BeiGene does not yet collect this information.
GRI 306-5 Waste directed to disposal BeiGene does not yet collect this information.
Chapter 5, Supporting Communities   
Charitable Giving and Indirect Economic Impacts
GRI 103/HKEX Aspect B8: Community Investment 
KEX KPI B8.1Management Approach  Supporting Communities. See page 53.
GRI 203-1/ HKEX KPI B8.1 and B8.2 Infrastructure investments and 
services supported 
Focus areas of contribution and resources 
contributed to the focus areaSupporting Communities. See page 53.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
85  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
Chapter 6, Operating Responsibly   
Governance   
GRI 2-9 Governance structure and composition Corporate Governance. See page 62. 
Additional details on our Board of Directors can be found in our 2022 Proxy Statement.
GRI 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest 
governance bodyCorporate Governance. See page 62. 
Additional details on the nomination and selection of our Board of Directors can be found in our 2022 Proxy Statement.
GRI 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Corporate Governance. See page 62.
GRI 2-12/ HKEX 13 (I, ii, iii) Role of the highest governance body in 
overseeing the management of impactsESG Strategy. See page 3. 
ESG Oversight and Governance. See page 63.
GRI 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impactsESG Oversight and Governance. See page 63.
GRI 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in 
sustainability reportingESG Oversight and Governance. See page 63.
GRI 2-15 Conflicts of interest Additional details on how we manage conflicts of interest for the Board of Directors can be found in our 
Corporate Governance Guidelines .
GRI 2-16 Communication of critical concerns ESG Oversight and Governance. See page 65.
GRI 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest 
governance bodyCorporate Governance. See page 62.
GRI 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest 
governance bodyThe Board of Directors does not have a formal process for reviewing its performance on ESG-related issues.
GRI 2-19 Remuneration policies Details on our remuneration policies and approach can be found in our 2022 Proxy Statement.
GRI 2-20 Process to determine remuneration The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for determining remuneration for our executive officers. 
Details on our remuneration policies and approach for our executive officers can be found in our 2022 Proxy Statement and 
Compensation Committee Charter.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
86  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
Anti-Competitive Behavior   
GRI 103-2 Management Approach Business Ethics. See page 65.
GRI 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-
trust, and monopoly practicesAs of the end of 2021, we have had zero monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with anti-competitive behavior. We also have zero 
concluded legal cases on these issues.
Anti-Corruption
GRI 103-2 Management Approach Our anti-corruption management approach includes internal and external audits, due diligence on collaborations, and 
policies and trainings to deter non-compliance and reduce exposure to unethical conduct. Additionally, various risk 
assessments are conducted by the appropriate control departments at the company.
Business Ethics. See page 65.
HKEX Aspect B7 Information on the policies and compliance 
with relevant laws and regulations that have 
a significant impact on the issuer relating to 
bribery, extortion, fraud, and money launderingWe implement anti-corruption control measures and strictly follow relevant laws and regulations against corruption, 
extortion, fraud, bribery, and unfair competition, such as the Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Act, the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute, 
UK Antibribery Act, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and the Law of the People’s Republic of China against 
Unfair Competition.
Business Ethics. See page 65.
GRI 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related 
to corruption Business Ethics. See page 65.
GRI 205-2/ HKEX KPI B7.3 Communication and training about anti-
corruption policies and proceduresWe provide regular updates and training to the Board of Directors on relevant anti-bribery and corruption topics.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
87  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
GRI 205-3/ HKEX KPI B7.1 Confirmed incidents of corruption and 
actions taken
Number of concluded legal cases regarding 
corrupt practices brought against the issuer or 
its employees during the reporting period and 
the outcomes of the casesAs of the end of 2021, we have had zero monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with corruption or bribery. 
We also have zero concluded legal cases on these issues.
Responsible Procurement
GRI 103-2/ HKEX Aspect B5 and KPI B5.2 Management Approach 
Policies on managing environmental and social 
risks of the supply chainResponsible Procurement. See page 66. 
Supplier Risk Assessment. See page 66.
HKEX KPI B5.1 Number of suppliers Local Procurement. See page 67.
HKEX KPI B5.3 Practices used to identify environmental and 
social risksSupplier Risk Assessment. See page 66.
GRI 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers Local Procurement. See page 67.
GRI 205-2: Anti-Corruption Due diligence in evaluating contracts/suppliers Responsible Procurement. See page 66. 
GRI 308/ HKEX KPI B5.4 Engagement with suppliers to improve 
environmental performanceSupplier Risk Assessment. See page 66.
GRI 414 Engagement with suppliers to improve 
social performanceSupplier Risk Assessment. See page 66.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
88  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
Tax Strategy   
GRI 103-2/ HKEX KPI B5.2 Management Approach BeiGene pays the required amount of all taxes we owe in compliance with the tax laws and regulations in the various 
jurisdictions where we conduct our business. The Company neither tolerates nor facilitates tax evasion. An experienced 
group of tax professionals manages BeiGene’s tax costs and risks with oversight by our finance function and Audit 
Committee. BeiGene qualifies for several government authorized tax incentive programs that promote beneficial social 
policies, such as the High and New Technology Enterprise program for our operations in China. Tax management consults 
with external advisors on significant or uncertain tax matters. Finally, BeiGene has developed and maintains a respectful 
professional relationship with all relevant tax authorities.
GRI 207-1 Approach to tax See Tax Strategy: Management Approach (GRI 103-2).  
GRI 207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk management See Tax Strategy: Management Approach (GRI 103-2).  
GRI 207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of 
concerns related to taxSee Tax Strategy: Management Approach (GRI 103-2).  
GRI 207-4 Country-by-country reporting BeiGene reports on tax liabilities in our regular financial filings to the U.S. SEC and other applicable regulatory authorities. 
BeiGene is not yet profitable and does not report tax liabilities on a per country or regional basis. Disclosure on taxes paid 
may be found in our financial reporting on our website at ir.beigene.com.
Strategy, policies and practices  
GRI 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy CEO letter, see page 1.
GRI 2-23 Policy commitments ESG Strategy. See page 3. 
GRI 2-24 Embedding policy commitments Business Ethics. See page 65.
GRI 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts BeiGene is required to carefully monitor the safety of its products from first use in humans through post-commercialization. 
The company acts upon any potential safety issues identified by patients or others through ethics committees or Institutional 
Review Boards. 
Patient Safety. See page 24.
GRI 2-26/ HKEX KPI B7.2 Mechanisms for seeking advice and 
raising concernsOpen Door Culture. See page 65.
Overview Advancing Global Health Empowering Our People Innovating Sustainably Supporting Communities Operating ResponsiblyGlobal Reporting Initiative / 
Hong Kong Exchange Limited Index 
89  ::  BeiGene 2021 ESG ReportChapter 1, About BeiGene Description Response
GRI 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations In 2021, BeiGene did not have any instance of non-compliance in which fines or non-monetary sanctions were incurred. 
GRI 2-28 Membership associations Stakeholder Engagement. See page 64.
Stakeholder engagement   
GRI 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Stakeholder Engagement. See page 64.
GRI 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements BeiGene has not entered into any collective bargaining agreements in the U.S., APAC, Europe or Latin America, except that 
BeiGene is enrolled in the SESCON (trade union) and EAA (employee’s union) in Brazil because of a local law obligation.
BeiGene.com