Social
Responsibility Report2019
Our Purpose Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud Our Team
Quick Facts About Us
Stock symbol: BLKB
Founded in 1981
3,400 employees
Headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina,  
we also have operations throughout the United States,  
Australia, Canada, Costa Rica, and the United Kingdom. 
We generated $851 million in total revenue in 2018,  
up 7.6% from 2017.
We serve millions of users in more than 100 countries.  
Those organizations and individuals using Blackbaud 
technology raise, grant, and invest more than $100 billion  
in their programming each year.
With over $100 million invested in research and development, 
we are dedicated to driving innovation for our customers.
100% of our work has been and will be  
focused on building a better world.Awards and Accolades:
Recognized for 4th 
Consecutive Year
Fortune’s 56 Companies 
Changing the World List
Best Use Of Technology & 
Social Media
2018 Top Tech Employer
Distinguished Winner for 
6th Consecutive YearSoftware that Serves the 
Greater GoodTrust Radius 2018 Top  
Rated Nonprofit CRM 
Solution: Blackbaud Raiser’s 
Edge NXT®Trust Radius 2017 Top  
Rated Nonprofit CRM 
Solution: Blackbaud 
eTapestry®Contact Center of the  
Year-Technology IndustriesnpENGAGE.com Listed for 
4th Consecutive YearnpENGAGE.com 
consecutively recognized 
as a “Top Nonprofit Blog”Ranked for 20th 
Consecutive YearTrust Radius 2018 Top 
Rated Financial Accounting 
Solution: Blackbaud 
Financial Edge NXT®2017 Sally Award for 
Customer Success 
ExcellenceIntelligence  
for Good®2017 Top 50 SaaS CEOs, 
Blackbaud’s Mike GianoniBlackbaud President 
and CEO Mike Gianoni 
Recognized Two Years  
in a  RowVoted #1 for 3rd 
 Consecutive Year Blackbaud’s K–12 Solutions 
Ranked for 3rd 
Consecutive YearRecognized for the 
second consecutive year 
as a Top Company for 
Women TechnologistsRecognized as a Best 
Employer for WomenRecognized for 2nd 
Consecutive YearFrontrunner 2017 Top Rated 
Nonprofit CRM Solution: 
Blackbaud Raiser’s Edge NXTFrontrunner 2017 Top Rated 
Nonprofit CRM Solution: 
Blackbaud eTapestryRecognized as a Leading 
Employer for Diversity TrustRadius 2019 Top Rated 
– Raiser’s Edge NXTNamed by IDC as 
one of the top 30 
largest cloud software 
providers worldwideRecognized for Student 
Information SystemsFinancial Edge NXT among 
the Top 5Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
2
Our Purpose Our Team
When we say we want to help good take over, we know 
that starts within our own team. We’re proud to partner 
with people and organizations working to build a better 
world—and we want them to be proud of us, too.
Last year we produced our inaugural Social Responsibility 
Report. In doing so, we took the important step of 
committing to paper the ways that we bring our vision to 
life in our company’s daily operations.
Creating that report gave us the chance to reflect on 
all the ways our team members contribute to their 
communities and the causes they believe in—both on and 
off the clock. It provided an opportunity to assess our own 
operations and to examine what we do well and where 
we can do better. It also offered us a chance to think 
creatively about our ever-evolving culture.Corporate social responsibility has never been more 
important, and it will become more and more significant 
to standard business operations over time. It goes beyond 
checking boxes and earning accolades; it means thinking 
critically about our responsibilities as a technology 
provider, an employer, a public company, an environmental 
steward, and a member of the global community.
Consumers and jobseekers alike want to know not only 
what a company does, but how it does it. I’m proud of 
both the “what” and the “how” at Blackbaud. 
Our 2019 Social Responsibility Report breaks down 
key pieces of our story: our purpose, our people, our 
governance, and our world. I hope reading this year’s 
report gives you insight into who we are, just as crafting  
it gave us insight into where we’re headed.A Message from Mike 
“I help good take over by serving on boards and volunteering with organizations in my community—
currently the International African American Museum, Charleston Animal Society, and Clemson University.”MIKE GIANONI  
President and CEO, Blackbaud 
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
3
Our Purpose Our Team
Blackbaud began nearly four decades ago with a simple idea:
Organizations and people striving to make a tangible 
impact in their communities deserve the right tools to help 
them work faster, more efficiently, and at greater scale. 
Because that’s how good takes over. Our Purpose
We started with a single customer, the Nightingale-Bamford School in New York City, 
which has provided kindergarten through high school education to girls and young 
women for nearly 100 years—and which, we’re proud to say, remains a Blackbaud 
customer today. The school needed a computerized billing system—a transformational 
innovation in 1981. From that single customer and its success, Blackbaud began.
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
4
Millions of users in over 100 countries raise, grant, and invest more than $100 billion 
each year. But despite Blackbaud’s growth and evolution, we remain singularly 
focused on our mission: to help good take over.
We do that by providing cloud software, services, data intelligence, and expertise 
that connect and empower people to drive impact for social good. We pride 
ourselves on our unique role in powering an Ecosystem of Good®—helping people 
and organizations who are working to build a better world thrive by connecting them 
with one another. But we don’t just power this Ecosystem with our software; we also 
enthusiastically participate in it.
As a giveback to the community we serve, the Blackbaud Institute brings together 
the best minds in philanthropy to deliver leading-edge research that accelerates the 
impact of social good. We uncover insight from the most comprehensive data set 
in the social good community and publish findings and best practices to empower 
readers to drive greater impact in their work.
Today, we serve the entire social good community, which includes:
• Nonprofits
• Higher education institutions
• K–12 schools
• Healthcare organizations
• Faith communities• Arts and cultural organizations 
• Foundations
• Companies
• Individual change agentsOur Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
5
Our Purpose Our Team
We encourage employee choice in the way we give, and we donate 3% of our pretax profit to 
support causes that reflect our team’s passions. In alignment with the Sustainable Development 
Goals, nearly half of our charitable donations represent our commitment to education, peace 
and justice, and ending poverty. Those three focus areas also reflect our deep commitment to 
serving underrepresented minorities. Of our total philanthropy, we invest:We love what we do. And it’s not simply 
because we enjoy the fast-paced, problem-
solving environment of a tech company, but 
it’s also because we recognize that we’re 
quickly solving problems for customers 
who are making their communities—and our 
world—better. A singular question drives us 
forward every day: 
How can we innovate to help our 
customers do even more good?Education
In Canada, we awarded a Blackbaud Community 
Matters grant to MusiCounts, which strives to provide 
access to music education for all Canadian children.
Justice and Inclusive Institutions
At our 2018 user conference in London, we made 
a donation to the Sophie Hayes Foundation, 
which helps human trafficking survivors achieve 
independence through employment. 
Poverty Reduction
For the past 25 years, we have volunteered with and 
contributed to One80 Place in Charleston, a nonprofit 
organization that works to end homelessness and 
hunger one person at a time. 
20%
56% 
Other 
Donations15% 9%Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
6
“I help good take over by inspiring hope 
through history, community engagement, and 
the invaluable promise of cultural institutions.”
ELIJAH HEYWARD, Chief Operating Officer, International African American Museum
Q: We’re proud to have our CEO, Mike Gianoni, 
sit on your board of directors. What role does he play?
A: Having someone like Mike at the table is invaluable, 
given his business expertise and connections across 
the globe. Our board is made up of members who bring 
together a variety of backgrounds that will allow us to  
live up to the ideal of being a world-class institution.
Q: What’s the significance of support from the business 
community as you move toward groundbreaking? 
A: It is important to have international brands and 
companies, such as Blackbaud, enthusiastically supporting 
our work. It signals to the business community and others 
that this is a project that they should stand behind. It also 
communicates that the International African American 
Museum is not a local institution, but an institution that 
has global influence and appeal. We would not be able 
to move forward without companies like Blackbaud 
supporting our capital campaign. Q: How will technology impact your operations? 
A: It’s important that every element of our institution 
speaks to the future and how we can connect to people—
particularly youth. We want to make people feel that 
they are part of the narrative in ways that are tangible. 
For example, we are creating the pre-eminent Center 
for Family History so that people who are moved by the 
museum experience can find their personal strand of 
history to connect to the larger narrative. Technology 
drives that search for information and connections.
Q: What do you envision for the future of the 
International African American Museum?
A: By telling the story of the journey of hundreds of 
thousands of enslaved West Africans who entered our 
young nation in Charleston, South Carolina, endured 
hardship and cruelty, and then contributed so significantly 
to the greatness of America, we seek to honor the site 
where so many arrived and thousands died. We also want 
to tell stories of important lives overlooked in most history 
books and promote compassion and empathy across all 
races and ethnicities.Community Voice
Our largest single philanthropic contribution supports the 
International African American Museum, a project taking 
shape on the Charleston waterfront. Almost half of all 
enslaved West Africans entered in America through a single 
port: Charleston, South Carolina. The museum breaks ground 
in October on the site of the primary point of arrival.Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
7
“I help good take over by driving philanthropy for a 
university with a history of educating visionary leaders 
who help to improve lives through their tireless service  
to their respective communities and the world.”
REVEREND WHITTAKER V. MIDDLETON, Vice President for Institutional Advancement, Claflin University 
Q: What are your triumphs as a higher education 
institution in 2019?
A: One of our many triumphs has been our ability to 
increase our major gifts. We now have the resources and 
critical data to help us conduct effective communications 
and determine ask amounts for a potential donor. 
Blackbaud’s technology has been a game-changer  
for our fundraising efforts. 
Q: How has your fundraising operation changed  
in the time you’ve worked at Claflin?
A: When I started in 1982, our staff was comprised of an 
administrative assistant and me. There was no strategized 
fundraising to speak of, and our alumni annual giving 
had never surpassed $15,000. My decision to purchase 
Blackbaud’s fundraising technology in 1996 will be part 
of my legacy at Claflin. Before then, everything was done 
manually, and we had dozens of filing cabinets around 
our office that we moved to an upstairs storage area. An architect later instructed us to move the files, because 
they were affecting the building’s foundation. When 
we partnered with Blackbaud, it dramatically improved 
how we managed relationships with our donors and 
conducted our fundraising campaigns. 
Q: What are your future goals, and what role  
will technology play in reaching those goals?
A: We are focusing on another historic fundraising 
campaign. We want to provide scholarships for high-
achieving visionary scholars and build and maintain 
modern, attractive, and functional facilities that will 
enable us to attract and retain these outstanding 
students. We have to meet new enrollment goals each 
year and cultivate a cadre of alumni we can count on as 
donors. The data produced from years of research now 
determine our fundraising goals. Transformative—that’s 
the word we use when we talk about Blackbaud’s  
impact on fundraising at Claflin.Claflin University’s fundraising was transformed by a 
data-driven strategy and careful relationship cultivation 
to exceed its $96.4 million goal and raise $108 million. 
This helped the University achieve the highest annual 
percentage for alumni giving (52%) among all historically 
black colleges and universities.  Community VoiceOur Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
8

We partner with people and organizations across the social 
good community because we know that any individual can 
make an indelible impact—and that a unified team can affect 
groundbreaking change. After all, we’ve seen it firsthand:Our Team
Through the capability of a solution that empowered a 7-year-old British boy to 
raise £145,000 for earthquake relief in Haiti
Through the spirit of community that generated 2.4 million Ice Bucket Challenge  
videos to raise awareness of ALS and critical funding to research new therapies
Through the power of philanthropy that enabled Brown University to end student  
loans, replacing them with scholarships that students do not have to repay
Our humble role in these triumphs gives us a unique perspective and daily motivation.  
Our own efforts can make our customers’ efforts not only more efficient but more impactful.  
It’s more than a bottom line; it’s helping to build a better world. 
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
We take pride in how our team shows 
up to serve our customers—at work 
and in their personal lives. 
Our team participates in our 
matching gift program at 2.2 
times the national median.Nearly 
9 out of 10
of our employees 
say our work in the 
social good space 
played a role in 
their decision to 
join Blackbaud.59%
of our team reports 
volunteering  
more often since  
joining Blackbaud.1 in 4
employees  
serves on a social  
good board  
or committee. 89%
of our employees 
have volunteered 
in the past year.
=
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
10
Our Purpose Our Team
Because we attract people with world-class talent and a deep, personal 
connection to their jobs, we want to ensure that we provide a great work 
environment for them in return. That comes to life in a few key ways:
A diverse team of people…
We recognize that diverse backgrounds, viewpoints, 
and experiences make us a better team. We provide 
cloud software, services, data intelligence, and 
expertise to such a broad range of people and 
organizations that creating a culture of mutual respect 
and inclusion is not only paramount to our operations 
but essential to our success.
Led by coaches, not bosses…
Keeping our employees engaged begins with giving our 
managers tools to inspire and encourage.  ⮞Ongoing unconscious bias workshops
 ⮞Mandatory respect in the workplace  
training for all employees and enhanced  
training for managers
 ⮞Annual Executive Women’s Summit 
 ⮞Senior Women’s Leadership Council ⮞Employee-led business networking groups, 
including veterans, LGBTQ+, women in technology, 
women in sales, African American employees, 
remote employees, and employees interested in 
sustainability 
 ⮞Formalized leadership development program
 ⮞Accelerated development program to empower 
rising leaders through mentorship and 
sponsorship
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
11
Our Purpose Our Team
With defined paths for professional growth…
We subscribe to a total rewards philosophy built on  
the principles of equity and pay for performance.  
We want every employee to know the steps to  
reaching professional goals.
Space for fun along the way…
We take time to celebrate our achievements  
and spend time together as a team.   ⮞Career frameworks for managers  
and individual contributors
 ⮞123 service projects involving  
1,596 volunteers in 2018 alone
 ⮞Presentations by customers at quarterly  
all-hands meetings to keep our  
purpose top of mind
 ⮞Quarterly and annual check-ins to provide  
frequent reflection and discussion
 ⮞Employee breakfasts served by  
Executive Leadership Team 
 ⮞Off the Grid® annual “hackathon” to collaborate  
with customers and drive innovation
 ⮞Volunteer projects built into team retreatsOur Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
12
Our Purpose Our Team
And opportunities for engagement starting on day one…
 ⮞Current team members fill 40% of our  
open jobs through promotion and  
growth opportunities 
 ⮞Quarterly all-hands meetings inform 
employees with reports and updates 
from across the company, plus customer 
speakers to reinforce our purpose
 ⮞Option to earn vacation hours through  
volunteer work
 ⮞Creative events hosted by employee-driven 
culture committees and service teamsAll team members begin their careers at Blackbaud with an 
orientation that we call the Blackbaud Experience, in which 
we provide a comprehensive look at the guiding principles 
behind our organizational structure and the values driving our 
every decision. We end each Blackbaud Experience session 
with a service project, which we envision as the first of many 
throughout a team member’s career at Blackbaud.Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
13
Our Purpose Our Team
“I help good take over by empowering  
our people to be agents of good.”
RACHEL HUTCHISSON  
Vice President of Corporate Citizenship and Philanthropy, Blackbaud (Charleston, SC) 
Q: What do you do on a daily basis? 
A: I work every day to ensure that we are not only 
powering an Ecosystem of Good at Blackbaud, but also 
actively participating in that Ecosystem.
Q: What’s your professional background?
A: I began my career in communications, building  
and leading a number of key functions, including  
market research, public relations, events, and strategic 
brand relationships. It was a privilege to shift from 
marketing to corporate philanthropy, formalizing how  
we invest and creating a connection between what  
we do as people and as a company.
Q: When did Blackbaud formalize its corporate 
citizenship and philanthropy, and how has it evolved? 
When I joined Blackbaud, we were quite small, and 
companies in general weren’t talking a lot about 
philanthropy or CSR. Of course, Blackbaud is a different 
kind of company, because our business focus has 
always been around driving the impact of social good 
organizations. I became Blackbaud’s first corporate philanthropy leader about 12 years ago and have evolved 
the function into a broader CSR approach that now 
includes sustainability. 
Q: How do you measure success in your role?
A: I do admit that having 89% of our people volunteer 
and 22% leverage our matching gift program (more than 
2.2 times the national median) makes me proud. But true 
success is more about employee engagement, so we 
make it a point to celebrate what our people choose to 
do as agents of good.
Q: What excites you most about coming to  
work every day?
A: When my colleagues walk in the door every morning, 
they’ve shown up to do good things in the world, as 
professionals and as people—and they challenge us to 
make sure we are doing our part. I love connecting with 
our people based on what they’re passionate about 
versus “what they do for a living.” We’re all human—and 
together, we can do great things.Rachel bags oyster shells at a South Carolina Department 
of Natural Resources complex while volunteering with 
colleagues in 2018. The Department places mesh bags filled 
with oyster shells on the shore to create a footprint, which 
will become a living oyster reef.
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
14
“I help good take over by taking some of the crazy 
luck I’ve been dealt and sharing it with others who, 
for whatever reason, are in a less fortunate place.”
MEMA NACKASHA, Account Executive, Blackbaud (London, U.K.) 
Q: Where do you volunteer, and what do you do  
in your time there?
A: The Sophie Hayes Foundation—as a lead facilitator, 
I work with a small team to run a program (designed  
by us) to help survivors of human trafficking find their 
independence again through employability. In the first 
couple of weeks we focus on confidence-building, 
and then we start talking about skills and our purpose. 
Next we focus on the future and careers they may be 
interested in, which leads to writing CVs and interview 
practice with our ladies.
On the back end, I organize fundraising strategies and 
events to keep powering the awesome work we’re doing.
Q: How did you get started with The Sophie  
Hayes Foundation?
A: One of my amazing Blackbaud colleagues was 
volunteering there already and told me about the charity. 
I went to my first induction and soon was running the 
inductions and then volunteering as closely with them  
as I do now!  Q: What’s your day job? 
A: I’m an account executive, helping the smallest  
not-for-profits smarten up the way they use their data,  
so they can increase their fundraising revenue and power 
their amazing causes. It all ties in quite beautifully, as my 
experiences with The Sophie Hayes Foundation allow me 
to really understand the issues these small charities face 
day to day.
Q: What does it mean to have your company support 
your volunteer efforts, and how does that support 
shape the way you bring your “whole self” to work?
A: Blackbaud is half the reason I got into volunteering 
in the first place! Along with giving us grants, letting 
us use the office space every week, and doubling our 
fundraising efforts through match giving, Blackbaud 
provides the best colleagues in the world, who are always 
asking about the charity and supporting me in little ways 
that I’m eternally grateful for. It’s not even that I’m just 
allowed to bring my whole self to work; I genuinely feel 
I’m encouraged to do so! Mema Nackasha participates in an icebreaker exercise 
as a facilitator with The Sophie Hayes Foundation. Small 
teams work together to construct the tallest tower and 
then share the strengths they see in each other to help 
build trust and friendship.
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
15
“I help good take over by embodying the  
good I wish to see in the world.”
TIM NEWBORN, Marketing Programs Manager, Customer Advocacy, Blackbaud (Charleston, SC)  
Member of employee-led affinity groups for LGBTQ+ community and veterans 
Q: What's your role at Blackbaud?
A: My role at Blackbaud is a bit of a unicorn. Each day I 
have the privilege of encouraging and highlighting the 
magic of our customers through unique engagement and 
advocacy efforts. Our customers wholeheartedly want to 
do good, and I get to cheer them on along the way. 
Q: What previous experiences do you bring to that role?
A: I come from an impoverished and medically and 
academically underserved rural area in Mississippi, where 
opportunities for personal and professional development 
are scarce. I joined the U.S. Navy at the age of 17 as a 
photojournalist. My service was an invaluable learning 
experience that taught me about the tenacity of the 
human spirit and power of togetherness. 
When I departed the Navy a decorated veteran, I 
attended Savannah College of Art and Design, where I 
could explore my appreciation for everyday beauty in 
the world. I think what makes me an excellent fit for my 
role is that I genuinely care about our customers and my 
colleagues as the individuals they are.Q: Can you share a specific experience that  
highlights the importance of affinity groups to the  
work environment at Blackbaud? 
A: I met with a young Marine while at a recent recruiting 
event at the College of Charleston. He was transitioning 
out of service. As he walked up, it became apparent he 
had a sense of trepidation and uncertainty. I remembered 
that feeling when I went to ask about open positions in 
a similar scenario. The small connection we had put him 
in a place where he could articulate what he was good at 
without worrying about saying something clumsily. We 
even covered a few tips on how to beef up his resume 
and translate what he does into a corporate setting. 
Affinity groups are a positive movement in the dynamic 
of our company culture. They’re important. They’re 
necessary. They’re human. 
Tim serves meals at the Affordable Veterans Housing Projects 
with other members of the Blackbaud Veterans affinity group.Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
16
“I help good take over by delivering  
unwavering support, consultation, and a  
standard of excellence to our customers.”
ODESSA JENKINS, Vice President, Customer Support Services, YourCause (Dallas, Texas)
Q: What do you do day in and day out to serve  
our customers?
A: My core responsibilities are to inspire, manage, 
lead, and optimize our people. Ensuring that the 
team is efficient, happy, and inspired leads to open 
communication and endless effort to drive customer 
satisfaction and retention. Every day I work to develop 
strategies to improve operational efficiencies and  
overall customer relationships. 
Q: How did your career/background lead you to this role?
A: I have been in customer support and managing high-
performance teams my entire career. I started in customer 
support in 2004. I have never turned away an opportunity 
to learn and grow in my specialty. Over the past 15 years, 
I have taken on multiple roles and responsibilities to 
expand my knowledge and challenge myself. 
Q: How do you measure customer happiness?
A: I measure happiness in four ways: communication, 
satisfaction, retention, and reference-ability.Customers who actively communicate give us 
opportunities to keep them satisfied; satisfied  
customers continue to be retained; and the longer we 
retain a customer, the higher the odds are that the 
customer will refer others. Happy customers talk.
Q: Do you have any mantras or words of wisdom that  you 
impart to your team in driving customer satisfaction?
A: Be an owner, and treat others as owners. I believe in 
teaching and training people at every level to have high 
integrity and respect and to take ownership of whatever is 
in front of them. If we behave as owners and treat others 
as owners, those attributes are continuously perpetuated. 
Q: You’re an American Championship football player 
and coach. How does that show up in your work life?
A: I bring my passion for people, competition, teaching, 
winning, and high integrity everywhere I go. Staying 
true to those principles, practices, and beliefs keeps me 
consistent. People respect consistency.Odessa Jenkins is an advocate, influencer, 
and leader in empowering women through 
sports. Her sport of choice is tackle football, 
and she’s the founder of the Women’s 
National Football Conference (WNFC).Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
17
We want the best for our customers, so we 
expect the best from our team. We train and 
plan for worst-case scenarios. We monitor and 
minimize risk. And we foster a culture where 
every employee is respected. Our Governance
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
Cybersecurity
Our customers need and deserve to have the utmost confidence in cybersecurity and data privacy, 
so they can focus on what matters most: their missions. 
In Our Solutions
We build security patterns as an integral part of our engineering process and conduct regular  
third-party assessments across our products to monitor security and compliance.
In Our Team
Blackbaud employees collectively undergo thousands of hours of annual training, plus routine 
phishing attack simulations to ensure that we continually keep security in mind. Our “red team”  
of ethical hackers systematically tests our technology, probing to ensure that there are no 
weaknesses or vulnerabilities. 
In Our Cloud Environment
We provide leading-edge cloud security, partnering with leaders such as Microsoft® and Amazon®.
In Our Operations
We monitor internal infrastructure and customer environments 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We 
are proud early adopters of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity 
Framework and Factor Analysis of Information Risk quantification method. We meet the unique security needs of  
our customers, including:
• Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)
• Payment Application Data Security Standard (PA DSS)
• System and Organization Controls Report 1 (SOC 1)
• System and Organization Controls Report 2 (SOC 2)
• Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
• Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
• General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
• Personal Information Protection and  
Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA)
• EU-US Privacy ShieldOur Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
19
Our Purpose Our Team
Our cybersecurity team reflects 400 years of combined experience, including service in key 
government offices and Fortune 500 companies. The team aims to advance the broader field 
of cybersecurity across our industry and beyond, with initiatives including:
• Robust intern and apprenticeship program 
• Undergraduate and graduate instruction
• K–12 school visits
• Cybersecurity events at Blackbaud
• Participation in industry groups, such as Center for Internet Security, Cloud Security 
Alliance, Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center, and  
Non-Governmental Organizations Information Sharing and Analysis Center 
• Contributions to leading conferences, such as SANS Security Awareness
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
20
Data Privacy
As data privacy standards and legislation evolve, we work hard to stay ahead of trends. 
We track and interpret new and pending legislation to ensure that Blackbaud enables our 
customers to protect their constituents’ privacy and handle data in a responsible, ethical, 
and compliant way. 
As a custodian of that data, we believe that people have the right to know how their 
information is being used. Our transparent privacy notices provide an opportunity for 
people to make informed choices about their data.
In Europe, our data protection officer monitors our compliance with the General Data 
Protection Regulation and responds to individuals’ questions, complaints, and requests 
regarding their data. 
This year we launched the Consumer Privacy Centre of Excellence, a collective of subject 
matter experts from different areas of the company, all trained in privacy and how to assess 
data uses within their respective responsibilities.
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
21
Business Continuity and Product Availability
Our relationship with our customers is never more important or more personal than in times 
of tragedy and disaster. We know that being the best partner also means planning ahead 
for potential impacts to our own operations and ensuring uninterrupted excellent service. 
We maintain formalized policies and procedures through the Blackbaud Business 
Continuity and Disaster Response Program—modeled after the NIST 800-34 contingency 
plan for federal information systems. Even in the event of crisis or disaster, we can ensure 
unwavering partnership for our customers. 
 
Supply Chain Security and Availability
We launched a program in 2018 to monitor and remediate risk to our supply chain. Modeled 
after the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, our program assigns a risk score to all vendors 
relative to their impact on Blackbaud’s business continuity, security, and product availability. 
We reconcile these vendors against reports of vendors associated with public data 
breaches and decide if we need to conduct additional due diligence before contracting 
with anyone. We also subject all vendors to a credit check, an imperative step for those 
vendors critical to our daily operations.  
Ethical Standards
We want to help good take over, and that means we uphold  
the highest governance and ethical standards and pledge to:
 ⮞ Maintain a fair and healthy work environment
 ⮞ Uphold integrity in the workplace and marketplace
 ⮞ Protect Blackbaud’s assets and reputation
Our ethics training requires each employee to read,  
understand, and affirm compliance with our Code of 
Conduct. We also make it easy to anonymously report 
suspected incidents of noncompliance, including an 
independent ethics reporting hotline available to our 
employees 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 
Our general counsel’s office and board of directors ensure 
an efficient and effective ethics complaint, investigation, 
and reporting process. We want every team member to 
feel comfortable reporting concerns, and we do not allow 
retaliation of any kind against an employee who reports 
ethical violations. 
Beyond our Code of Conduct, our CEO and certain other 
executive leaders adhere to a Code of Ethics for CEO and  
senior financial officers, which includes full and fair public 
disclosures, internal controls, conflicts of interest, and  
legal and ethical compliance.Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
22
Our Purpose Our Team
“I help good take over by ensuring that 
customers trust that Blackbaud is the partner 
of choice to keep their data secure.”
RICH FRIEDBERG, Vice President, Cybersecurity, Blackbaud (Charleston, SC)
Q: Please give us an overview of the work your  
team conducts every day at Blackbaud—for  
employees and customers.
A: The cybersecurity team is responsible for setting 
strategic direction and managing the programs to  
protect both Blackbaud and our customers. We have  
built a world-class team that handles all aspects of a 
modern cybersecurity program, including 24-7 monitoring 
of all of our systems, incident response, proactive threat 
intelligence, secure software development practices,  
data protection, cloud security, and ongoing ethical  
hacking against our environment.
Q: How did your career/background lead you to this role? 
A: I have had a passion for security from an early age—
before much of an industry existed. I was fortunate to 
get an early professional start and then attend Carnegie 
Mellon University, arguably the birthplace of cybersecurity. 
From there, I’ve had opportunities to work for some of 
the largest financial institutions in the world, as well as on 
classified national security programs.Our diverse team here at Blackbaud includes veterans from 
all branches of the military, software engineers, network 
engineers, a couple of economic majors—even a music 
major and someone who studied broadcast journalism!
Q: What do you consider a triumph in information security?
A: If you look back across the industry, even just five  
years ago, security teams had to press executive 
leadership on the importance of cybersecurity. That 
dynamic has drastically changed—and rapidly. Today, 
executives are following data breach headlines and  
asking, “How could this impact us?” and “Are we doing 
enough to protect our organization?” 
Q: What innovation has been the most exciting for you 
since joining Blackbaud? 
A: I am incredibly excited about our overall technology 
journey, focused on our use of the cloud and our 
Blackbaud SKY® platform. Security is included by design, 
and security scans and reviews that used to take weeks  
are now automated as part of software development  
and release deployment.Blackbaud’s cybersecurity team volunteers at the Lowcountry 
Food Bank. 
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
23
Within the communities where we operate, most neighbors 
will know us not for our work as a partner to the social 
good community but as a physical building and a group of 
people coming and going from that space. We aspire for our 
brick-and-mortar operations to communicate our brand and 
mission and to reflect the work happening inside. Our World
We do right by the cities where we operate by building and maintaining welcoming offices and,  
more importantly, by keeping our business operations environmentally conscious, community centered, 
and future focused. Soon after opening our new world headquarters in June of 2018, we achieved 
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold status from the U.S. Green Building 
Council, recognizing our sustainable building design. We are currently pursuing WELL Certification from 
the International WELL Building Institute™ to reflect our commitment to health and human experience.
Every year, we strive to do more. Here’s where we are in 2019.
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
Air 
We want the best air quality with  
the least energy consumption. 
We bring in as much outside air as possible to ensure 
that we maintain low carbon dioxide levels. We monitor 
both carbon dioxide and particulate matter, as well as 
temperature and humidity to track HVAC efficiency from 
several locations on every floor. 
We compare our data to the output of our mechanical 
system to ensure the most efficient operations on  
each floor. Our remote monitoring also sounds alarms 
the moment any measure falls outside of normal  
design limits. 
Our commitment to air quality extends to our janitorial and 
pest control practices. Our janitorial team uses efficient 
cleaning equipment that consumes less energy while 
providing a clean, safe workplace. We select our cleaning 
products with our employees’ and cleaning staff’s 
health in mind and maximize sustainable certifications 
and effective green cleaning. Our integrated pest 
management system also uses eco-certified products by 
trained technicians to remediate pests in a safe way while  
promoting conservation of water and natural resources. Light 
We designed our building to deliver 
a precise amount of light.
We use only energy-efficient, dimmable LED fixtures  
and reduced the number of fixtures in the building 
by 30%, when compared with conventional design 
standards, by simply committing to not over-light.  
Our world headquarters has no conventional light 
switches. We instead control our lighting with 
occupancy sensors that deliver light only when a  
zone needs it. 
We also measure the amount of light at each desktop 
and adjust to provide what each group needs. That way, 
we can capitalize on natural light in certain areas of the 
building, even as that light shifts throughout the day.
 Water 
We reduce water usage inside and  
outside our building. 
We use about 20% less water than a typical highest-
class office building. At our world headquarters we use  
low-flow water fixtures on all sinks and toilets, plus we 
have native landscaping that requires less water and 
benefits birds, animals, and pollinators. We soon will 
improve our irrigation and drainage systems at our 
world headquarters and customer operations center to 
to better conserve water and reduce runoff.
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
25
Our Purpose Our Team
Wellness
We provide healthy food and ample exercise 
opportunities within and around our building.
Our cafeteria sources 11% of its produce from local farms; selects 
dairy products free of artificial growth hormones; and pledges 
to serve tuna sourced without fish-aggregating devices. In 
addition to our most popular cafeteria option—the salad bar—
we provide complimentary healthy snacks and beverages, such 
as fruit, sparkling water, and kombucha in our breakrooms. 
We make exercise easy throughout the work day. We offer 
a gym with yoga and barre classes, plus a basketball court, 
bocce court, and putting green. Employees and guests can 
use our bicycles to travel to walking trails or restaurants 
around town at lunch or on breaks. 
Each employee’s workspace includes an ergonomic, 
adjustable standing desk. While our open-floor plan 
encourages collaboration, our office also includes private 
rooms, some available to formally reserve and others open 
for someone who needs a quiet space at a moment’s notice. 
Beyond our breakrooms and family-style tables on each floor, 
we bring our teams together with regular social gatherings, 
such as coffee happy hours with treats provided.
Waste
We aim to divert as much waste as  
possible from the landfill.
Last year, we diverted 16 tons of waste, 156 tons of recycling, 
and 26 tons of compost. We use a single-stream recycling 
system, meaning sorting happens at facilities. Single-stream 
simplifies recycling, which not only encourages more people 
to recycle but reduces the number of trucks on the road. 
We also compost from our kitchen, cafeteria, and employee 
breakrooms. A vendor collects our compost, tracks the 
amount we divert from the landfill, and delivers the material to 
the county compost facility, which then returns the compost 
to the environment for soil remediation. We use compostable 
containers and remain committed to overall plastic reduction. 
We intend to eliminate plastic straws from our world 
headquarters by the end of the third quarter of 2019. 
We minimize food waste in our cafeteria using a tool that 
tracks and measures daily data to help us ensure that we 
prepare just the right amount every time. In addition to 
food waste, we aim to reduce office waste as well. We only 
offer on-demand printing, meaning an employee swipes his 
or her badge to log into our printer and then can accept or 
cancel a print job. The system purges jobs after eight hours 
to prevent unclaimed printouts.
 Energy
We operate with 30% more energy efficiency 
than a typical building of our class, primarily 
thanks to our lighting and HVAC practices.
We use a centralized cooling tower system and advanced 
mechanical controls that allow us to monitor our HVAC 
system performance and fine-tune as needed. Every quarter, 
we analyze trends and operations to ensure peak efficiency.
Our bank of solar panels receives full southern sun 
exposure to offset power usage. Because of solar power, 
we reduce our reliance on the power grid by 12,475 
kilowatt hours every month.
Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
26
Our Purpose Our Team
“I help good take over by creating a safe and healthy 
work environment that enables, inspires, and motivates 
our employees to do their best work for our customers.”
OTTO ORR, Senior Director, Global Real Estate, Blackbaud (Charleston, SC)
Q: What does your job entail?
A: My day might begin with a strategic meeting on our 
global portfolio and then transition to a passionate 
meeting about where to host visitors. It could end with  
an emergency meeting about an alligator that wandered 
from the pond to our front door (which has happened).  
I get to touch every aspect of the company.
Q: What is your view on sustainable design?
A: Costs can be greatly mitigated, if not eliminated, if the 
focus and effort are there from the onset. It is our obligation 
to incorporate sustainable, responsible design practices, 
even if we aren’t awarded a plaque for those efforts.
Q: What’s your professional background before  
joining Blackbaud?
A: My background was predominately as a service  
provider in construction project management—specifically 
in helping companies build out their own headquarters. 
Sometimes companies struggled, because they hadn’t 
formalized their view on their own culture or their 
willingness to build a sustainable workplace. I knew  I wanted to help lead a company down this path.  
That ultimately brought me to Blackbaud.
Q: You led the construction of our new world 
headquarters in Charleston, which opened in 2018.  
What was the most interesting (or surprising)  
takeaway from that initiative?
A: One of the greatest surprises and biggest enjoyments 
for me was just how involved our CEO, Mike Gianoni, was 
in shaping this project. I had the pleasure of meeting with 
Mike every two weeks to walk the site, rain or shine—
and there was a bunch of rain. The design process was 
surprisingly easy, because our leadership was aligned on 
our mission, values, and stance on sustainability. I feel 
deeply connected to this physical building and proud of 
how it represents company culture. 
Q: What is your view on the future of work?
A: Candidates are choosing a job not just for the role but 
for the company and that company’s mission, purpose, and 
culture. In the future, the workplace will be less about the 
physical design and will be more about the experience. 
Blackbaud’s new world headquarters opened in summer of 
2018. The building achieved LEED Gold status with ambitions 
to earn WELL certification. Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
 Our Purpose Our Team
27
About Blackbaud 
Blackbaud (NASDAQ: BLKB) is the world’s leading cloud software company powering social good. Serving 
the entire social good community—nonprofits, foundations, companies, education institutions, healthcare 
organizations, and individual change agents—Blackbaud connects and empowers organizations to increase 
their impact through cloud software, services, expertise, and data intelligence. The Blackbaud portfolio is 
tailored to the unique needs of vertical markets, with solutions for fundraising and relationship management, 
marketing and engagement, financial management, grant and award management, organizational and program 
management, social responsibility, payment services, and analytics. Serving the industry for more than three 
decades, Blackbaud is headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina, and has operations in the United States, 
Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit www.blackbaud.com.
Copyright © 2019 Blackbaud, Inc.
All Rights Reserved. This publication is for informational purposes only. Blackbaud makes no warranties, expressed or implied, in this summary. The information is the 
intellectual property of Blackbaud, Inc. and may not be reproduced without prior written permission. All product names appearing herein are trademarks or registered 
trademarks of Blackbaud, Inc. or their respective owners. Our Governance Our World About Blackbaud 
28
Our Purpose Our Team