CAPRICORN ENERGY PLC 
Sustainability Report 2021
Contents
About This Report  65
Glossar
y
 
67
Overview  3
A Responsible Business  4
2
021 Highlights 
 6
CE
O Letter 
 7
In
dustry Context
 8
Our Response t
o COVID-19
 9People  28
Employees  29
He
alth, Safety and Well-Being
 3
3
Security
 
35
Major Accident Prevention
 3
7
Contractors and Supply Chain 
 40
Society  43
Protecting Human Rights  44
Deliv
ering Social and Economic Benefits
 4
7
Community Engagement
 51
Governance  53
Climate Risk and Energy Transition  54
E
thics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption, 
 5
5 
and Transparency
Economics and Funding
 59
Stak
eholder Engagement
 62
Our Sustainability Strategy  10
Our Strategy  11
F
rameworks and Standards
 12
Me
asuring Our Sustainability Performance
 14
Th
e UN Sustainable Development Goals
 15
P
rioritising Issues  
 17
Environment  18
Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions  19
Biodiv
ersity
 
22
Water, Effluents and Pollution 
 25
P
roduct Stewardship 
 2
72 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Overview
Capricorn Energy PLC is one of Europe’s leading 
independent upstream energy companies, headquartered in Edinburgh, UK. 
Historically, we have discovered, developed 
and produced oil and gas in multiple settings throughout the world. Today, our focus is on growing our current gas and liquids production base through development and exploration,  with an ambition to use our strong balance sheet to expand that production base into other attractive markets and to commercialise exploration resources. 
We adhere to high sustainability standards,  
we invest to ensure our portfolio remains competitive through stringent energy transition scenarios and we are committed to net zero carbon emissions by 2040.3 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 20213 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
A Responsible 
Business
Capricorn has a long history of responsible business 
practice. We continue to understand changing legislation, standards and societal norms, helping us to improve the way we work to protect our legacy and address future challenges. This means environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues have been, and continue to be, at the heart of our business as our portfolio evolves and grows.Our Operations
Capricorn’s role is to produce hydrocarbons responsibly 
for the foreseeable future while playing a meaningful role in energy transition and limiting the rise in global temperatures. We currently hold a balanced portfolio of exploration, development and production assets with interests in six countries – the UK, Mexico, Suriname, Egypt, Mauritania and Israel – but aim to increase our production base in a responsible manner. 
Capricorn has its headquarters in Edinburgh, Scotland, 
supported by operational offices in London, Mexico, Egypt and Mauritania.
 See our Annual Report and Accounts and our website   
for more information. 
Major Changes in Our Portfolio
Egypt
Alongside our consortium partner Cheiron Petroleum 
Corporation, we have acquired a portfolio of onshore oil  and gas production, development and exploration interests from Shell in the Western Desert, Egypt. Capricorn Egypt, a wholly owned subsidiary, acquired 50% of the assets in September 2021. 
This addition to our portfolio is an important step in 
expanding and diversifying our production base. It adds significant gas production volume and provides attractive potential for development and exploration of both oil and gas. Our entry into Egypt provides access to a prolific hydrocarbon basin with low production costs.
While these assets are operated to high standards, we 
have identified opportunities to improve performance in environmental protection, water management and energy transition, and are working alongside our partners to implement them. UK
In March 2021, we entered into an agreement to sell 
our interests in the Catcher and Kraken fields in the UK North Sea to Waldorf Production Limited. The transaction completed in November 2021. With the fields entering natural decline, divesting at this time has enabled us to focus on accessing opportunities that match our production growth aspirations.
In addition, Capricorn is now the operator of five licences in 
the UK Southern North Sea, following completion of a farm-out agreement with Deltic Energy PLC. Initial 3D seismic data work has already commenced.
Mexico
We completed a 2020 drilling programme in Mexico in 
Q1 with an oil discovery on the non-operated Saasken-1 exploration well in Block 10. 
Drilling of a second exploration well by the operator Eni 
concluded in July 2021. Oil was found at the Sayulita prospect in Block 10, close to the 2020 Saasken oil discovery. 
Mauritania 
We signed a Production Sharing Contract (PSC) in May 2021 
with the Government of Mauritania for the offshore Block C7. The initial activity focus comprises an Environmental Baseline Survey (EBS) and a geophysical and geotechnical site survey, which will inform future exploration decisions.Exploration
We hold exploration acreage in the UK North 
Sea, onshore Egypt, and offshore Suriname, Mexico, Mauritania and Israel. 
Development
Over the next four years, we aim to grow 
production in Egypt, extending field life and increasing recovery rates.
Production
With our partner Cheiron, we acquired 
production interests in onshore Egypt’s Western Desert in September 2021.
4 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Our Sustainability Report
About This Report
This document comprises Capricorn Energy’s full 
Sustainability Report 2021. It covers our sustainability strategy and performance from 1 January to 31 December 2021, across all assets and activities, but with a focus on those over which we have operational control.  
For the first time, we have included equity Scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and energy use in our 2021 reporting, accepting the limitations associated with access and verification. We are implementing a two-year improvement programme to improve the quality of this data as we look to use 2022 as a baseline year on our journey to net zero. 
 See About This Repor t (page 65) for more information about  
scope and boundaries.
Content Structure 
Based on our material issues, the content in this report is considered under four main themes: Environment (page 18), People (page 28), Society (page 43) and Governance  
(page 53). We also outline our overall approach under  Our Sustainability Strategy (page 10).  
 See P rioritising Issues (page 17) for details of our  
materiality process.
Third-Party Assurance
We have commissioned Deloitte to provide independent third-party assurance of our operated GHG emissions data, and have commissioned a study on next steps to be able to assure a wider set of data, including equity GHGs.  
 A limit ed Assurance Statement is available online.Our Corporate Responsibility 
Management System (CRMS)
Our evolving company strategy, with an increased focus 
on sustainability, has prompted several activities that have led us to update the Group CRMS. A number of internal assessments were initiated in 2021 as part of our annual CRMS management review, as we prepare the ground for improvement in 2022.
The reviews undertaken included:  
 ‒a high-le
vel review of the CRMS; 
 ‒a c
omparative review of peer company approaches to 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) reporting; 
 ‒a w
orkshop to examine key elements for future reporting 
and resourcing; 
 ‒an a
greement for a carbon removal hierarchy; and 
 ‒an e
xamination of investor and analyst questionnaires to 
understand rating methods and, where possible, identify ways to improve our position and responses. 
An external audit conducted in August 2021 examined the CRMS’s application in well planning for the UK and Mauritania, and assurance of our non-operated wells  in Mexico. 
An internal audit by EY, to assess the transition from 
corporate responsibility reporting to sustainability reporting, was also completed in October 2021.  
A Responsible Business5 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Financial and Operational
Net working interest 
oil and gas production averaged (boepd¹): 
~36,500
 Egypt oil and gas sales revenue: 
US$56m' Capital expenditure:
US$66m 
Year-end Group  cash reserves:
US$314m Environment 
Emissions:
1,469 tCO2e 
Total operated Scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon emissions  
146,686 tCO2e 
Total equity Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions   
Energy:
14,298 GJ 
Total operated energy 
consumption Waste:
39 tonnes  
Total operated hazardous and non-hazardous waste
Water:
1,132m3  
Total operated water 
consumption, including fresh and seawater
Spills:
Zero 
Spills of oil or chemicals 
to the environment from operated activities
People
Health and safety:
Zero  
Lost Time Incidents and Recordable Incidents across the Group  Training:
31 hours  
Training per employee Diversity and inclusion:We established our D&I strategy and developed tools and methods to embed D&I in the way we work.
Engagement: 
In December 2021, our final monthly pulse survey of the year recorded an employee engagement score of 8.3 out of 10, 0.7 above the industry benchmark. 2021  
Highlights
Social
Human rights:
94%  
Personnel completed refresher training in human rights and modern slavery Social and economic benefits:  
US$0.6m  
Group social investment Governance
Policies:Updated the company Environment policy to encompass climate change. 
Energy transition: 
Strengthened our Climate and Energy Transition roadmap, committing to net zero by 2040 or earlier.Frameworks and standards:We maintained a B- rating for our annual carbon disclosure submission to the CDP, and scored a B- on our first full CDP Water Security questionnaire.
1 Egypt production from completion of acquisition to 31 December 2021 Re ad more about our Financial performance in our  
Annual Report and Accounts.
 Re ad more about our People performance on pages 28–42.  Re ad more about our Social performance on pages 43–52. Re ad more about our Environmental performance  
 
on pages 18–27.
 Re ad more about our Governance arrangements on pages 53– 64.Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 6  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
CEO 
LetterAmid the challenges posed by the ongoing pandemic, we 
have made significant progress in creating sustainable value for our shareholders. While we recognise the continued importance of hydrocarbons as a source of energy for the foreseeable future, we are also evolving our operations to support the role we want to play in the transition to lower-carbon energy. We have set our accelerated commitment to produce net zero emissions by 2040 at the latest, 10 years ahead of the globally accepted deadline. 
Net zero is critical to Capricorn’s business strategy, but it is 
just one aspect of the increasing focus we are placing on sustainability issues. In 2021, we developed our strategic ambition for diversity and inclusion to nurture an inclusive and sustainable culture. We also focused on strengthening the governance structures that keep us accountable, transparent and responsible. Importantly, as a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), we uphold our commitment to align with universally accepted principles in human rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption. 
Throughout the year, we continued to identify ways we 
can invest in our people and local communities for social impact while protecting human rights, revising the criteria for selecting and assessing the success of social investment projects. In reframing this report as a sustainability report, we are highlighting our holistic sustainability approach and our desire to deepen positive impacts and reduce negative impacts, both now and over the long term. 2021 has been another year of uncertainty and challenge for people, society and business. At Capricorn, we have worked hard to actively manage our portfolio without ever losing sight of the need to continually realise value for our shareholders, people and communities. Our commitment to sustainability, our net zero ambition and our expanded focus on production will enable a strong, stable and long-term future for our business as we continue to take steps to reduce the impact of our operations, and deliver wider social and economic benefits from our activities.  
Simon Thomson
Chief Executive OfficerOperating against the ongoing backdrop 
of COVID-19, Capricorn continued to deliver effectively on its strategy in 2021 while prioritising the safety and health  of our people, contractors and partners.  I would like to take this moment to  thank everyone for their constant effort and commitment. Overview Governance Society People Environment Our Strategy 7  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
2   Ber nstein Energy: When will we see a supply response?  
An outlook for medium term oil prices; 2 December 2021
3  
 Bloomber
g; consensus price forecasts
4  
 W
ood Mackenzie; Macro Oils long-term 2021 to 2050
5  
 J
.P. Morgan, The J.P. Morgan Global Energy Outlook; 9 December 2021
6
 Ry
stad Energy; Net Zero by 2050, what will it take?
7
 O
xford Energy Institute: https://www.oxfordenergy.org/wpcms/wp-content/
uploads/2021/07/Energy-Transition-Modelling-the-Impact-on-Natural-Gas-
NG-169.pdf
8
 Bloomber
g New Energy Finance; Climatescope; 14 December 2021Industry Context
2021 saw a major international focus on climate 
change, carbon emissions and energy transition at COP26 in Glasgow in November. While international commitments still fall short of those deemed by scientific consensus to be required to limit global warming to 1.5°C compared to pre-industrial levels, the conference delivered several important policy developments, which are likely to have significant implications for the energy industry. Methane pledges, a ramp-up in national defined 
contributions and a further push to remove fossil fuel subsidies will all have a strong impact on oil and gas companies’ strategies. Furthermore, investor momentum  for energy transition will be bolstered by the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ) commitment to invest more than US$130 trillion of private capital to support the transformation of the global economy for net zero.
Capricorn’s commitments to deliver net zero by 2040 at 
the latest and to eliminate flaring by 2030 are well aligned with the targets and ambitions embedded in the COP26 pledges. Our portfolio is resilient and will continue to generate shareholder value even in the IEA’s Net Zero 1.5°C scenario. We trust that our investments will generate returns exceeding a 10% internal rate of return (IRR) using commodity and carbon price assumptions below those associated with IEA’s Net Zero scenario, as described in our TCFD reporting.
The path to a reliable and affordable decarbonised energy 
system is likely to be far more complex than many simple current analyses imply, with significant geopolitical and socio-economic implications. Capricorn makes its investment decisions mindful of the long-term megatrends, but we are also conscious that for many nations, energy security is of paramount concern and that reliable energy provision is a prerequisite to the economic development necessary for decarbonisation.
The thesis that recent upstream capacity underinvestment 
will limit supply, which we described in our 2020 overview, has proved valid and has dominated hydrocarbon commodity prices throughout 2021.
The combination of industry players making amends for 
earlier procyclical misallocation of capital and the reduction of equity capital supply to the upstream industry has seen non-Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) supply failing to meet recovering demand levels. Pricing behaviour should elicit an oil and gas supply-side response; however, thus far there is little evidence for this. Some forecasters are aligning around a view that the market clearing oil price to provide meaningful new non-OPEC supply will be closer to US$80/bbl than to US$60/bbl and that the underinvestment thesis is now set to dominate the mid-part of the decade
2,3,4. Certain forecasters also question 
OPEC’s ability to respond, citing several members’ failure to meet current quotas as evidence for mid-term oil prices rising above US$100/bbl
5. These price forecasts, coupled with 
record coal pricing seen in 2021, demonstrate the scale of the challenge to decarbonise and the time required to develop viable alternatives. 
As well as the requirement to scale up capture of 
renewable energy sources, we believe that the debate is maturing around the role of the responsible production of hydrocarbons. Investors and stakeholders increasingly recognise that the transition will require hydrocarbon-derived energy and capital, and thus recognise the critical role of responsible operators in ensuring that these resources are produced as efficiently as possible. Rystad recently claimed that 10 mmbpd production by 2030 will be required from new field sanctions within a net zero 2050 scenario
6. The Oxford Energy Institute’s favoured 1.5°C 
scenario sees a huge ramp-up in renewable capacity, but also a significant expansion in global gas supply, particularly in markets like Asia which currently rely on coal for 50%  of power provision
7.
As outlined elsewhere in this report, Capricorn is taking steps to increase energy production from our upstream operations in Egypt but, at the same time, reduce the associated emissions both on an absolute and an emissions intensity basis. Investigations are also ongoing to use renewable power sources for both upstream operations and for provision of energy to local markets. We see numerous other opportunities to acquire high-quality upstream assets from legacy operators, where there are opportunities to create material stakeholder value, while preferentially producing lower-emission resources, electrifying upstream operations, and capturing and sequestering emissions.Delivering safe and reliable operations in non-Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)jurisdictions will be a critical enabler to the development of future renewable energy sources. At present, the cost of capital for energy investments in many emerging economies limits the large-scale development of renewable resources. Indeed, the majority of 2020 global renewable energy investment was targeted at OECD economies
8, yet 
to achieve a decarbonised energy system in line with a 1.5°C global warming scenario, rapid growth in renewable capacity in emerging economies will be critical. Responsible operators that can deliver reliable returns from non-OECD upstream energy investments will be key enablers to reducing the effective cost of capital for non-OECD renewable investments. Working with lenders, initiatives such as GFANZ or leveraging OECD sovereign balance sheets to underpin non-OECD Power Purchase Agreements, companies with the licence to operate responsibly will be a critical component of delivering climate ambitions.
The industry context for Capricorn has rarely been so 
exciting. We are faced with an array of attractive investment opportunities in responsible upstream energy and in emerging new energies. At the same time, we see large numbers of asset divestments and relatively few companies able and willing to deliver the challenges of energy security and decarbonisation.8 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Our Response  
to COVID-19
With the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the safety 
and well-being of our people across all locations remain a key business priority. During 2021, we saw restrictions starting to ease across our business locations, albeit at different rates. We maintained our cautious approach, but at the end of the year, we started to reopen our offices more widely while maintaining COVID-19-safe restrictions and closely monitoring national guidelines for compliance. As restrictions eased, an ability to travel made it easier to interact face to face with key stakeholders.Pandemic Management
Our ongoing management of the pandemic ranged from 
the heavy restrictions experienced at the beginning of the year through to substantial easing in late Q3, in line with government regulations and our own pandemic guidance. This transition from the alert phase of the pandemic to more recovery-focused management was overseen by our Return to Office (RtO) Steering Committee. The Committee ensured risks were understood and managed, and that our people were kept informed through effective communication, despite office closures and travel restrictions.  
The protection of our staff and contractors working with 
us in Mexico, Egypt and Mauritania was also a priority as the year progressed. By the end of the year, our Mexico office was still closed, in line with official guidance and the continued prevalence of cases there. 
We remain vigilant in respect of the progress of the disease, 
its variants and any potential reintroduction of restrictions across our business locations, which were required in December 2021.
Employee Engagement
Given the number of people working remotely, employee engagement has remained particularly important for communicating progress and restrictions as well as supporting health and well-being. 
Updates from the RtO Steering Committee on risks, office-
related issues and critical business travel restrictions included videos and documentation circulated via internal social media and posted on our intranet. Regular health and well-being activities continued from both a physical and mental health perspective, and our employee satisfaction pulse surveys remained an essential tool for engaging with our people. Safe Return to Work
In September 2021, employees began returning to our  UK offices. Protocols regarding social distancing and  deep cleaning were reviewed and updated as necessary, along with contingency arrangements in the event of positive cases. 
A consultation exercise, completed before the return, 
included a working group and four staff focus groups and looked at offering greater flexibility to work from home – consistent with the Scottish Government’s advice in this area. Following agreement by the Board, we began  trialling more flexible working patterns over an initial  six-month period. 
Restrictions in the Mexico office were retained for longer, 
due to the local progress of the disease.9 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Our 
Sustainability Strategy
Our overarching strategy is to deliver value for 
stakeholders from our primary business: the production of energy through the oil and gas life cycle. We believe we have a role to play in meeting global energy demand and the expectations of society, while achieving net zero emissions by 2040 or earlier and making meaningful contributions to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).10 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
 ‒W e take a precautionary 
approach to our effect on  
the environment.
 ‒W
e strive to prevent and 
minimise our impact on the environment, including no net impact on biodiversity.
 ‒W
e will implement our pathway 
to net zero carbon emissions and report on our progress. ‒W e develop the potential of  
our people.
 ‒W
e provide a workplace that 
respects personal dignity and rights, is non-discriminatory and provides fair rewards.
 ‒W
e provide a healthy, safe and 
secure work environment. ‒W e seek to make a positive 
social impact in every area where we operate by working ethically and with integrity.
 ‒W
e respect and promote the 
human rights of individuals, communities and indigenous peoples. 
 ‒W
e acknowledge the  
aspirations and concerns of  the communities in which we work and will respond to and address grievances fairly.Our Strategy
Capricorn’s role is to produce hydrocarbons 
responsibly for the foreseeable future while playing a meaningful role in energy transition and limiting the rise in global temperatures. We continually explore opportunities – increasingly through production – that offer a relatively rapid return on investment, increase portfolio resilience and reduce operational emissions.
Our Board and Executive Committee (ExCo) examined 
our business model in the context of energy transition and the UK’s commitment to reach net zero to ensure our business proposition is attractive, sustainable and resilient. Targeting responsible hydrocarbon projects that contribute to multiple UN SDGs will ensure we manage climate-related resilience while creating value for shareholders and stakeholders. 
An Increased Focus on Production
With the recent acquisition of onshore assets in Egypt, we have taken the first step towards our goal of diversifying and prolonging our production base. The assets provide short cycle development and significant exploration potential and, as well as oil, add significant gas production volume to our portfolio. The production base provides the sustainable cash flow to fund further production growth and scale, in addition to advantaged resource-exploration activities. We are pursuing a robust strategy to decarbonise our Egyptian assets over time as part of our Climate and Energy Transition strategy (page 54) and net  zero targets.  
Working Responsibly 
Our commitment to working responsibly is an integral part of how Capricorn works. Our principles and values are embedded in our management systems, Code of Ethics (page 56) and High Performing Behaviours (page 13).  The UN SDGs (page 15) present a framework against which to measure efforts to manage our impacts and benefit society, and are now core to our business and decision-making processes. 
An Integrated Approach to Sustainability
Decarbonising our business to reach net zero emissions by 2040 at the latest is a key focus, and one we are embedding in the way we work. But this is only one part of our integrated sustainability approach. We are also prioritising the health, safety, security and well-being of our people, contractors and partners, and we have developed a new diversity and inclusion (D&I) strategy. Having reviewed and revised the criteria for selecting and assessing the success of social investment projects, we are also positioned to create even greater positive and sustainable impact in the communities where we operate. 
Towards Net Zero 
In 2021, we reshaped and enhanced our Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) and Sustainability Teams to enable us to meet future sustainability challenges. Key to this was the appointment of an Energy Transition Director to lead on our net zero commitment. 
Recognising that reaching net zero will require a combination 
of options, we have adopted a hierarchy of actions in this area. Our highest priority has been the avoidance and reduction of emissions through improved technology and operations, followed by sequestration such as carbon capture, and  finally offsetting. We are actively exploring clean  energy technologies as part of our transition work. 
We also engage in initiatives that support our efforts, 
including participating in global programmes like the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative and reporting against the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). For TCFD, we are performing resilience modelling to understand the impact energy transition could have on our assets under different scenarios. Our scenario modelling, based on what we’re doing today, applies the International Energy Agency’s (IEA) Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS) for limiting temperature rises to 1.7°C and its Net Zero Emission scenario of 1.5°C.Our Business Principles
Our Business Principles outline how we work, manage risks, and behave ethically and responsibly to people, society and the environment. They are integrated into our systems and processes, including our Corporate Responsibility Management System (CRMS), Capricorn Operating Standards (COS), Group Risk Management System and People Management Manual.
Behaving 
Responsibly to PeopleBehaving Responsibly Towards the EnvironmentBehaving Responsibly  to SocietyResponsible Governance
We manage risk and seek to continually improve.
We behave honestly, fairly, with integrity and in a sustainable manner.
 Re ad our TCFD response on page 54. 11
 C
apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Frameworks  
and Standards
We commit to complying with the regulations 
set by the authorities in the countries where we operate, and continue to seek meaningful contributions to the UN SDGs. Our culture of working responsibly is reinforced by global management frameworks and standards that promote good working practices and responsible corporate behaviour, as outlined on this page.   Environment
 ‒Our CRMS is align ed with the international  
environmental management systems standard  
ISO 14001 and verified against OSPAR1 2003/5, the 
management system requirement issued under the Convention for the Protection of the Marine  Environment of the North-East Atlantic. 
 ‒W
e do not operate in UN World Heritage Sites or 
International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)  Ia (Strict Nature Reserve) and Ib (Wilderness Area) category locations.
 ‒W
e maintained a B- rating for our annual carbon 
disclosure submission to the CDP, and scored a B-  on our first full CDP Water Security questionnaire.People
 ‒Our CRMS is align ed with ISO 45001:2018, the 
international standard for occupational health and safety management systems.
 ‒W
e operate in accordance with the UK Modern Slavery 
Act and in line with international labour standards – see 
our Modern Slavery Statement.
Society
 ‒W e support the principles contained within the Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) and meet the requirements of the Voluntary Principles on Security  and Human Rights (VPSHR).
 ‒Our CRMS is align
ed with ISO 26000 guidance on 
operating in a socially responsible way.
 ‒Th
e UN SDGs (page 15) guide us in minimising our 
negative impacts and maximising the social, economic and environmental benefits of our activities.
1 Oslo/P aris Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the North-East Atlantic.
2
 Or
ganisations can report in accordance with the GRI Standards at one of two levels (Core or Comprehensive), depending on the degree to which the Standards have been 
applied. The Standards were updated in 2021 for adoption by companies by January 2023. From FY22, Capricorn will adopt these new requirements and transition to fully reporting against them by 2023.
3
 Th
e IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, is the largest global development institution focused exclusively on the private sector in developing countries.
4
 IOGP
/IPIECA, 2014: Operating Management System Framework for controlling risk and delivering high performance in the oil and gas industry, IOGP Report 510.Governance
 ‒W e use the latest guidance from the Financial Reporting 
Council (FRC) and the International Petroleum Industry 
Environmental Conservation Association (IPIECA) to inform our stakeholder engagement (page 62) and materiality (page 17) processes.
 ‒W
e assess our reporting of climate-related risks and 
opportunities against the TCFD recommendations  (page 54). 
 ‒W
e report our sustainability information in accordance 
with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards  (Core option)
2 – see our GRI Content Index.
 ‒Our r
eporting is aligned with the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Oil & Gas – Exploration & Production Standard and ISAE 3000/3410.
 ‒W
e are a member of the Extractive Industries 
Transparency Initiative (EITI), a coalition that promotes payment transparency in the oil, gas and mining sector.
 ‒W
e work to the International Finance Corporation  
(IFC)3 Performance Standards on Environmental and 
Social Sustainability.
 ‒W
e align our CRMS with international best practice, 
including the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP) standards and guidance. Our CRMS is based on the IOGP/IPIECA Operating Management System Framework
4.
 ‒A
s a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact 
(UNGC), we have integrated universally accepted principles on human rights, labour, the environment  and anti-corruption into our policies and Code of Ethics – see our UNGC Index.12 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Frameworks and StandardsOur Values: The 3Rs 
Delivering value in a safe, secure, 
environmentally and socially responsible manner for our stakeholders is a key part of our strategy and ensures we maintain our licence to operate. Our long-standing values, known as the ‘3Rs’, form the centre of our culture.
Building Respect
We act with respect for people, communities with whom we interact, the environment, human rights and the law. 
Nurturing Relationships
We act honestly, transparently and with integrity to develop strong and lasting relationships with our stakeholders. 
Acting Responsibly
We behave fairly and ethically, and are accountable for our actions. 
We believe in, and act on, our responsibility to 
care for people, society and the environment.High Performing Behaviours 
The behaviours that define how we work every day are  based on the 3Rs. These High Performing Behaviours  are communicated across the organisation and embedded in our culture through annual performance reviews and objective setting, so that everyone can contribute to  our success. 
 ‒Be saf
e.
 ‒Be entr
epreneurial. 
 ‒Be f
ocused. 
 ‒Be a le
ader.
 ‒Be c
ollaborative. 
 ‒Be open.
 ‒Be empo
wered. 
Energy Transition and Net Zero 
Commitment 
Climate change and energy transition is considered both 
a principal risk and an opportunity to our business. We continue to consider the specific challenges, risks and opportunities it represents to improve our understanding and response. We have revised and improved our Climate and Energy Transition strategy, and have set a clear  roadmap for achieving our net zero commitment by 2040  or earlier. This will assist in future-proofing our business while maintaining a strong business proposition. 
 See th e Climate Risk and Energy Transition section (page 54)  
for more information.
13 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Measuring Our 
Sustainability Performance
Our strategic business objectives and key 
performance indicators (KPIs) set our business direction for any given year against the bigger picture of our long-term Group strategy. These are approved by the Board and used to develop specific Sustainability Objectives, based on our material issues and business priorities.
 Sustainability Objectives and  
Key Performance Indicators 
Our Sustainability Objectives and associated targets are 
integral to our annual Group KPIs, which are cascaded through the business and to individuals for action and performance tracking. Summaries of progress against our 2021 Sustainability Objectives, as well as brief details of  our new 2022 Sustainability Objectives, can be found throughout this report.  
 F or information about how sustainability is linked to executive  
pay, see the Directors’ Remuneration Report in our Annual Report 
and Accounts.
Our Sustainability Objectives are collectively regarded as 
‘maintaining our licence to operate’. Through them, we are able to assess our ability to deliver social, environmental and economic benefits in a safe, secure and responsible way. 
We have maintained this focus for many years but in 2021, 
we strengthened our efforts to improve transparency through the monitoring of sustainability performance and our contributions to the UN SDGs (page 15).
Understanding Our Key Risks
To work responsibly, we need to identify and manage the most significant risks and opportunities our business faces. By continuing to identify, review, understand and mitigate these risks, we provide greater protection to our people, society, the environment and our assets.
We regularly review how our most significant risks are 
managed and record them in a risk register. We have  also developed an environmental, social and governance (ESG) risk register, which was informed by input from participants at a workshop in October 2021. The risk register and stakeholder feedback are the two primary sources  of information we use when prioritising material issues  (see page 17). During the year, we continued to monitor our overall exposure to risk. Project risks are reviewed monthly and at specific points in the Project Delivery Process, while operational and corporate risks are assessed at least quarterly by a team that includes a member of the  ExCo. Although our operational activities were limited in 2021, we continued to manage risks associated with such issues as COVID-19; climate change and energy transition; surveys in the UK, Mexico and Mauritania; Egypt operations and country set-up; business continuity; and potential  new ventures.
Sustainability Roadmaps
Sustainability roadmaps enable us to benchmark our performance in relation to changes in stakeholder expectations and industry standards, requirements and practices. They also help us to determine priorities for managing risks, and support the development of our Sustainability Objectives, in relation to our material issues and our standards. These roadmaps are updated annually, informed by peer reviews, industry standards and guidelines, and input from stakeholder engagement. 
Aligned with our annual materiality exercise and 
commitment to contribute to the UN SDGs, these roadmaps help us to manage risks over the short (2022–25), medium (2026–30) and long term (2030–50). We use a scale ranging from a basic (compliance) level, through an expected (good practice) level, to a desirable level of best practice. 
In August 2021, we again updated the roadmap to better 
align with our Business Principles, the four areas of our sustainability strategy (Environment, People, Society and Governance) and the UN SDGs.  14 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
The UN Sustainable 
Development Goals
We consider how our activities contribute to the 
United Nations’ 17 SDGs, a framework for the business community to assess the impact and increase the value of its activities.
Many of our activities contribute positively towards the 
SDGs. These include providing energy to meet demand and supporting communities through targeted social investments. We also look to minimise or mitigate any potentially negative impacts on both society and the environment, such as driving down the emissions intensity of our operations and conducting robust Environmental and Social Impact Assessments (ESIAs). 
Aligning our efforts with the SDGs helps to inform the 
development of Impact Benefit Plans (page 47), which we now draft for each major project. These plans evolve over time as we evaluate the net value our activities bring.
Our contributions to the SDGs that are applicable to  
our business in 2021 are summarised here and on the  following page.Minimise Negative Impacts SDG Maximise Positive Impacts
 ‒C ontinued to make contractual payments to host governments throughout our 
operations (page 58).
 ‒Donat
ed to UK charity Rowan Alba to help alleviate homelessness in Scotland.
 ‒Enhan
ced employee travel health and security risk management in general, and in 
support of new business locations (page 36).
 ‒C
ontinued to apply our CRMS to protect the health and safety of workers, including 
major accident hazard assessments in planned projects (page 33).
 ‒Minimised th
e impact of COVID-19 on our people by maintaining working from home 
until restrictions eased, enabling a safe return to the office (page 9).
 ‒Restr
icted travel to business-critical visits, complying with all international travel 
restrictions (page 34). ‒ C ontinued to offer employee health benefits across the organisation (page 34).
 ‒C
ontinued to provide support for mental health and well-being (page 34).
 ‒De
veloped and delivered health and well-being initiatives against the backdrop of 
COVID-19 (pages 9 and 34).
 ‒ Ga
ve financial support for national COVID-19 response in Mexico (page 64).
 ‒D
onated to UK charities, including the Alzheimer’s Society, Lothian Autistic Society, 
Scottish Huntington’s Association and Anthony Nolan, to support health and well-being, 
and to the Polar Academy and Edinburgh Young Carers to support young people.
 ‒Donat ed to UK charities Winning Scotland Foundation (page 49) and IntoUniversity to 
support young people through education.
 ‒Deliv
ered a technology training programme on petroleum systems in partnership with  
a Mexican university (page 49).
 ‒C
ontinued to monitor gender equality among staff and contractors across the 
Capricorn Group (pages 30–31). ‒Maintain ed a robust D&I policy and practices (page 30).
 ‒De
veloped and launched a new D&I strategy (page 30).
 ‒ Intr
oduced a policy to promote the efficient use of energy (page 19).
 ‒ Influen
ced partners to reduce the carbon intensity of projects (page 54).
 ‒ Intr
oduced the need for contractors to declare energy efficiency as part of tender 
evaluations (page 41). ‒ Set out a c lear roadmap to reduce equity emissions by 2030 by stopping flaring, shifting 
from diesel to gas for power generation, and evaluating carbon capture, utilisation and storage opportunities in Egypt (pages 19–20).
 ‒C
ontributed to energy security for host nations (page 50). 
 ‒Hir
ed an Energy Transition Director and an adviser to spearhead our energy transition 
and engage in dialogue to support net zero in our operations (page 54). 
 ‒Gath
ered and reported equity GHG emissions and intensity (page 20).
 ‒P
rovided funding to Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh to support clean energy 
research (page 47).
 ‒C ontinued to implement policies for local procurement and supplier development 
(page 50).
 ‒ P
rovided funding for IT equipment and office supplies to a community hub in Suriname 
(page 48).
 ‒Maintain ed a robust D&I policy and practices (page 30).
 ‒De
veloped and launched a new D&I strategy (page 30).
 ‒C
ontinued to support the EITI in promoting transparent payments to governments and 
fair distribution of benefits in host nations (page 58).15
 C
apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
The UN Sustainable Development GoalsMinimise Negative Impacts SDG Maximise Positive Impacts
 ‒C ontinued to apply robust waste and chemical management plans throughout our 
operations (page 26). ‒P romoted human rights, environmental and safety standards through contracts and 
audits (page 41).
 ‒Ann
ounced carbon emission reduction targets to achieve net zero by no later than 
2040, committing to a 25% reduction by 2030 from our Scope 1 and 2 equity emissions 
(page 19).
 ‒ Ben
chmarked the energy efficiency of projects and developed mechanisms for 
improving and promoting energy efficiency in operated projects (page 20).
 ‒De
veloped carbon intensity methodologies to support our commitment to reducing 
emissions (pages 19–20).
 ‒En
dorsed the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative and committed to 
avoiding associated emissions in our operated and non-operated projects (page 20).
 ‒ C
ontinued to challenge partners to reduce emissions, avoid flaring and assess 
opportunities to reduce fuel use (page 41).
 ‒Int
egrated carbon pricing into the resilience assessment of assets across our portfolio 
(page 54). ‒C ontributed to climate change adaptation through social investment projects, such as a 
mangrove rehabilitation project in Suriname (page 48).
 ‒A
ctively involved in voluntary carbon markets.
 ‒C
onducted Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs) and environmental 
management measures in line with our CRMS and Corporate Environmental and Climate Change Policy (pages 21 and 26).
 ‒Implem
ented robust programmes for accident prevention, preparedness and 
response (pages 37–39). ‒Suppor ted protection of endangered sea turtles in Mexico (page 24).
 ‒C
ontributed to coastal ecosystem protection through social investment projects, such 
as a mangrove rehabilitation project in Suriname (page 48).
 ‒Str
engthened biodiversity protection in the Corporate Environmental and Climate 
Change Policy, including avoidance of IUCN Ia and Ib category areas, striving for no net loss to biodiversity (page 22).
 ‒Impr
oved biodiversity risk screening of potential new opportunities with data and 
tools through the Proteus Partnership (page 23).
 ‒C
ommissioned EIAs for the operated exploration concessions in the Egypt Western 
Desert, in preparation for seismic activity in early 2022 (page 21). ‒W orked in close coordination with our operating partners on agreed environmental 
improvements in the Egypt Western Desert non-operated fields (page 21).
 ‒A
ctively contributed to industry groups, such as the Proteus Partnership, and other 
companies and biodiversity experts (page 23).
 ‒C
ontinued to adhere to our robust policies to ensure human rights and modern 
slavery violations do not occur in our supply chain (pages 42, 44 and 46).
 ‒Maintain
ed robust anti-bribery and corruption (ABC) management policies and 
procedures (page 56).
 ‒Held human r
ights awareness training (page 44).
 ‒E
stablished grievance mechanism to support activity in Mauritania (page 52). ‒Un dertook EITI reporting in participating countries (page 58).
 ‒C ontinued to support the UNGC and the EITI (page 12).
 ‒Suppor
ted the development, dissemination and analysis of global data on protected 
areas, threatened species, and critical marine and coastal ecosystems through our membership of the Proteus Partnership (page 23).
16 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Prioritising Issues
To manage risk effectively and maintain the support 
of our stakeholders, we need to understand the issues that matter to them, as well as those of most significance to our own operations. We do this by conducting an annual assessment of sustainability-related issues, which also identifies the priority  topics to be covered in our reporting. 
How We Assess Material Issues
Our assessment considers relevant issues, determined from 
international reporting requirements including IPIECA5, GRI6, 
SASB7 and TCFD8 (see page 12), and compares our approach 
with that of peer companies. We then classify these issues to indicate their importance to Capricorn (based on risk) and their importance to stakeholders (based on stakeholder and investor engagement, and media scanning). The results of this assessment are presented to the Board every year for detailed review.
We assess scores for ‘importance to stakeholders’ across five 
different stakeholder groups (partner organisations, industry associations, suppliers, peer companies and NGOs), while ‘importance to Capricorn’ is assessed through quarterly risk reviews. We track each issue deemed to be material so that we can manage and address any associated impacts. 
Every two years, we engage representatives from our main 
stakeholder groups to gain feedback on the issues we identify as being material to the business. In 2021, internal and external stakeholders were engaged on 61 material issues – those listed in last year’s report and a new issue, ‘Decommissioning’ – in terms of significance to Capricorn’s economic, environmental and social impact.
In alternate years, we undertake a thorough review  
of our materiality process and assessment, which is  externally assured. Materiality Matrix
25
510
11 15 18 26 28 29
37 51 53
4 6 7 9 14 16
20 21 22 30 33 35
36 39 40 41 42 44
45 46 50 52 56 57
58 59 60
8 19 34
4323
3 13 17 24 31
47
2 32 48 54 55
1 12 27 4938
InsignificantInsignificant
LowLow
MediumMedium
Importance to stakeholdersSignificantSignificant
HighHighImportance to Capricorn (Based on Risk)
Theme          Governance       Environment           People           Society
Materiality
   High    Medium    Low Reporting on Key Issues
The issues identified as material to both stakeholders and Capricorn were discussed and agreed at a workshop in October 2021, and are presented in the following  materiality matrix. 
We report on the issues identified as being of ‘high’, 
‘significant’ or ‘medium’ materiality under four themes, as reflected by the Environment (page 18), People (page 28), Society (page 43) and Governance (page 53) sections of  this report. 
 Issues of high mat erial importance are also covered in our  
Annual Report and Accounts.
5 IP IECA Oil and Gas Industry Voluntary Guidance on Sustainability Reporting, 3rd 
edition, 2016 – https://www.ipieca.org/media/2849/og_industry_guidance_on_
voluntary_sustainability_reportnig_3rd_ed_2016.pdf
6
 Glob
al Reporting Initiative – www.globalreporting.org 
7
 Sustainabilit
y Accounting Standards Board – www.sasb.org
8
 T
ask Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures – www.fsb-tcfd.orgPeople
30 Anti-Discrimination
31 Assets Security
32Contractor Selection, 
Capacity and Leadership
33 Cyber Security 
34Equal Pay, Equal Opportunity
35Human Capital Development
36 Infectious Diseases
37 Major Accident Prevention 
38 Office Security
39Personnel Security  and Travel
40 Talent Attraction
41Workplace Health and Well-Being
42 Workplace Safety
Society
43Anti-Discrimination (Beyond Employees)
44 Community Health
45 Cultural Heritage
46Demonstrating Value Created
47Economic or Physical Displacement
48 Freedom of Association
49Grievances and Grievance Mechanisms
50Human Rights Management
51 Indigenous Peoples’ Rights
52Local Community Stakeholders
53Local Content and Local Procurement
54 Local Energy Access
55 Local Hiring Practices
56Local Workforce Development
57 Modern Slavery
58 Security and Human Rights
59 Social Investment
60 Working Conditions/T&CsGovernance
1 Advocacy and Lobbying
2 Anti-Competitive Behaviour
3Business Partners’ Alignment on  Sustainability Issues
4 Capricorn ABC Practices
5Climate Change Policy and Planning (including Global Energy Transition)
6Contractors’ and Suppliers’ ABC Practices 
7 Data protection
8 Decommissioning
9 Fines and Prosecution
10 Funding
11 Government ABC Practices 
12 Ineffective Whistleblowing
13Investment (Home and Overseas)
14 JV Partners and Funding
15Management of Material Issues
16Operations in Sensitive and Complex Locations
17 Remuneration 
18 Reserves Valuations and Capital Expenditure 
19 Sustainability Governance 
20Tax and Payments to Governments
Environment
21Biodiversity and Sensitive Areas
22Discharges to Air, Sea, Land and Sound
23Energy Use and Alternative Sources 
24 Freshwater Use
25GHG Emissions (including Venting and Flaring)
26 Materials Use 
27 Product Stewardship
28Reuse, Recycle and Waste Management 
29 Use of Local ResourcesKey Changes in 2021
 ‒ Thir teen issues increased in significance this year, 
while 12 reduced. 
 ‒‘C
orporate Responsibility’ (CR) was changed to 
‘Sustainability’, since the issue definition of CR  
was considered to be too narrow.
 ‒‘Glob
al Energy Transition’ and ‘Climate Change 
Policy’ were combined and their scores averaged, making a total list of 60 issues.
 ‒‘Dec
ommissioning’ was added as a new issue,  
and considered to have a low impact for our  current portfolio.17 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Environment
Environmental protection is fundamental to 
how Capricorn operates. Recognising the global challenges of climate change, biodiversity loss and the need to protect water resources, we are deepening our commitment and action, refocusing our efforts on net zero emissions by 2040 or earlier and strengthening our approach to biodiversity and water management. We take a precautionary approach, with rigorous risk assessments and robust working methods that help us to minimise our environmental impacts without affecting our commitment to safety. At the same time, we are finding ways to decarbonise our operations and play our role in the transition to clean energy.18 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 202118 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒T
ransition to net zero.
Principal Risks
 ‒F
uture challenges and costs to achieving pathway to net 
zero by 2040.
 ‒Inabilit
y to achieve emissions targets through non-
operated assets. 
Material Issues
High materiality:
 ‒GHG Emissions (in
cluding Venting and Flaring)
 ‒En
ergy Use and Alternative Sources
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Re
vised our Climate and Energy Transition strategy.
 ‒De
veloped short-, medium- and long-term Sustainability 
Objectives and targets.
 ‒Int
egrated carbon pricing mechanisms and re-evaluated 
the resilience of our portfolio.
 ‒De
veloped our understanding of carbon capture 
utilisation and storage applications and opportunities. 
 ‒Impr
oved our reporting against Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) requirements.
 ‒Began disc
losing Scope 3 emissions from the use of  
our products.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒ E
stablish an auditable 2022 baseline emissions figure  
for our activity in Egypt.
 ‒Star
t to implement carbon emissions reduction initiatives 
at our operations in Egypt.
 ‒De
velop and implement our corporate carbon offset 
strategy.
 ‒ De
velop our diversification strategy, including investment 
in clean energy generation.
 ‒Impr
ove reporting of Scope 3 emissions from our  
supply chain.
 ‒I
mprove our understanding of the physical risks of climate 
change to our portfolio, in line with TCFD principles.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Emissions, Energy, 
Water, Waste, Chemicals and Biodiversity is available  
in our Data Appendix.Energy and 
Greenhouse  
Gas Emissions
With growing populations, urbanisation 
and increasing consumption in developing economies, global energy demand is rising. Even as Capricorn – and society more  broadly – transitions to net zero emissions, we believe efficient hydrocarbon fuel use for energy and other applications will remain necessary for the foreseeable future. 
2020
2019
2018
20172021
12,579
351,608 
578,034 
67,357 
490,088 Energy Use
As our operational programmes vary annually, so too does 
our energy consumption. Direct energy use from operated assets mainly comprises diesel fuel combustion in field operations, with some minor electricity consumption in our offices. Heating, cooling and electricity use in 2021 was  1,719 GJ less than 2020, with variation during the year  largely associated with local weather conditions.
Our indirect energy consumption in 2021, at 1,719 GJ, was 
lower than 2020 owing to COVID-19 restrictions.
Total Direct and Indirect Energy Consumption (GJ)
1,719
2,491
3,914
3,356
3,064
Energy Efficiency 
Through our Environmental and Climate Change Policy, 
we are promoting efficient energy use to conserve natural resources, reduce atmospheric emissions and mitigate the impacts of our activities. We examine energy-efficiency benchmarks where available, and seek continual improvement in the selection and performance of operating assets. We continue to identify and implement measures to reduce operational energy use, in line with UK Government aspirations.
To minimise the energy used in drilling operations and 
associated activities without compromising safety or cost, we assess the fuel consumption of rigs, vessels and helicopters as part of the tender process. Lower energy consumption – and therefore emissions – could provide a point of differentiation if all other technical and commercial considerations are equal. In 2021, we added fuel efficiency to our selection criteria for health, safety and environment (HSE) assessments of tenders for operational programmes, and have already trialled this approach when tendering vessels for geophysical and geotechnical survey work in the UK and Mauritania. 
We will strive to align our supply chain products and services 
with our own emissions reduction target of net zero by 2040 at the latest.
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
During COVID-19 restrictions, global GHG emissions  dropped and interest in clean energy increased. However, as society reopens, demand for oil and gas has recovered to pre-pandemic levels. While we recognise the current ongoing need for hydrocarbon fuels, as part of our integrated approach to sustainability, we are looking to contribute to a global clean energy transition. Initially, we  are implementing measures to ensure responsible production of hydrocarbons across various operations.
We have set ourselves deliverable and responsible science-
based emissions reduction targets. We are committed to delivering net zero across our portfolio from Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040, with a 25% reduction achieved by 2030. Our targets relate to our equity emissions, reflecting our commitment to reducing carbon emissions beyond our operational control.Direct energy Indirect energyOverview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 19  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Equity Emissions Reporting
We are working closely with partners on emission controls 
from our non-operated assets in the North Sea, Mexico and Egypt. We started to report emissions on an equity basis for the first time in 2021, improving our GHG-related metrics in line with TCFD and SASB requirements. We are also disclosing our Scope 3 emissions from the use of products,  in accordance with TCFD principles. 
In 2022, we will increase our accurate understanding of 
the emissions from our Egypt non-operated assets by conducting a full inventory of emission sources. 
Capricorn Equity GHG Emissions Scope 1 and 2 
(tonnes CO
2e) (2021)
 F urther details about our GHG emissions data, methodology 
note s and calculations can be found in our Data Appendix. 
Scope 1 Scope 2
Flared Gas
Oil production and refining operations can use flaring 
to dispose of associated or excess gas when it becomes uneconomical to process and sell. Flaring is also used to manage gas during non-routine process upset events.
The industry has continued to reduce the amount of  
natural gas that is flared, and Capricorn has endorsed the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative. 
We had no operated flaring in 2021. Before the divestment 
of the assets, we worked with our Catcher and Kraken operating partners on opportunities to reduce emissions generally – by running generators with less diesel and  using more of the associated gas for fuelling engines and boilers – and to seek means to reduce flaring specifically. This included assessing the potential to use imported  gas over diesel fuel on Kraken as part of a re-permitting exercise and minimising flaring well below permitted  levels at both assets.   
The only non-operated production assets in our portfolio  
for 2022 are located in Egypt, where we will work with  the operator to eliminate routine flaring and cut  Scope 1 emissions. 
Other Emissions
We monitor and report on other emissions to air connected with our activities. These include nitrogen oxides, sulphur dioxide, volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and particulate matter. As with GHGs, these figures are influenced by our level of operated activity and remained low in 2021. Through our new Climate and Energy Transition strategy, we are using a hierarchy of options for avoiding, reducing, substituting and offsetting GHG emissions. We are currently focusing on replacing diesel power with gas and solar energy, as well as eliminating flaring from our operations  in Egypt.
Our carbon sequestration strategy includes the deployment 
of both engineered and nature-based carbon sinks. We are actively pursuing opportunities in carbon capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS) in Egypt and other jurisdictions, and we have invested in the NECCUS project, which is examining industrial carbon capture projects in Scotland. 
Our other carbon avoidance investments are focused on 
preventing the emission of highly polluting refrigerants in developing countries, including Ghana, Dominican Republic and Honduras, and a landfill-to-gas project in Brazil.  
 See th e TCFD Reporting section (page 54) for more information.  
Our 2021 Performance 
In absolute terms, our annual GHG emissions vary with the duration and nature of projects and, from an operated perspective, have historically arisen largely from exploration and appraisal activities. Currently, GHG emissions from our activities – primarily combustion of fuels such as marine diesel by rigs and transport vessels – account for a relatively modest share of our operational footprint. We monitor and manage our GHG emissions, disclosing them in accordance with industry requirements, methodologies and standards. 
 Re ad more about carbon intensity in the Governance section 
(page 54) and more about contractor selection in the People 
section (page 41).
2021 was another year of low operational activity for 
Capricorn, with no drilling of operated wells and three  surveys to support planned projects in the North Sea.  In line with this limited activity, total operated GHG emissions remained low – at 1,469 tonnes CO
2e –  
while normalised emissions totalled 4 tonnes CO 2e  
per 1,000 hours worked.Our indirect (Scope 3) emissions, arising largely from  travel in support of our operations and new venture activities, were limited to 451 tonnes CO
2e due to  
COVID-19 restrictions. 
We make annual carbon disclosure submissions to the CDP. 
In 2021, we submitted the Climate Change questionnaire  and received a rating of B-, which falls within the ‘management band’.
Total and Normalised Operated GHG Emissions 
(tonnes CO
2e)
Scopes 1, 2 and 3
2021
Scope 1 Scope 2 (location-based)
Tonnes CO 2e per 1,000 hours workedScope 3*2020
2019
2018
201724,440911
40,184
48,7824,624175107
256
343251352451
3,056
2,4712,625364
43
14
48Mexico3,070
8
Egypt46,427
0.5UK97,082
95
Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions
* Scope 3 (emissions from business travel only)20 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Case Study
Environmental 
Management  
in EgyptAlongside our partner Cheiron, Capricorn completed 
the purchase of Shell’s Western Desert, Egypt assets in September 2021. Ahead of this acquisition, due diligence was undertaken based on International Finance Corporation (IFC) Performance Standards and Good International Industry Practice references. 
The process concluded that the assets have been managed 
well, with a focus on integrity, major hazard management, and health and safety. We will work with Cheiron, the Egyptian General Petroleum Corporation (EGPC) and other partners to ensure the safety culture established by BADR Petroleum Company (Bapetco) is built upon. 
Reducing Emissions
Alongside Cheiron and Bapetco, we undertook a baseline study to assess our GHG emissions impact and identify reduction opportunities. The audit, conducted in late 2021, was the start of our baselining activity for these assets, with a detailed inventory of emissions planned for early 2022. The audit reviewed the accuracy of reporting in the Western Desert operating fields, the protocols used for reporting and any areas of uncertainty that need closing in 2022. Committed to the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative, we are working towards eliminating routine flaring from our operations by the end of this decade.  Flare-reduction projects are progressing well and additional opportunities have been identified. We are also replacing diesel generators with cleaner-burning gas equipment, and integrating solar power to reduce our reliance on diesel and gas. We will explore other options, including carbon capture and storage and the wider application of renewable power. 
Managing Water
Managing water risks effectively is important in the  Western Desert, an area of considerable water scarcity.  We will focus on using freshwater efficiently and managing water discharge responsibly. This will involve enhanced understanding of water demand; quality and availability of sources; users and stakeholder vulnerabilities; environmental linkages; and discharges or abstractions affecting water resources to inform improvements.
Energy and Greenhouse Gas EmissionsEnvironment Governance Society People Our Strategy Overview 21  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of adherence to health, safety, environment and 
security policies.
Material Issues
High materiality:
 ‒Use of L
ocal Resources
Medium materiality:
 ‒Biodiv
ersity and Sensitive Areas
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Began pr
eparatory work for 2022 and 2023 drilling 
programmes.
 ‒Impr
oved biodiversity assessment tools and disclosure  
of biodiversity issues.
 ‒Began identif
ying and managing biodiversity and 
ecosystem services risks in Mauritania.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Apply th
e agreed Environmental and Climate Change 
Policy changes for all activity planning for 2022 and 2023.
 ‒A
pply advanced biodiversity screening to all prospects.  
 Detailed perf ormance data on Biodiversity is available  
in our Data Appendix.Biodiversity
Recognising the global threats to  
biodiversity and its links with climate change, we have strengthened our commitments to protecting and preserving habitats, ecosystems and species where we operate. We have increased the use of biodiversity data, made available through our membership of the Proteus Partnership, to strengthen our management capacity, and are monitoring the development of the post-2020 global biodiversity framework action targets and related initiatives, such as the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD).Our Biodiversity Framework
As outlined in our Corporate Responsibility Management 
System (CRMS), our Biodiversity Framework provides a common, cross-operational approach to mitigating potential impacts. Measures include biodiversity risk screening, Environmental Baseline Surveys (EBSs) (see page 24) to benchmark conditions before operations commence, and Environmental Management Plans for our operations, as well as Biodiversity Action Plans (BAPs) in specific locations. The Framework is implemented locally in accordance with our Project Delivery Process (PDP). 
In 2021, we revised our Guidance on Managing 
Biodiversity Risks and Opportunities. The guidance maps the International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association (IPIECA) and International Association of Oil & Gas Producers’ (IOGP) framework for the management of biodiversity and ecosystem services
1 
to the CRMS, PDP and other business processes. The new document also integrates the principles from the CSBI’s
2 
cross-sector guide for implementing the mitigation hierarchy, and provides guidance and references to additional resources for effective biodiversity management.Protecting Biodiversity  
and Sensitive Areas
We appreciate the potential impact of our activities on 
biodiversity and adopt a precautionary approach, taking cost-effective preventative measures where threats of serious or irreversible damage may exist, even if not scientifically proven. Prior to entering new areas, we undertake screening to identify protected areas and priority areas for biodiversity conservation. 
We do not explore, develop or enter into joint ventures in 
UNESCO World Heritage sites
3, and recently extended this 
commitment to include International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) categories Ia (Strict Nature Reserves) and Ib (Wilderness Areas). In 2021, we updated our Code of Ethics (see page 56) to reflect this and extended our Environmental and Climate Change Policy to include no net loss to biodiversity from our operations. 
In 2021, Capricorn reviewed several new locations, targeted 
by our New Ventures Team, with substantial potential to contain protected and priority areas for biodiversity in blocks of interest. The ‘high’ biodiversity risk in some areas informed the decision not to progress investment, while in others, recommendations were made to allocate additional resources for biodiversity management.
1 IP IECA and IOGP 2016. IOGP Report 554. Biodiversity and ecosystem services fundamentals. Guidance document for the oil and gas industry.
2
 Cr
oss-Sector Biodiversity Initiative (CSBI) 2015. A cross-sector guide for implementing the mitigation hierarchy.
3
 Th
e United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization Convention concerning the Protection of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage covers sites that may 
be buildings, monuments or natural features of national or international importance.Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 22  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Case Study
The Proteus 
Partnership2021 marked Capricorn’s first full year as a member of the 
Proteus Partnership, a cross-sector collaboration convened through the United Nations Environment Programme's World Conservation Monitoring Centre (UNEP-WCMC). The Partnership supports companies to manage their impacts on biodiversity and contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) by providing access to biodiversity data, knowledge and tools, including global data on protected areas, threatened species, and critical marine and coastal ecosystems.  
UNEP-WCMC supported the development of a geographic 
information system (GIS)-based screening tool to improve our data use. Based on the Biodiversity Indicators for Site-based Impacts (BISI) methodology – developed by UNEP-WCMC, Fauna and Flora International, and Conservation International – the tool will help us to rank assets by level of biodiversity exposure. We plan to launch it across our portfolio and report results in 2022.
We continue to develop our biodiversity management 
capacity and have benefited from Proteus-delivered horizon-scanning webinars, technical forums and briefing notes. We delivered biodiversity awareness training for our HSE, GIS and Exploration Teams, and have scheduled additional training by UNEP-WCMC, with a focus on the development and implementation of no net loss commitments, for 2022.
Biodiversity
Case Study
Environmental 
Baseline Survey  
in MauritaniaIn 2021, we planned a combined EBS and geophysical  
and geotechnical site survey of the Dauphin prospect, Block C7, off the coast of Mauritania. The survey commenced in January 2022.
The Dauphin prospect is located in deep water on the 
edge of the continental shelf and is intersected by subsea canyon systems. Previous surveys identified the presence of cold-water corals and other sensitive seabed-dwelling species. Undertaking an EBS before starting any work will inform future exploration decisions and help to mitigate potential impacts to this ecosystem.
The site lies 25 km from the marine boundary of the Parc 
National du Banc d’Arguin, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. As an important first stage to understanding sensitivities and concerns, we have engaged with key stakeholders including government officials, UNESCO, non-governmental organisations (NGOs) such as Nature Mauritanie, and local fishing communities. 
The EBS in Mauritania will also be the first in which we 
have used environmental DNA (eDNA) analysis – the genomic study of organisms in the environment – of sediment and water samples. We believe that using  eDNA has the potential to be cheaper and faster, and to provide more complete biodiversity data, than conventional methods. It will form a cornerstone of  future baseline surveys.
Environment Governance Society People Our Strategy Overview 23  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Environmental Baseline Surveys
EBSs define existing conditions near our activities, using 
techniques such as seabed sampling, high-definition video and photography. As well as providing data for assessing potential impacts and supporting mitigation and BAPs, an EBS helps to determine the extent of existing damage from the previous activities of others. Repeating these surveys when exiting a location delineates our impact and avoids liability for the impacts of others.
In 2021, we undertook an EBS in our Woodstock licence  
areas in the UK, in preparation for drilling the Diadem exploration well in 2022, and commenced survey work offshore Mauritania in January 2022 (see case study on  page 23).
Assessing Our Biodiversity Impacts
Investment proposals consider key biodiversity issues before approval. This helps us to define potential risks, including the presence of sensitive sites and species, long before entry into a new licence or location. It also helps us to avoid any liability that may arise from pre-existing conditions. 
As a minimum, we perform environmental risk and impact 
assessments before starting any project, considering potential direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of our operations and supply chain. Although extent varies with location, we assess potential biodiversity impacts as early as possible, repeating this throughout the oil and gas life cycle. 
Biodiversity 4  Th e Performance Standards on Environmental and Social Sustainability are included in the IFC Sustainability Framework, helping the IFC’s clients improve their performance, enhance transparency, manage risk and protect the environment. www.ifc.orgFor planned activities in all existing and potential locations that could affect Critical Habitats, protected areas or the welfare of local communities reliant on ecosystem services, we undertake extensive Environmental and Social Impact Assessments (ESIAs). We then work with technical specialists, government departments, NGOs and other local stakeholders on developing mitigation activities.
We follow IFC Performance Standard 6 (Biodiversity 
Conservation and Sustainable Management of Living Natural Resources)
4 requirements, appropriate national 
legislation and internationally accepted good practice. In projects where significant potential impacts are identified, additional studies and a formal assessment are performed to demonstrate proposed management.
In locations where there is significant biodiversity risk or 
a clear benefit for targeted conservation, specific BAPs may be developed. We commission external independent consultants to develop our ESIAs or risk assessments and, if required, to support risk and impact management.  
Other Biodiversity Activities
In 2021, we continued our support of a mangrove rehabilitation project in Suriname (page 48), which will improve biodiversity, support local livelihoods and help local communities to adapt to climate change. Phase 2 of this work will continue in 2022 with funding for additional site equipment to facilitate the rehabilitation of a larger area. We are also undertaking a rehabilitation success monitoring project, based on the analysis of satellite imagery of the project area since its inception in 2016.
 F or further information, please see the Biodiversity section of the 
Data Appendix.Turtle Conservation 
Support in Mexico In 2020, we carried out a Critical Habitat Assessment and a 
Biodiversity Impact Assessment for Block 9 offshore Mexico. This identified that the project is located within an area assessed to be Critical Habitat for the endangered Kemp’s Ridley sea turtle. 
Although our activities were judged to have no impact on 
the species, we looked to achieve a ‘net gain’ by contributing to the efforts of a local turtle conservation group, Vida Milenaria, based in Tecolutla on the Gulf coast. We donated US$12,000 to fund the purchase of an all-terrain vehicle  (ATV) and fuel for one year, to support its beach patrols to protect turtle nests and observe hatchings. During the 2021 season, the ATV covered around 6,000 km while patrolling the beaches.
The 2021 nesting season, which ran from March to 
September, was affected by hydrocarbons appearing on local beaches in April and Hurricane Grace hitting the region in August. Vida Milenaria helped to alert the authorities to the hydrocarbons’ appearance, which occurred during the nesting season, and was heavily involved in the subsequent clean-up efforts. Hurricane Grace made landfall in Tecolutla itself, causing severe damage. Again, the NGO supported the local community in the aftermath, helping to distribute provisions and coordinate donations to ensure they reached those most affected.
Vida Milenaria continued its important conservation work 
in the face of these difficulties, recording protected nests, protected eggs and hatchlings of the Kemp’s Ridley, green sea and hawksbill turtle species released to the sea. Overall numbers in 2021 were lower than 2020, due to the impact of these unexpected events, but the Kemp’s Ridley turtle fared better than other species, as its nesting season finished before the hurricane struck. 
We continue to engage with Vida Milenaria and monitor its 
important work.
Total hatchlings released in 2021 (all species): 80,896 
(2020: 93,193)
Kemp’s Ridley turtles
  2
021
  2
020
Total nests
  728
  7
59
Nests protected
  728
  7
59
Eggs protected
  7
1,344
  7
4,493
Hatchlings released
  6
7,367
  69
,493Case Study24 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒Minimise th
e environmental impact of our operated  
and non-operated activities.
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of adherence to Health, Safety and Security Policy, 
Environmental and Climate Change Policy, and Major 
Accident Prevention Policy.
Material Issues
High materiality:
 ‒Mat
erials Use
 ‒Reuse, Rec
ycle and Waste Management
Medium materiality:
 ‒Disc
harges to Sea, Land and Sound
 ‒F
reshwater Use
 ‒P
roduct Stewardship
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Impr
oved our standard water data collection  
and assessments.
 ‒Impr
oved water resilience and stress ranking  
and reporting.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Enhan
ce assurance from auditors on environmental data, 
with a focus on freshwater extraction and discharges to 
environment, notably in areas of water scarcity.  
 ‒F
ocus on minimising freshwater extraction and risks to 
surface water sources.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Water,  Waste and  
Chemicals is available in our Data Appendix.Water, Effluents 
and Pollution
We are committed to minimising the 
environmental impact of our operations. Part of this means optimising water use, limiting discharges and reducing waste. While the variable nature of our activities makes setting specific reduction targets challenging, we are dedicated to improving our resource efficiency and reducing impacts wherever  we can. Freshwater Use
Water resilience and water use are areas of increasing focus 
for our industry, and include transparency around use in areas of water stress
5. We appreciate that our business both 
impacts, and depends on, water resources close to our operations. We also respect that access to clean, safe water is a fundamental human right and is one of the UN SDGs with importance to local communities and the environment. Therefore, our water resource strategy covers: 
 ‒assessin
g the need for using and abstracting freshwater; 
 ‒ e
xploring ways to manage freshwater more efficiently; 
 ‒identif
ying and implementing ways to reduce our 
operational impacts on freshwater; and 
 ‒enhan
cing our reporting of freshwater resource 
management.
Having completed CDP’s Water Security basic questionnaire in 2020, we completed the full questionnaire in 2021. Earning a score of B-, our submission improved our level of transparency on water abstraction and protection, quality management and discharge parameters, and included considerations of water stress and resilience. 
At the start of 2021, we revised the HSE criteria on our 
investment proposal checklist to reference the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. This online water risk mapping tool helps companies, investors, governments and other users to understand where and how water risks and opportunities are emerging worldwide, and has helped us to analyse water stress when considering possible new venture activities. During the year, our use of freshwater remained low, primarily as a result of the level of operational activity we undertook. In 2021, 100% of our water withdrawal (1,132m
3) 
was freshwater. 
Total Water Withdrawal (m3)
5 W orld Resources Institute: Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas – Baseline water stress 
measures the ratio of total water withdrawals to available renewable surface 
and groundwater supplies.2020
2019
2018
20172021
1,132
4,759 
8,369 
6,251 
19,303 
Freshwater withdrawal Seawater withdrawal0
3,095 
7,271
0
11,140Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 25  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Water, Effluents and PollutionDischarges to Sea and Land
Our discharges in 2021 were largely limited to domestic 
sources from office premises and vessels undertaking offshore survey work in the North Sea. Discharges from vessels contracted to do work on our behalf are managed, through HSE contract requirements, in line with local and international standards, such as the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from  Ships (MARPOL).
Waste Management
Our waste management approach aligns with internationally accepted best practice, legal requirements and duty of care standards. We use the accepted waste management hierarchy in our practices. 
Our activities generate different volumes and types of waste, 
including oil-contaminated waste, chemical waste, non-hazardous waste, domestic waste and clinical waste from medical facilities offshore. For all projects, we ensure that:
 ‒w
aste management options in-country are understood 
ahead of starting operations;
 ‒local f
acilities and service providers have been audited, 
and gaps identified and addressed;
 ‒ W
aste Management Plans are informed by the findings 
from in-country reviews and audits;
 ‒w
aste is transferred to approved facilities, which may 
require specific licences or permits; ‒w
aste management activities are supervised for the 
duration of operations for each waste stream by  approved professionals;
 ‒hazar
dous waste that cannot be treated locally is 
transferred to suitable treatment and disposal facilities  in full compliance with international law, including the Basel Convention
6; and
 ‒w
aste transfer, treatment and disposal records are 
maintained in accordance with legislation and internal requirements.
We dispose of our discharge in the following instances, where reuse and recycling are not options: 
 ‒ W
ater-based waste drilling fluids are discharged to sea 
when they have met the OSPAR7 Convention conditions 
or principles and been approved by the national regulator. 
 ‒ Oil-b
ased drilling fluids and associated cuttings are taken 
to shore for processing and licensed disposal as approved by the regulator. 
 ‒W
aste generated during offshore support operations 
(excluding drilling), such as domestic use on vessels and offshore rigs, is managed in accordance with MARPOL
8 
requirements. 
 ‒An
y waste that cannot be discharged at sea or incinerated 
offshore is segregated and transferred for further treatment and disposal onshore. 
 ‒ W
astewater generated by our offices is treated through 
municipal sewage and wastewater systems.
Our Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs) for onshore activity in exploration blocks in Egypt during 2022 will include Waste Management Plans for minimising waste  and disposing of it responsibly in regulated disposal sites. 
6 Basel C onvention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, adopted by 53 nations worldwide.
7
 Decision 2
000/2 of the OSPAR Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the North-East Atlantic (as amended by OSPAR Decision 2005/1).
8
 Int
ernational Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (MARPOL 73/78) under the auspices of the International Maritime Organization, which has 174 member nations worldwide.Waste is largely limited to domestic sources from office premises and vessels undertaking offshore survey work. Waste volumes during the year were low, reflecting that no operated drilling activities were undertaken, and no waste streams were transferred under the Basel Convention in 2021.2020
2019
2018
20172021
Hazardous Non-Hazardous1
51
193
8
150 37438
90
261
81Total Hazardous and Non-Hazardous Waste (tonnes)
26 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Product 
Stewardship
The crude oil from our production assets – our non-
operated assets in Egypt and our now-divested Kraken and Catcher wells – is sold to buyers who blend or refine it into fuels, lubricants and chemicals for use in many everyday items. It is our responsibility to ensure all production operations and transportation to buyers comply with regulatory requirements, as well as our own Code of Ethics and our Environmental and Climate Change Policy.
We continue to engage our partners to ensure 
proper stewardship is in place via routine Operator Committee and Technical Committee meetings. Hydrocarbon sales are carried out by marketing agents on our behalf.Materials Use
Although we have limited direct exposure to chemicals and other potentially hazardous materials, we still have robust requirements for chemical management in our CRMS. 
We identify and assess their potential risks and impacts  
as part of our routine approach to planning operations,  and select liquid and solid chemicals, such as drilling fluids for exploration, that are both fit for purpose and that minimise any impact on human health or the environment. In most locations, they are submitted for approval by the regulatory authority.
We also use ESIAs to determine the potential impact of 
emissions and discharges from planned operations on local environments. This takes into account local environmental resources and their use by others. 
UK
In the UK, our chemical management fully complies  with regulatory requirements from OSPAR detailing  the approach to the selection of chemicals for use  and discharge in offshore activities. In addition to  requiring the comprehensive testing of chemicals, the legislation demands the pre-screening, ranking, hazard assessment and risk management of chemicals, as well  as the replacement of certain chemicals with less  hazardous alternatives.
During 2021, there were no operational activities completed 
in the UK other than routine submissions to the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy. We continue  to plan for our 2022 Diadem well drilling, including chemical selection in accordance with OSPAR requirements. Likewise, non-operated activities in the UK are required to conform with OSPAR. Mexico
There were no operational activities in Mexico in 2021. However, our non-operating partner for the Saasken well was required to conform with the requirements of the SASISOPA
9, which are similar to those in the UK.
Sound
The environmental impact of the sound used with our seismic and drilling activities is assessed through the ESIAs we undertake ahead of all operations. Environmental Management Plans and control measures for these operations are in line with recognised industry guidelines
10; 
these include the use of marine mammal observers and passive acoustic monitoring, pre-shooting searches, soft starts and stopping the firing of air guns.
In the North Sea, survey work in 2021 for East Orkney was 
brought forward to avoid herring spawning timings.
Water, Effluents and Pollution9 Sist ema de Administración de Seguridad Industrial, Seguridad Operativa y  
Protección del Medio Ambiente (Industrial Safety, Operational Safety  
and Environmental Protection Administration System).
10
 Joint Natur
e Conservation Committee (JNCC) guidelines for minimising the  
risk of injury to marine mammals from geophysical surveys, 2017.27 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
People
At Capricorn, our people are the key to our 
success. Led by the Executive Committee (ExCo) and implemented through the Management Team and every member of our workforce, our employees’ well-being, safety and security is one of the core values that underpins how we do business and the behaviours we expect. Our culture promotes honesty and openness, and we have programmes in place that prioritise health, safety, inclusion, well-being and security.28 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
To support the reduction of printed paper and 
positively improve the environmental footprint in our offices, we have created a new portal for employees. My HR was rolled out across the company in September 2021.
The portal provides a more secure environment in 
which to keep important employee information such as performance reviews and total reward statements. In addition, we have moved our annual salary review and bonus processes onto My HR, reducing the need to share documents via email with people managers. People Engagement
Our people are the foundation on which our success is built. We aim to create a positive, collaborative work environment that enables colleagues to fulfil their potential. We respect personal dignity and rights, and want everyone to feel involved and valued by their colleagues, managers and senior leaders.
Measuring Engagement: Pulse Surveys
We have conducted monthly ‘Have your say’ pulse surveys across the Group since 2018. These short, regular snapshots continue to attract consistently high participation rates of around 92%, 5% above the industry average. This year’s surveys continued to include questions about the initiatives and support we provided in response to COVID-19.  
Focusing on 11 key areas that enable us to compare our 
results with our industry peers, we have tracked favourably against the energy and utilities sector on overall employee engagement over the last year. We finished the year with an employee engagement score of 8.2, which is 0.7 above the industry benchmark.   
From the feedback, key areas for improvement are identified 
and progress is sponsored by a senior team member.
Employee Voice Forum
Our Employee Voice Forum gives our people direct access to the Board. There are two meetings each year, chaired by a Non-Executive Director, at which colleagues’ material concerns, ideas and suggestions are discussed. As with last year, the main themes explored in 2021 spanned future working practices, such as flexible or hybrid working, and plans for returning to the office. 
Having followed government guidance and as part of the 
phased return to office working, we engaged with our employees through a series of facilitated focus groups before starting a six-month trial period of hybrid working for all UK-based employees in September 2021. Offices in Mexico and Egypt will undergo a similar exercise once their own government restrictions are eased.
 Re ad about staff engagement during the pandemic in  
Our Response to COVID-19 on page 9.Employees
Delivering on our strategy and achieving 
sustainable business results are only possible thanks to the skills, experience and passion of our people. To support everyone, our employee processes are guided by our High Performing Behaviours and underpinned by our values of Building Respect, Nurturing Relationships and Acting Responsibly. Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒Retain an
d develop a competent and  
motivated workforce.
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of adherence to our Code of Ethics  
and People policies.
Material Issues
Medium materiality:
 ‒Anti-Discr
imination
 ‒E
qual Pay, Equal Opportunity
 ‒Human C
apital Development
 ‒T
alent Attraction
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒E
stablished our diversity and inclusion (D&I) strategy and 
committee, and developed tools and methods to embed 
D&I in the way we work.
 ‒Deliv
ered the next phase of our talent management 
programme and completed our technical competencies project, as we shift to a more production-based strategy.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Embed our D&I str
ategy into the way we work through 
work groups, and include in the Operating Management System (OMS).
 ‒Initiat
e a mentoring programme for female employees 
with access to ExCo members.
 ‒Initiat
e the phased introduction of a technical 
competence management and assurance system.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Employees is available  
in our Data Appendix.Rewards and Benefits
Every year, we benchmark salaries against other oil and 
gas companies and the general market. This helps us to continue to offer a competitive package to attract and  retain employees. 
Employees also receive an annual Total Reward Statement 
to demonstrate the total value of their compensation and benefits, which we believe is highly competitive. 
Case Study
My HR
Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 29  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Diversity and Inclusion
We recognise that our success depends on a diverse range 
of talented people with the necessary skills and passion, and acknowledge diversity in all its dimensions: national origin, age, race and ethnicity, religion and belief, gender, sexual orientation and marital status. We welcome people from varied circumstances, including socio-economic background, education, training, sector experience and organisational tenure, personality type and cognitive diversity. 
Our Group People Management Policy guides us in  
building D&I into all aspects of recruitment, learning  and development, and remuneration and benefits. We  also have policies on disability, equality and diversity, fixed-term employees, part-time employees, flexible working  and harassment.  
To elevate our existing practices, during 2021 we developed 
and implemented our strategic ambition for D&I: 
“ T o nurture an inclusive and 
sustainable culture, where 
differences are encouraged, embraced and recognised as key drivers of value to all stakeholders.”Our Culture
We will nurture a diverse and inclusive 
culture where everyone can uniquely contribute and thrive; a culture that values and encourages individual differences, unleashes the potential of our talent and flourishes under the collective strength and value that diversity brings.
Our People
We will focus our outreach across a breadth of 
communities to support a more diverse talent pool, as we strive to attract, develop and retain the very best talent.
Our Communities
Our commitment to D&I reaches beyond the 
boundaries of our business to incorporate the diverse values and perspectives of the communities and societies of the countries within which we are privileged to work. 
We will continue to reflect these values 
and perspectives in our social investment decisions and practices in all countries in which we operate. We are focusing this ambition in three distinct areas:  
EmployeesAs part of our strategy, we have developed and communicated our strategic framework, which is designed to cultivate D&I across the business. 
In recognition of the current 
diversity challenges within our management and executive populations, the first initiative we launched in 2021 was our Shadow4Success programme. The pilot programme provides an opportunity for under-represented groups to gain a better understanding of how our Executive Team operates, with the intention of increasing the diversity of applications for more senior roles in Capricorn.  
In 2022, we will roll out a 
programme of activities that link back to each point on the framework.
To measure the success 
of our elevated focus on D&I, we have engaged an independent partner to conduct a baseline study in Q1 2022. This will allow us to measure our progress and provide a comparative benchmark to our  industry peers.1
Data and 
analytics
2
Communications
3
Policy and 
procedure
4
Health and 
well-being
5
Flexible 
working 
practices6
Learning and 
development7
Talent and 
succession8
Recruitment  
and selectionStrategic 
Framework9
Best practice/
industry  
networks10
Me
asurement  
and reporting30 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Male
Male
Full-timeFemale
Female
Part-time132
191106 
193 10Gender split
Group
Staff by employment typeManagementTalent Attraction 
We attract excellent people from a breadth of communities 
and deploy them where their skills and experience add business value, while providing job satisfaction and career development opportunities. 
To secure future talent, our people managers follow a robust 
selection process in collaboration with Human Resources (HR) staff and our sourcing partners. We attract and employ people with diverse insights, perspectives and backgrounds, and our recruitment partners aim to provide an equal split of candidates for each vacancy based on gender. 
Board members by gender 
2020
2019
2018
20172021
5 3
6 3
6 3
7 2
8 2Talent Management
Our talent management strategy continues to focus on three overarching strands:
 ‒gr
owing our talent through active succession planning 
and mentoring;
 ‒deliv
ering leadership, management and development 
programmes; and
 ‒pr
oviding support through annual objectives and 
development plans. 
Managing the development of all colleagues is always a priority. In 2021, we promoted 15 colleagues into new or materially different roles, and all six mentees from Cohort 1 of our mentoring programme secured new roles. Cohort 2 was launched in September 2021, with very positive feedback from all participants.
As we transition towards a more production-based business 
model, we anticipate a potential impact on the skills, competencies and technical knowledge required, so we have already brought in people with the necessary production-related skills. We are also developing a secure, user-friendly app that allows more real-time updates for assessing capabilities across our business.
Our Nomination Committee regularly evaluates our Board 
members’ skills, experience, independence and company knowledge, making recommendations where appropriate. This ensures appointments and succession plans are based on merit and objective criteria, and promote diversity in all its forms, including gender, ethnic backgrounds, and cognitive and personal strengths.
 Re ad more about succession planning and Board appointments in 
the Nomination Committee Report section of our Annual Report. Capricorn Workforce
238
This includes Capricorn employees and 
other time-writing personnel who have been contracted for more than three months to an organisational position (direct contractors). 
132  106  
Men   W omen
33
Third party contractors2.63
5.13
8.79
0.00
27.27
7.96Non-technical: Senior Manager
Non-technical: Manager
Non-technical: Team member
Technical: Senior Manager
Technical: Manager
Technical: Team member
25.00
31.03
11.36
0.00
0.00
6.98Non-technical: Senior Manager
Non-technical: Manager
Non-technical: Team member
Technical: Senior Manager
Technical: Manager
Technical: Team memberFemale
EmployeesDuring 2021, we welcomed 53 new colleagues to the 
business, all of whom were successfully onboarded virtually.    
As always, our contractor numbers fluctuate with the level 
of activity, which was relatively low in 2021 compared to previous years.
2021 success by gender, role type, number of applications (%)
Male31 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Learning and Development
Group-Wide Learning Opportunities
Providing learning opportunities for our people is essential 
to operating to the highest standards and making our business more efficient, effective and successful. We invest in developing our people, and each colleague has a personal learning ‘budget’, helping them to fulfil their potential, deliver our objectives and meet the changing demands of our industry.   
Typically, opportunities are provided through e-learning 
modules, traditional classroom training, ‘lunch and learn’ sessions, workshops, seminars, conferences and field trips. We also have people on overseas secondments as part of their development. Due to the challenges associated with COVID-19, in 2021 most of our in-person training opportunities migrated to online delivery and some were postponed until we were able to safely return to the office.  
Leadership and Management Development 
To support our senior leaders in 2021, we developed a partnership with a local provider to work with each person on a one-to-one basis. The sessions provided coaching and insights on strengths and characteristics, and looked at resilience, managing relationships, emotional intelligence, inclusive leadership and succession planning. Each individual also benefited from a robust development plan with short-, medium- and long-term actions.
For current and aspiring people managers, we have added 
the TalentBuilder® programme to our Management Bootcamp programme, while a Career Focus module is now available for all staff.Capricorn Academy
The Capricorn Academy, established in 2019, enables colleagues to undertake mandatory compliance learning online to improve their understanding of important governance, regulatory and security topics as well as our key processes and procedures. A revised version of the Capricorn Academy portal was launched in August 2020 following a change of provider, and we are planning a second development phase in 2022. 
Each month, two or three mandatory modules are released, 
as well as other self-help topics and sessions on health and well-being.
Total management and non-management training
(Average hours per employee)
EmployeesManagement grade employees 
Non-management grade employees2020
20202019
20192018
20182017
20172021
202130 31
21
10010029
53
10053
34
3449
36
1733Training on Anti-Bribery and Corruption Practices  
All employees are trained in Capricorn’s anti-bribery and 
corruption (ABC) policies and procedures. Through the Academy, we provide annual training on our Code of Ethics and our ABC management system, as well as tax evasion, data protection, human rights and modern slavery, our Corporate Responsibility Management System (CRMS) and our Corporate Major Accident Prevention Policy (CMAPP). 
Where we perceive a heightened threat of ABC risks in a new 
venture, the staff involved must complete further training. Bespoke e-learning sessions for staff in higher-risk roles were delivered during the year, including a workshop in Mexico in October 2021. 
ABC training continues to be given to the Management 
Team and the Board.
 Re ad more about ABC practices and new ventures in the 
Governance section on page 56.
Employees trained in Capricorn’s anti-corruption policies 
and procedures (%)
32 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Workplace Safety
Providing a safe working environment is a core corporate 
responsibility, and minimising risks to people and the environment is of paramount importance to us. 
Managing safety risks involves applying risk assessment 
techniques and, where such risks cannot be avoided, we apply the principle of managing them to ‘as low as reasonably practicable’ (ALARP). Mitigation measures include engineering controls, safe working practices and the competence of our people, while leadership activities include audits, site visits and reviews of performance at a project, asset and Group level by the Management Team, ExCo and the Board. We actively engage with contractors to ensure they have effective systems in place, and we apply strict assurance processes to assess them at the tendering stage and during activities.
We have identified road safety as a major safety risk in Egypt 
and developed travel risk assessment and management plans for our people living in and visiting the country.
Overall accountability for working safely and responsibly 
remains with the Board, while applying these controls across our operations falls to the Management Team. Asset managers are responsible for ensuring that operations adhere to our CRMS, including HSE standards and procedures, and that plans are in place to manage risks. Our robust management process ensures incidents are recorded and investigated, and lessons learned. Performance updates are reported to the Board. In 2021, we implemented our improved accident and incident reporting software and rolled out revised training for users.  
Managing operational safety hazards involves several 
mechanisms to promote safe working procedures but largely falls under the systems of our contractors wherever they operate key activities such as drill rigs. Clear oversight is provided by our own personnel, and procedures are bridged where necessary to ensure responsibilities are understood. Our operating partners apply their own safety management systems and we engage with them to understand and improve performance on a routine basis, promoting good industry practice and applying the lessons learned in the event of an accident.Health, Safety  
and Well-Being
We have a responsibility to provide a safe and 
healthy working environment. Maintaining people’s safety, health and well-being is of paramount importance to Capricorn. Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒P
rovide a safe and healthy working environment.
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of adherence to policies: Health, Safety and Security, 
Environmental and Climate Change, Social Responsibility, 
Major Accident Prevention, and People.
Material Issues
Medium materiality:
 ‒Inf
ectious Diseases 
 ‒W
orkplace Health and Well-Being
 ‒W
orkplace Safety
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒C
ontinued to support staff on COVID-19 and facilitated  
a return to office working.  
 ‒Re
vised our Project Delivery Process (PDP) with  
improved integration of health, safety and environment 
(HSE) elements.
 ‒C
ompleted an audit of our Corporate Responsibility 
Management System (CRMS) and closed out  all findings.
 ‒Implem
ented an enhanced incident reporting system 
across the company.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Ben
chmark our operated activities against International 
Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) data for injuries and spills to the environment. 
 ‒Mana
gement Teams to visit operated and non-operated 
sites to reinforce our HSE culture and  ensure they meet expected standards.  
 ‒Repla
ce our existing suite of management systems with 
an OMS, to help prepare for a portfolio covering a greater part of the hydrocarbon life cycle.Our 2021 Performance
With zero recordable injuries in our operated assets, our 
overall occupational safety performance was better than our target; this was set using IOGP benchmarks, which we use as lagging key performance indicators (KPIs). We recognise that our operational activity in 2021 was limited to survey and environmental work in Mexico, East Orkney and, in early January 2022, Mauritania. Despite our low levels of operational activity, this is a significant achievement given the survey work we did undertake, the return to office working and the road safety risks in Egypt. 
For 2022, we have reviewed our KPI weightings to reflect 
the greater level of field activities that will take place in 2022 across the portfolio.
Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR)  
(Total recordable injuries per million hours worked)
2020
2019
2018
20172021
Capricorn total (employees and contractors)
IOGP benchmark0.0
0.0
0.98
0.0
1.880.92
0.99
0.99
0.960.92
We have included overall IOGP benchmark figures (average of onshore and  
offshore for employees and contractors). IOGP benchmark figures for 2021 are not  yet available.
Capricorn TRIR and LTIF statistics can be higher than the IOGP benchmark after only 
one incident or a small number of incidents. This is because our exploration activities are often short in duration, meaning there are relatively few hours worked compared with ongoing production and other long-term operations.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Health and well-being   
is available in our Data Appendix. Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 33  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
2020
2019
2018
20172021
Capricorn total (employees and contractors)
IOGP benchmark0.0
0.0
0.0
0.00.00.24
0.26
0.26
0.270.24Lost Time Injury Frequency (LTIF)
(Lost time injuries per million hours worked)Workplace Health and Well-Being
Staff health and well-being plays an important role 
across our business, and during COVID-19 lockdowns, it was essential to support our people throughout this most difficult time. We ran specific programmes and communications on COVID-19 and to support people’s mental health.
In general, our health and well-being programme in the UK 
helps staff to understand how their lifestyle can affect their health and well-being, explore their values and attitudes and, where appropriate, change their behaviour. Now in its third year, activities have been rolled out globally, with a focus on three areas: Getting Healthy, Maintaining Health and Regaining Health.
We also extended the programme to include financial health 
and gender-specific health sessions delivered by a local general practitioner. We continue to offer the popular  option of an annual assessment for all members of staff,  as well as flu vaccinations and other medical, travel and dental benefits. In addition, our HR staff have completed mental health first aid training to strengthen the support  we provide.
Recognising the impact of social interaction and strong 
working relationships on mental health, we provide staff with opportunities to socialise at a team, functional and Group level. To promote well-being and good mental health during COVID-19 lockdowns, we ran various exercise and yoga sessions, walking challenges, and virtual walks and tours. In addition, a wide variety of workshops, webinars and online sessions were delivered, covering meditation, anxiety, resilience, stress management, financial well-being, understanding change and healthy eating. Exposure to Hazardous Materials
Due to the limited nature of our operational activities in 2021 – mainly environmental assessments and baseline surveys, and the recovery of a wellhead – the potential for exposure to hazardous materials has been low. Nonetheless, we maintain robust requirements for the management of materials hazardous to health and waste in our CRMS, to protect human health and the environment. These requirements include: selecting the least damaging materials wherever possible; conducting risk assessments; providing suitable storage facilities; applying safe handling procedures and training; and ensuring personal protective equipment is used where necessary. Ahead of the Diadem well drilling in 2022, chemicals management planning has already been undertaken alongside the rig contractor. 
We take rigorous steps to ensure our contractors have 
compatible processes and systems to protect their own people. These range from having appropriate exposure detection and protection arrangements in place to running emergency drills. In addition, we require our contractors and other facilities to provide suitable water supplies and wastewater disposal facilities to prevent infection and illness from water-borne or other pathogens, in accordance with our CRMS.
Health, Safety and Well-BeingManaging and Minimising  
Health Risks
We support all staff who may be exposed to health risks 
through their work, minimising the risks through the application of procedures and good industry practice. The main threat remains the risk of exposure to infectious diseases, either where we have assets or during travel to prospective business destinations. In operational locations where endemic diseases such as malaria are prevalent,  we have mechanisms in place to minimise the risk. We remain vigilant to any new or re-emerging epidemics, and continue to remain prepared in the event of a change in  the COVID-19 pandemic.
As part of our Journey Management System, we perform 
risk assessments to identify and reduce health risks before international travel. This includes inoculation and specific country briefings, as well as general advice on basic travel health, natural disasters, security alerts and female traveller security. Our Traveller Health and Security intranet site provides all personnel with safety and security advice and travel management procedures for our countries of operation. Our ongoing efforts to support employees include a travel risk policy, last revised in 2020.
We continued to restrict travel to business-critical trips 
for the majority of 2021. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic restrictions, we supported trips to Mauritania, Egypt and Suriname. Virtual meetings were used where possible during the restrictions, especially when working with the Red List of countries or where restrictions would require compulsory quarantine. Our enhanced risk assessment and mitigation procedures covered pre-, mid- and post-travel scenarios, and included PCR tests for COVID-19 and provisions for emergency evacuation. No infectious cases were recorded  as a result of business travel during the year.
 See Our Response t o COVID-19 on page 9 and Security on  
page 35 for further information about how we’ve kept our  
people safe.
We have included overall IOGP benchmark figures (average of onshore and  
offshore for employees and contractors). IOGP benchmark figures for 2021 are not  yet available.
Capricorn TRIR and LTIF statistics can be higher than the IOGP benchmark after only 
one incident or a small number of incidents. This is because our exploration activities are often short in duration, meaning there are relatively few hours worked compared with ongoing production and other long-term operations.34 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Keeping Our People Safe
Our security measures are balanced with human rights 
considerations and our corporate responsibility, and executed in accordance with international standards, local laws and good industry practice. We ensure strict compliance with the Voluntary Principle on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR).
As a member of the IOGP Security Committee, we remain 
vigilant to emerging threats, act on intelligence from embassies, civil authorities and contractors in both active locations and potential countries of interest, and offer support, advice and training as necessary. 
Updating Our Approach
Security risk assessment is conducted at the earliest possible stage of any new venture or proposed project. Security processes and risk controls are based on a robust analysis  of threats and risks informed by multiple sources, including on-the-ground personnel. 
Travelling employees can access our Journey Management 
System and traveller guides before they travel and while they are away. In operational locations that are deemed to be of medium and high risk, we develop and implement Security Management Plans. These may involve ground security teams to provide safe transit to hotels, airports and meetings or to support access to field locations. In 2021, although no one was injured, a failure to follow proper travel procedure in Egypt led to an investigation, after which we improved new starter briefings.Security
We have a duty of care to our people, assets, 
investments, reputation and data across our operational areas. We need to remain vigilant to emerging threats and offer support, advice and training as necessary. Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒Minimise th
e risk to our workforce from security- 
related threats.
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of adherence to our Health, Safety and Security 
Policy and standards. 
Material Issues
Medium materiality:
 ‒A
ssets Security
 ‒Cyber Secur
ity
 ‒ Offic
e Security
 ‒P
ersonnel Security and Travel 
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Re
viewed our security guidelines against the latest 
ISO standard, and assessed information sources and 
providers to identify potential improvements.
 ‒P
erformed a cyber security audit and held a cyber 
security breach emergency response exercise.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒In
clude security management in a suite of resilience 
processes and controls, in recognition of the need to integrate the security of our personnel, assets and  IT infrastructure. 
 ‒Embed a r
evised travel security, health and emergency 
response contracted service.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Security is available  
in our Data Appendix.We reported no security incidents affecting our staff 
in 2021. However, we did report one incident involving the theft of laptops from our Mexico office. This was thoroughly investigated and additional controls were put in place. In Egypt, we have hired a Health, Safety, Security and Environment (HSSE) Manager and a Security and Emergency Adviser. Both have worked with the Edinburgh team to establish programmes, such as safe driving practices, that ensure the well-being, safety and security of our people. Two emergency exercises were conducted, simulating road traffic accidents involving Capricorn personnel, to ensure the emergency teams know what measures to take. 
Total security incidents (number)
2020
2019
2018
20172021
* Theft of laptops from our Mexico office
** Break-in at staff apartment1*
0.0
0.0
1**0.0Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 35  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Personal Security and Travel
With the impact of COVID-19, we have reviewed and 
revised our travel risk processes and procedures. As a result, we currently conduct meetings via video conference in preference to travelling. However, we recognise the importance of maintaining face-to-face relationships where possible. As the UK Red List of countries under COVID-19 restrictions was reduced, strict travel risk assessments and controls enabled us to conduct multiple trips to Egypt to assist with setting up our Egypt office and recruiting staff. Our global risk management system provides daily safety alerts, allows us to track travellers and provides them with SOS capability should they get into distress. 
Asset and Office Security
Acknowledging that we are the only oil and gas company headquartered in Edinburgh, we constantly review our building security procedures and remind staff of our security housekeeping rules to mitigate the potential threats from groups opposed to the oil and gas industry. We have recently updated our Business Impact Analysis for each department, in both Edinburgh and London, and our UK Business Resilience Plan for communicating across the business.  This overall Business Recovery Plan will be extended to  cover Mexico and Egypt in 2022. Cyber Security
Although we experienced no cyber security breaches of Capricorn systems during 2021, we regularly review our arrangements to ensure our IT infrastructure remains protected from such incidents. We continue to communicate threats, strategies and improvement plans to maintain a holistic and collaborative approach throughout the Group, and we have a dedicated cyber security manager and a 24/7 service partner that continually assess and manage current threats and risks. 
Keeping up with potential threats and taking the necessary 
measures to prevent security breaches and data loss, we continually work with our partners to test our internal and exterior environment. Our IT Security Team has undertaken a number of National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) gap analysis workshops to help us to maintain a high level of cyber security. This is regularly monitored and updated. As part of the gap analysis, we are now embarking on a three-year plan to implement the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, starting in 2022. This will be reviewed and assured annually by a third party.  
To increase awareness and stay on top of security trends, 
we actively participate in several industry bodies, including the IOGP Security Committee, and take guidance from the Information Commissioner’s Office and the GCHQ-run National Cyber Security Centre.
We also conducted a cyber security and response tabletop 
exercise to build awareness of cyber security capability and response measures and requirements, held a briefing and focused discussion, and shared the lessons learned. 
Security
36 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Preventing Major Accidents
Operated Assets
Our industry faces major accident hazards and it is 
important we avoid the risks arising from these hazards, or manage them to a level that is ALARP. This underpins legislation in the UK Continental Shelf (UKCS) and many other jurisdictions, as well as aligning with industry  good practice. 
Our CMAPP captures our position and the arrangements we 
have in place across the Group to address these risks. The mechanisms of control or legislative equivalents it describes are applied to our operated activities around the world. Strengthening our commitment to mitigate the risks and emergency response capability, it is required under the UK Offshore Installations (Offshore Safety Directive) (Safety Case etc) Regulations 2015. 
The CMAPP remained unchanged in 2021 but, as we move 
towards operated production, we will undertake a detailed review of our CMAPP and resource base in 2022 to meet the needs for major accident prevention competency. As part  of planning for the Diadem well in 2022, we also reviewed and refreshed the UK Safety and Environmental Management System.
A CMAPP training module is a fundamental part of our 
training requirement and has been incorporated into our internal training portal, the Capricorn Academy (page 32). 
Non-Operated Assets
Depending on the activity, our equity share of the asset and the regulatory framework under which we operate, we seek to influence our joint venture partners through Operating Committee, Technical Committee and Board meetings. Our ability to influence also hinges on our ongoing collaborative and trusted relationship with partners.
In 2021, we continued to support our partners in preventing 
major accidents on our non-operated assets, primarily in the UK and Egypt. We are also working to increase the level of data provided to us as a non-operating partner, to enable greater scrutiny and reporting in the areas of energy efficiency, emissions, objectives and targets towards net zero.Major Accident 
Prevention
To minimise risks to people and the environment, 
we have put extensive safety measures and procedures in place to avoid accidents across every phase of our activities. Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒A
void or control all major accident risks to ALARP.
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of adherence to policies: Health, Safety and Security, 
Environmental and Climate Change, Major Accident 
Prevention (CMAPP), and People.
Material Issues
High materiality:
 ‒Major A
ccident Prevention
Medium materiality:
 ‒Dec
ommissioning
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Re
viewed and updated our competency procedures in 
relation to HSE and major accident safety. 
 ‒Intr
oduced Crisis Incident Management (CIM) emergency 
incident software and held simulation exercises to 
evaluate its effectiveness.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Suppor
t our CMAPP with the implementation of an OMS, 
bringing all controls of major accident hazards under one management system. 
 ‒Mana
gement visits to operating sites to include major 
accident management where relevant. 
 ‒C
ontinue to focus on major accident hazard 
management in operated activities and influencing partners in non-operated activities.
 ‒A
dopt and implement an industry-leading competence 
management and assurance system for critical competencies.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Accident prevention and 
safety is available in our Data Appendix.What CMAPP Focuses On
 ‒Saf ety leadership and the safety culture within  
our organisation.
 ‒Our go
vernance and management of major 
accident hazards, including safety and 
environmental protection.
 ‒Ho
w our contractors manage and maintain their 
equipment, and prevent major incidents through robust control and maintenance mechanisms. 
 ‒Dem
onstrating and verifying the competency 
required among our staff and contractors.
 ‒C
onducting appropriate training and succession 
planning to maintain that capability. 
 ‒T
ransparent, independent assurance processes 
covering document control, data management  and storage. Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 37  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Major Accident PreventionLife Cycle Management
Capricorn has established controls for activities across the 
oil and gas life cycle. We recognise that, as we move to incorporate a greater level of production into our portfolio, and with the potential to acquire operated production,  we will need to adapt our resources and processes to  meet this challenge. 
In parallel to our strategy of increasing our production base, 
we have reviewed our management systems, which are currently focused on exploration activities. In 2022, we will develop an Operating Management System (OMS), based on the IOGP OMS model, that will ensure our management systems focus equally on all phases of the asset life cycle from exploration, through production and onto decommissioning. 
In 2021, we performed a gap analysis against the IOGP’s 
OMS and identified ways to improve coverage in the areas of production and decommissioning. This was presented to the Board and ExCo, and the way forward was agreed.
Well Engineering Controls and Management
Our reputation for responsible exploration is underpinned  by a rigorous approach to incident prevention. All our  wells adhere to the highest industry standards and international good practice, which require us to use appropriate materials, installation methods and drilling fluids wherever we operate. These enhance drilling performance while ensuring we meet safety demands and minimise our impact on the environment. 
To prevent major accidents arising from well engineering 
and construction, we have built effective design criteria and safety barriers into our programmes and management systems. These are verified through internal and external assurance processes, including the independent assurance of planned well designs. We apply management-of-change procedures for modifications, which may impact the design or operation of a well to ensure we maintain its integrity.   Our wells are designed to comply fully with the requirements of our Well Engineering Management System and our CRMS, and are assured beyond the requirements for the expected geological conditions. 
As part of our major accident controls, we ensure that wells 
are managed throughout the oil and gas life cycle, spanning design, drilling, workover and abandonment. 
Design, Commissioning and Production
With production lasting 40 years or more, safety considerations need to take into account many elements from initial design through to the point at which  production completes.  
Design criteria must consider inherent accident risks, 
requiring the selection of equipment to manage risk to ALARP and to identify the Safety and Environmentally Critical Elements (SECEs) and their operational parameters. Where we are involved in design, we apply these principles irrespective of location. Considerations include the safety and operability of equipment, the commissioning of new plant for handover to operating personnel, establishing operating limits and enabling production to commence.
Normal operations require installations to be maintained, 
and critical maintenance of SECEs and their performance is paramount. Robust preventative maintenance mechanisms are essential to avoid the loss of containment and to maintain safety and environmental protection. As installations age, the risk profiles relating to equipment and their operation change; such maintenance programmes provide vital controls to keep people safe.It is also important to recognise that seeking to acquire operations often means that asset age, design standard, maintenance level and operational safety level will be variable or uncertain. As part of Capricorn’s due diligence process, effectively assessing these risks is central to understanding the viability of such acquisitions, and we use specialists to perform risk assessments. This was the case in late 2020 and 2021 when assessing the acquisition of the Egypt Western Desert assets from Shell. 
Developing an OMS in 2022, and embedding it in 2023, 
will strengthen our management systems in the area of design, engineering and production operations, as well as decommissioning.
Decommissioning 
At the end of the oil and gas life cycle, decommissioning represents a set of safety risks that relate to reverse engineering and making equipment and installations safe. This may also take place in active fields where plant or equipment is replaced or obsolete.  
Safety management in these circumstances is no less 
important than when the installation was operational. It is important to recognise that several simultaneous operations may require compound risks to be assessed, and engineering and operation controls to be implemented in sequence to ensure safety is maintained.
38 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Major Accident PreventionCrisis Management and  
Emergency Response
We focus on prevention but, in the unlikely event a 
significant accident or incident does occur, we maintain a three-tiered crisis and emergency response arrangement that is capable of supporting our activities. 
For a quick and effective tactical response, trained local 
Incident Management Teams (IMTs) are in place in all operational locations. These are supported by Incident Response Teams (IRTs) in our field assets, normally provided by our contractors. 
Depending on local capability, our Crisis and Emergency 
Response Team (CERT) provides strategic and, where required, tactical support to ensure response, recovery and continuity. The CERT Leader can muster on-call specialists to advise key personnel, assist in crisis and emergency management, and prevent escalation in accordance with the priority issues of People, Environment, Assets and Reputation (the PEAR principle). 
Due to COVID-19 restrictions, we were unable to use our 
physical emergency response rooms for much of 2021. However, CERT members have remained ready to respond virtually and still received weekly training and operational briefings covering security, travel, health and emergency response scenarios.
In September 2021, we switched to a hybrid working model –  
a combination of remote and in-person provision – as we began trialling a return to office working, but continue to maintain a seamless emergency response service.
Ongoing Training 
We continued to use an independent crisis and emergency management specialist to develop our scenario-based exercises. Depending on the scenario and scope, these test our readiness to respond to field incidents and assess if the different tiers are able to respond appropriately and effectively should such incidents escalate. The exercises were designed to build knowledge of emergency 
scenarios, test the understanding of our primary response mechanisms and enhance organisational resilience by testing communication routes, facilities and equipment, contingency plans and assumptions. 
During 2021, we held four emergency response exercises 
using our incident management software and other tools. These simulations tested our responses to scenarios such as road traffic accidents and injuries in Egypt, and a cyber security attack on Capricorn. 
We also implemented our new crisis and emergency 
management software, CIM, which is ISO accredited and widely regarded as being best practice in our industry. We conducted remote training to all roles within our CERT ahead of launching CIM in Q1 2021, and its use in simulation exercises has demonstrated its value in managing and recording accident and emergency information more efficiently. 
Managing Oil Spills
We prepare our operations for the low probability of a high-impact event and have robust plans in place to manage such incidents. Oil spill risk is of high concern to stakeholders (see Prioritising Issues on page 17), and we remain committed to applying the IPIECA–IOGP Joint Industry Project
1. We 
continue to maintain our preparedness in relation to understanding local country spill management capabilities, developing oil spill plans, making logistical arrangements for equipment, conducting deployment planning and identifying the capabilities of contractors. 
We remain an associate member of Oil Spill Response 
Limited (OSRL), a specialist organisation that assists operators in responding effectively to oil spills. We also invest heavily in other OSRL memberships to access specialist response equipment and techniques for containment, dispersal and surveillance, including capping systems and their dispersant stockpile. Planning Ahead
We continue to plan for drilling relief wells and deploying caps (where applicable) as options to address a major well-related event. These depend on a range of factors relating to logistics and effectiveness. 
In 2021, we had limited operations, but we continue to look 
ahead towards new programmes. This has included assessing capabilities in locations or entities under our new business and new venture initiatives. Measuring Performance
Zero
spills to sea in 2021
1 Th e IPIECA–IOGP Oil Spill Response Joint Industry Project (OSR–JIP) was set up to 
implement learning opportunities in respect of oil spill preparedness and response 
following the April 2010 well control incident in the Gulf of Mexico. As part of this effort, the OSR–JIP has produced more than 20 good practice guides. IPIECA is the global oil and gas industry association for environmental and social issues.39 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Employees and Contractors 
To support the delivery of our operational projects, we 
supplement our core staff resources with experienced consultants and contractors, and continue to employ a contract accountable manager for every contract.
Capricorn procures a substantial amount of goods and 
services from employee contractors and third-party contractors, so our relationships with them are fundamental to our success, including the responsible delivery of projects. We continue to rely on high-quality and competitively priced suppliers for much of the technical expertise, equipment and services needed to maintain our operational capability.
As part of a wider assessment of Capricorn Operating 
Standards (COS) and processes, we undertook a review of our contracting and tendering process. While we made no significant changes, we did enhance certain areas such as how we assess national content and energy efficiency in our tender process (see page 41).
The annual average number of field contractors in 2021 
was 33 people, which is 12% of the total workforce and 5% of hours worked. Our use of contractors during the year focused on: 
 ‒e
xploration and site survey work, as well as securing rig 
equipment and procuring drilling services, in support  of drilling the Diadem exploration well in the North Sea  in Q2 2022;
 ‒geoph
ysical and geotechnical surveys in the East  
Orkney basin;
 ‒assessin
g contract tenders for seismic reprocessing 
and environmental baseline survey work for Block C7 in Mauritania; and
 ‒ establishin
g an office in Egypt; contracting for seismic 
surveys and well drilling will start by early 2022 as activities ramp up.Contractors and 
Supply Chain
A significant proportion of our workforce is 
made up of high-quality contractors, who play a critical role in our business activities. Building strong working relationships with contractors who share and deliver on the principles and standards we support is crucial to our  ongoing success.Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒Ensur
e delivery of Capricorn standards for all services  
and goods we procure.
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of adherence to all Capricorn policies and standards.
Material Issues
Medium materiality:
 ‒C
ontractor Selection, Capacity and Leadership
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Re
vised our contractor assessment criteria in relation  
to emissions, energy efficiency objectives and our net 
zero targets. 
 ‒Set impr
oved contractor HSE leadership expectations, 
including revised KPIs for forthcoming projects.
 ‒Align
ed our scoring mechanism for contractor HSE 
evaluations with IOGP methodologies.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒ Re
view the HSSE and energy efficiency of our contractor 
tendering and management processes.
 ‒V
isit contractor-managed sites to address safety culture 
and practices.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Contractors is available  
in our Data Appendix. Operationally, some of this work was impacted by logistic 
challenges caused by COVID-19 restrictions, with testing and self-isolation needed in some instances to adhere to the rules and procedures of vessel owners in various jurisdictions. However, all activities planned in 2021 were conducted successfully without incident.
Total national and non-national third party contractors (%)
The roll-out of IR35, the off-payroll rules on tax and 
National Insurance contributions that apply to UK contractors, was delayed until April 2021 due to COVID-19. However, Capricorn was compliant with the increased regulations when they were introduced, as we already use a managed engagement service and an assessment tool to determine the status of each consultancy and contractor company.2020
2019
2018
20172021
48
54 4652
67 33
80 20
19 81
National Non-nationalOverview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 40  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
In reviewing our HSE tendering processes in 2021, 
one strategic goal was to drive energy efficiency and reduced emissions throughout the supply chain, with an initial focus on operated activities. We included energy efficiency and emissions as a differentiating factor in selecting contractors for drilling, marine and aviation services. 
Average greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions were 
calculated for the activity to be undertaken, based on data supplied by contractors, and those with emissions greater than 10% above the average  were removed from the tendering process. As  well as numerical criteria, contractors are now also asked for their energy transition strategies as part  of all tenders. 
This method was used when contracting vessels for 
the geotechnical and geophysical surveys for both the Diadem and East Orkney basin projects. It was also used in selecting the drilling contractor and aviation service provider for the Diadem project. 
We will continue to drive down our own emissions 
towards our net zero target, as well as sending a strong message to our supply chain that we expect the same from our contractors. In 2022, we will enhance our GHG emissions reporting to Scope 3 emissions from our contracted activities.  
Contractors and Supply ChainContractor Selection
Contractor performance impacts our licence to operate, so 
effective selection, strong working relationships and good performance are essential. 
All contractors are selected on their experience, service 
capability, competence and competitiveness. When evaluating tenders, we require them to use management systems and ways of working that meet our Code of  Ethics, policies, procedures, principles and standards,  where applicable. 
We have improved our scrutiny of key equipment providers 
in terms of environmental performance as part of the tendering process. We implemented the assessment of the energy efficiency of vessels, rigs and helicopters, fuel use management and overall project footprints as differentiators in our selection process during 2021. We will also be considering ways of managing them during operational drilling to help us to reduce overall emissions from the perspective of both project design and operational implementation. We will compare projected to actual emissions and seek improvements as part of our ‘lessons learned’ approach.
 See p age 19 for more information on Energy Efficiency.
 Re ad about how we address requirements for using local and 
national contractors on page 50. Pre-Qualification Tools
We use specialist pre-qualification services in some jurisdictions to identify pre-approved vendors and examine their performance prior to tendering. 
For many UK projects, we use the Achilles Oil and Gas 
Europe platform to get performance data about potential contractors across the European oil and gas market. With a new well in the North Sea scheduled for 2022, we have started the long-lead tendering process and contracting  for pre-work.
We helped the non-profit organisation Invest in Africa (IIA) 
to develop a similar system – the African Partner Pool – in Senegal, through which local SMEs can tender for oil and  gas industry projects, and promote their goods and services. In 2021, we started discussions with IIA about supporting  our need to source contractors in Mauritania, where IIA  also operates. 
The Tender Process
When we initiate a tender for our operated activities, we engage with contractors we believe have the appropriate technical, HSE and sustainability credentials. As well as preparing invitation-to-tender documents, prospective contractors must conform with our Code of Ethics and complete an HSE sustainability questionnaire on working together in a contract environment. Based on IOGP recommendations, the questionnaire is tailored to the project and services required. 
All selected contractors must demonstrate a minimum level 
of competence in all aspects of HSE management. Those not meeting these requirements, even after follow-up requests, are eliminated from the evaluation process.
The scores, along with any supporting documentation, 
inform the scope of any follow-up activities required, including acceptance and assurance audits of project-critical vendors. This information may highlight areas to address when setting up bridging arrangements prior to commencing work. We reviewed the environmental element of our HSE sustainability questionnaire in 2021 to further improve the energy-efficiency performance of drilling rigs, marine vessels and aviation. Energy efficiency and emissions are increasingly important as a point of differentiation, and are now included in the tender evaluation process for site surveys, well testing and site vessels. We also consider a ‘carbon cost of ownership’ in our overall project assessments, although not specifically as part of the tendering process.
Integrated Contractor Audit Plans
So that all our activities conform to our management systems, our COS and the CRMS, we use an integrated contractor and supply chain audit plan. This identifies corporate and operational risks, and helps us to develop an assurance and audit programme to demonstrate that effective controls are in place across systems and processes, as well as on individual rigs and vessels. 
We use independent audits for some critical steps, including 
the management of major accident hazards. Improvements in quality assurance (QA) and quality control (QC) measures have been implemented, including strengthening QA/QC plans early in the project as part of our updated PDP. We have also established and rolled out a set of KPIs to support discussions with long-lead contractors.
No formal audits were necessary for contract management 
on operated projects during 2021, but we continue to assess HSE as part of our tender evaluations. Case Study
Contractor  
Selection and 
Energy Efficiency41 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Contractors and Supply ChainManaging Contractors and Suppliers
As we move into higher-risk countries in terms of human 
rights and modern slavery, as well as bribery and corruption, the need to undertake a more in-depth approach to due diligence increases. This is not just among our direct suppliers but also further down our supply chain.
Ethics and Anti-Bribery and Corruption (ABC)
We need our contractors and suppliers to share our commitments as they appear in the Code of Ethics and  to work in a manner that meets our standards. This helps  to protect people, communities, the environment and  our reputation. 
Our approach to evaluating contractor tenders includes 
an anti-bribery assessment, and we conduct risk-based due diligence when selecting contractors. During our 2021 activities, we continued to undertake these assessments  of suppliers as part of the contracting process.
Human Rights and Forced Labour 
Under the provision of the UK Modern Slavery Act, we scrutinise our supply chain to avoid modern slavery. We have added appropriate clauses on modern slavery into all our vendor contracts to ensure contractors understand their legal obligations and our requirements. 
We challenge our contractors to demonstrate that 
appropriate measures are in place, and we audited the application of these measures in our PDP for selected projects in 2021. The key finding was to deepen the modern slavery auditing of our principal contractors in 2022. 
 See our Modern Slavery Statement online.Data Protection
In compliance with EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) legislation, we document the processing of personal data, by both Capricorn and third parties on our behalf, and publish revised privacy notices for greater transparency. In addition, mandatory training has been delivered through the Capricorn Academy, while a Data Privacy Coordinator supports the Group in complying with GDPR and internal risk governance. 
In our COS, we set out in detail the process through which 
data privacy assessments are undertaken. If the service being procured involves the processing of personal data by a contractor on our behalf, robust due diligence must be undertaken to ensure compliance with relevant data protection legislation, such as GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018. Data protection requirements should  be included in the invitation to tender, with a review conducted by the Data Privacy Coordinator. A full Data Protection Impact Assessment and Cyber Assessment, as well as a site visit, may be required prior to contracts being finalised to confirm the contractor can meet their data protection obligations.
In addition, GDPR introduced a legal requirement that a 
written contract containing several mandatory contractual clauses must be in place before a third party undertakes any processing of personal data on Capricorn’s behalf. These bespoke clauses, which set out the responsibilities and liabilities of both parties and ensure the rights of individuals whose personal data is being processed, are incorporated into every contract.
42 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Society
We seek to make a positive difference to society, 
investing in efforts to support economic and community development. At the same time, we recognise that we must manage and mitigate any potential risks and impacts associated with our activities to support the communities that may be affected by our operations. Respecting and protecting human rights across our operations is  a fundamental part of our integrated approach.43 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Identifying and Assessing  
Human Rights Issues
Respecting human rights is a fundamental part of our 
commitment to protect both our business and our stakeholders. We seek to ensure that we are not complicit in human rights abuses by identifying, assessing and managing human rights risks within our sphere of influence. We have also put mechanisms in place for raising and addressing grievances. Furthermore, we include human rights requirements in contracts and look at vulnerabilities including modern slavery across our supply chain.
To ensure human rights are respected and promoted in 
our relationship with contractors, communities and other stakeholders, we seek to fully comply with international standards such as the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights across our business.Protecting 
Human Rights 
We respect everyone who works for or with 
us, as well as those whose lives we impact, in accordance with internationally recognised standards such as the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights. We are committed to providing safe working conditions, equal treatment and fair reward for the efforts of our workforce, and have processes in place to maintain effective relationships with employees, communities and other stakeholders.Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒Dem
onstrate respect to all who work for and with us. 
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of adherence to policies: Code of Ethics; People; 
Social Responsibility; Environmental and Climate Change; 
Health, Safety and Security; Major Accident Prevention.
Material Issues
Medium materiality:
 ‒Anti-Discr
imination (Beyond Employees)
 ‒F
reedom of Association
 ‒Gr
ievances and Grievance Mechanisms
 ‒Human Rights Mana
gement
 ‒Moder
n Slavery
 ‒Secur
ity and Human Rights
 ‒W
orking Conditions/T&Cs
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Applied human r
ights guidance in planned operations, 
including the availability of transparent grievance 
procedures.
 ‒Deliv
ered a specialist-run, in-house human rights ‘lunch 
and learn’ session for all staff.
 ‒Rolled out human r
ights and modern slavery training  
to employees.
 ‒A
udited the application of modern slavery prevention 
requirements in selected projects.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Dem
onstrate human rights guidance application across 
operated activity.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Human rights  
is available in our Data Appendix.Measuring Performance
94%
of employees trained on human rights  
policies and procedures  Our Human Rights Policies and Guidelines
Our Human Rights Guidelines define how we identify, assess 
and manage potential issues at key project stages. This document adopts a ‘rights aware’ approach, which means we recognise the human rights of the people we affect and are affected by, and manage them appropriately. 
Our five-step process for identifying and assessing 
human rights issues at all levels of the business has been incorporated into our Corporate Responsibility Management System (CRMS) documentation (see page 60). 
Meanwhile, our position on human and labour rights is 
integrated into our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy and our Code of Ethics (see page 56), both of which were revised in late 2021. This was informed by the UN Guiding Principles, the International Finance Corporation (IFC) Performance Standards and the ISO 26000 Guidance for Social Responsibility, as well as the UN Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights and their implementation guidelines.
Human Rights Training
We updated our training and rolled out revised e-learning modules through the Capricorn Academy in November 2021. The human rights and modern slavery modules were completed by 198 people by the end of the year.
In January 2022, we held a human rights ‘lunch and learn’ 
session, delayed from 2020 due to COVID-19 considerations. Run by specialists from the Institute of Human Rights and Business, the session informed participants – both employees and consultants – about the human rights situation across the industry, and included country case studies and how they could be applied by Capricorn. Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 44  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Modern Slavery
We have a zero-tolerance approach to modern slavery and 
human trafficking, which has become a significant global issue. We do not employ forced, bonded or child labour, and take all reasonable steps to ensure that slavery, in all its different forms, does not exist in any part of our business or supply chain. We have published and updated our Modern Slavery Statement, and rolled out refresher training to employees and contractors as an e-learning module. 
Our procedure for selecting service providers incorporates 
modern slavery assessments. Using an approach similar to that of our anti-bribery and corruption (ABC) management system (page 56), we have assessed our supply chain to identify potential risks and vulnerabilities to modern slavery. We tend to use specialist international and local contractors, with well-developed employment practices, that understand our requirements and standards. However, our suppliers often have subcontractors of their own so, while our influence diminishes down the supply chain, we use our leverage to advocate good employment practices, address non-discriminatory behaviour and prevent child labour. 
Our tender process includes specific questions about 
whether potential contractors, vendors and suppliers  have modern slavery policies and procedures. These assessments form part of our health, safety and environment (HSE) start-up audits, with checks conducted at a local and corporate level.The standard terms and conditions (T&Cs) within our contracts specify zero tolerance of modern slavery among suppliers and subcontracting parties, and include our right to audit. All tenderers receive our Code of Ethics and must agree to abide by it. Our CSR Policy, which is included in all contracts, encompasses our human rights commitments.
During 2021, we engaged with contractors operating in 
the UK, Egypt and Mauritania on our behalf and found no significant risks of forced or compulsory labour in our supply chain. We also assessed our modern slavery processes as part of our CRMS application audit in selected projects, and will start a programme of audits of principal contractors in 2022 to address this finding.  
 Re ad about our new risk management software on page 61.
Protecting Human Rights
45 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Security and Human Rights
Operating in complex and challenging security 
environments, we recognise the need to maintain safe and secure operations, using an operating framework that ensures respect for people’s human rights while recognising the duties of governments to protect them.
As standard, 100% of our operations are subject to human 
rights reviews in tenders, and we perform human rights and modern slavery risk assessments across the life cycle of our activities. Where we employ security contractors under our control (including subcontractors), they are assessed on their adherence to our requirements; this includes their application of the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights and good industry practice. We also adhere to the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers  (IOGP) standards on guard forces. Effective selection of security contractors, strong working relationships and  good performance protect people and communities,  helping us to maintain good stakeholder relations and  our licence to operate.
Before we enter a new country as an operator, we apply 
human rights screening as part of our due diligence process. We review key indicators under international classification indices, such as the Global Slavery Index and the US Trafficking in Persons Report, as well as researching the risk arising using specialist geopolitical advisers. We assess potential impacts through Environmental and Social Impact Assessments (ESIAs) and, where necessary, undertake Human Rights Impact Assessments as part of our ‘rights aware’ approach. If any current or potential issues are identified, we engage with those affected to consider how best to manage them. Prior to proceeding with a non-operated joint venture, we check any human rights issues and identify any risks that may require management by the operator.
Working Conditions
We require a positive working environment that respects an individual’s personal dignity and rights, and that is free from discrimination, harassment and bullying.
Our People Management Manual contains our Group People 
Policy and all employee-related policies and procedures. It outlines our requirements for recruitment and selection, diversity and inclusion, health and well-being, work–life balance, training and benefits. We expect our contractors  to have similar arrangements in place.
Freedom of Association 
We continue to consult our people on organisational and performance issues, and respect contracted employees and their membership of unions. We have identified specific risks and requirements in relation to unions in certain locations, such as Mexico, and deal transparently in this area, respecting their right to freedom of association and collective bargaining.
 See P eople on page 34 for more information about our response 
to COVID-19, and read more about our Contractors and Supply 
Chain on page 40.Grievances and Grievance 
Mechanisms
We take grievances from employees or external stakeholders 
very seriously. During operational activities, grievance mechanisms enable external individuals and community representatives to address any concerns or report non-compliance with legal requirements and company policy, including modern slavery issues. We provide grievance mechanisms in local languages, and tailor them to ensure they are culturally appropriate and accessible, depending on the location of operation. Feedback from grievances can be important in informing future stakeholder engagement and Social Management Plans (SMPs). In preparation for our Environmental Baseline Survey in Mauritania (see page 23), we established a grievance mechanism and communicated it to local stakeholders. 
For employees, our Group Whistleblowing Procedure covers 
our responsibilities, the safeguards we have in place, the mechanisms for raising concerns and the investigation process, and is supported by training. External mechanisms for reporting concerns are also available, such as the  Protect advice service, the Gangmasters & Labour Abuse Authority and the Modern Slavery & Exploitation Helpline – all in the UK.
In 2021 we received one grievance relating to our survey 
operations offshore UK. This was received in December 2021, and rejected and closed in January 2022.  
Protecting Human Rights
46 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Social Investment
To deliver value from our operations, make a positive 
social impact wherever we work and minimise any negative impacts associated with our activities, we support the development of local community programmes in consultation with governments, the public and other stakeholders. As well as stakeholder engagement at  a community level (page 51), our social investment  strategy is informed by targeted Social Needs Assessments where appropriate.
We have recently updated our approach and, in particular, 
the criteria under which we select social investment projects. We identified four priority areas, informed by the IPIECA
1 
roadmap for the oil and gas sector: 
 ‒c
ommunity health;
 ‒ c
ommunity economic and environmental benefit;
 ‒c
ommunity protection and climate adaptation; and 
 ‒education an
d innovation.
As well as underpinning the priorities in our sustainability strategy, the criteria are aligned with the UN SDGs  (page 15). These provide an additional framework for understanding environmental, social and governance  (ESG) risks and opportunities, and for developing Impact Benefit Plans – which contain social investment plans –  for each major project.   
We use a comparative assessment tool for screening 
potential projects. This looks at a number of significant elements beyond community benefit, such as linkages to climate-related issues (potential offsetting, water stress prevention); the potential for greater scale and impact through partnerships; and the financial sustainability of the project in question.
We also use a range of KPIs for each priority area to 
demonstrate:  
 ‒ inputs (e.
g. financial value of community investments, 
cash and in-kind contributions, hours of employee volunteering, etc); 
 ‒initial outputs (e.
g. people trained or reached, 
organisations supported, hectares restored, etc); and Delivering Social 
and Economic Benefits 
We want our operations to have a positive impact 
on society and take a long-term approach to social investment (SI). We promote good practice, support a range of international agreements and standards, support capacity building in the communities where we operate and seek to contribute to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of adherence to health, safety, environment and 
security policies.
Material Issues
High materiality:
 ‒L
ocal Content and Local Procurement
Medium materiality:
 ‒Dem
onstrating Value Created
 ‒L
ocal Energy Access
 ‒L
ocal Hiring Practices
 ‒L
ocal Workforce Development
 ‒Social In
vestment
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒A
greed, established and tracked social investment across 
the Group to positively impact the communities with 
which we work.
 ‒Re
viewed and revised the criteria for selecting and 
assessing social investment projects, improved alignment to the UN SDGs and developed an assessment tool.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Scr
een all social investment projects against Capricorn  
SI criteria using an assessment tool.
 ‒F
urther develop the Group SI framework and guidance.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Social and economic 
benefit is available in our Data Appendix. ‒lon ger-term outcomes (e.g. greater access to energy  
or clean water, improved food security, higher  
incomes, etc). 
Capricorn has a long history of supporting local communities through social investment initiatives. In India, our rural development programme in Rajasthan (see page 50) contributed to improvements in infrastructure, health, education and trading prospects, while in Senegal, our US$1.1 million social investment expenditure supported local entrepreneurship, capacity building in the emerging oil and gas industry, and social and economic development in coastal fishing villages.
Supporting Research Into Clean Energy 
Capricorn has pledged £300,000 over three years to a scholarship programme at Edinburgh’s Heriot-Watt University (HWU), to promote geoscience training and research into the transition to low-carbon energy. For the 2021–22 academic year, a second cohort of three students on the Master of Science (MSc) in Subsurface Energy Systems (SES) programme – Jamal Gill, Nikki Morris and Wonu Olanrewaju – received scholarships. A final intake of scholarship recipients will begin in September 2022. 
In addition, the Capricorn Clean Energy Prize goes to the 
student with the best clean energy-focused geoscience project, from any part of the university. In 2021, the £500 prize was awarded to Bryan Magwood, whose winning MSc dissertation researched the deep geothermal potential of Northern Ireland.
Capricorn has also provided £160,000 of support for 
the Centre of Doctoral Training’s (CDT’s) GeoNetZero programme. The CDT is an HWU-led partnership of 12 UK universities undertaking PhD research into the role geoscience plays in the transition to low-carbon energy and net zero emissions. This follows previous donations of £240,000, which helped to develop and deliver the training programme established for the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC) CDT in Oil & Gas.
 Re ad more about our energy transition strategy on page 54. 
1 IP IECA/WBCSD 2021, Accelerating action: An SDG Roadmap for the oil and gas sector.Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 47  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Social Investment Projects
Country Category Primary UN SDGs Project 2021 Investment Partnerships
Suriname Community economic  
and environmental benefit 
Education and innovationFunding for IT equipment 
and office suppliesUS$56,000 Community Hub, Coronie
Suriname Community protection  and climate adaptation 
Education and innovation  Mangrove rehabilitation 
projectUS$150,000 Anton de Kom University of Suriname
Mexico Community health
Donation to NGO  dedicated to improving health in MexicoUS$50,000 Fundación Mexicana para la Salud (FUNSALUD) 
Mexico Community economic  and environmental benefit 
Education and innovation
  Donation of vehicle and 
associated fuel to support turtle conservation project US$12,000 Vida Milenaria
Mexico Education and innovation
  Delivery of a training module at national university in Mexico City as part of annual technology transfer programme US$30,000 Universidad Nacional Autónoma  de México 
UK Education and innovation
  Scholarship programme with Edinburgh-based university focused on  clean energy£100,000 Heriot-Watt University
UK Multiple
  Donations to charitable institutions in Scotland£250,000 Multiple charities  and NGOs
Delivering Social and Economic BenefitsCase Study
Social Investment  
in SurinameIn Suriname, we support a number of social investment 
projects, in conjunction with the state oil company Staatsolie. Under a Production Sharing Contract (PSC), we have committed to spend US$100,000 per calendar year on local social responsibility, community investment programmes or training for each phase of the project.
Having previously invested in much-needed IT and office 
equipment at the Institute for Natural Resources and Engineering Studies in the capital, Paramaribo, we are now assisting a community hub in the district of Coronie in the same way. The hub provides local students with a place to study, complete homework and improve their IT skills. Delivery of the equipment is scheduled for March 2022.
Through an agreement with Suriname’s Anton de Kom 
University, we are engaged in the second phase of a mangrove rehabilitation project, designed to protect a section of coastline just north of Paramaribo that is particularly at risk from rising sea levels and erosion. Semi-permeable sediment trapping units (STUs) enable mangroves to be re-established, further stabilising coastal land and supporting biodiversity. The first phase of the project, completed towards the end of 2021, involved the provision  
of STUs and the development of the site’s nursery facilities.  
The second phase of this work with the university is being 
conducted in collaboration with an in-country international oil company. Together, we have committed to invest around US$150,000 over the next two years. The construction of further STUs is planned for this phase. The first instalment of phase 2, made in January 2022, will fund an air boat to move the building materials from the shore to the water, making STU construction more efficient. We will also support the project with remote sensing data and satellite imagery to monitor the rehabilitation over time, and help inform decisions about future mangrove planting. 
Both projects were visited by a small team from Capricorn  
in December 2021.
In Egypt, we are looking to establish social investment plans that support local and national priorities. These include Egypt Vision 2030, a national 
sustainable development strategy targeting a better life for all Egyptians by the end of the decade. In October 2021, we held an Egypt social investment workshop alongside our consortium partner Cheiron and Shell, from whom we purchased our Egyptian assets. The aim of the workshop was to gain an understanding of local context and current and historic social investment in the areas surrounding our concessions.  The outcomes of this session have been invaluable in our SI planning in Egypt. 
We have also commissioned two Social Needs Assessments (SNAs) across our two operated blocks, West El Fayoum and South East Horus,  
which will see our first operated activity in Egypt. These SNAs will help to inform our social investment strategies.48
 C
apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Case Study
Investing in 
Scotland’s Children In 2006, Capricorn’s founder created Winning Scotland, a 
charity dedicated to building young people’s confidence by working with those who have the greatest everyday influence: teachers, parents and caregivers. Capricorn is proud to continue with this support. 
Winning Scotland works with schools to encourage 
a growth mindset, where people believe success is determined by effort and skills development rather than innate talent. The Mindset Teams initiative supports teachers to embed this approach over a 12-month period. Around 500 teachers were supported in 2021, with 97% believing it will make them better at their job and 90% saying it improved student–teacher relationships. 
As COVID-19 restrictions eased in 2021 and schools 
reopened, Winning Scotland developed ‘Limitless Learning’ to fast-track growth mindset development. Six e-modules, each with a live online seminar, guided teachers on how to support students returning to the classroom. Between January and June 2021, 61 teachers participated in a numeracy-focused pilot, with 100% feeling it improved  their knowledge.   
Following its success in Iceland, Winning Scotland has 
introduced the ‘Planet Youth’ programme to Scotland, starting in 13 secondary schools with 2,000 students. The project aims to identify what is needed to keep children safe, healthy and happy in their communities. By listening to teenagers, steps can be taken to prevent risky behaviours like drinking and smoking, while helping families spend more time together and engage with their local community. 
Capricorn has been Winning Scotland’s biggest supporter 
for 15 years and throughout 2021, we maintained this position, helping make a difference for children during  a time of great need. 
Social Management 
In accordance with our CRMS, we evaluate the potential social benefits, risks and impacts of any major activity. The scope and nature of such Social Impact Assessments (SIAs) depend on local context and regulations. An SIA usually forms part of an ESIA given the environmental and social interdependencies. These are sometimes separated as  a legislative requirement.  
In 2021, we commissioned two SIAs across two of our 
operated blocks in Egypt in which we are due to conduct seismic surveys in 2022. Working with an Egyptian social management consultancy, these assessments will help us to understand local community concerns, needs and opportunities to support them. We are also undertaking early preparatory work for a potential ESIA in Mauritania  in 2022.
As part of the SIA process, we develop an SMP for each 
project to avoid or mitigate any negative impacts and enhance the positive benefits identified. In this way, we can assess and track the benefits and impacts together, with the aim of providing a positive overall benefit. Monitoring implementation of SMPs is an important part of these plans.  In Mexico, we are required to report annually to the Secretaría de Energía (SENER), the Mexican Department  of Energy, to demonstrate the implementation of our SMP. Due to its closure at the start of the pandemic, our 2019 and 2020 reports could only be submitted when SENER reopened in late 2021.
Local Workforce Development
Wherever we work, we seek to maximise employment opportunities for the national and regional population.  
Our PSC in Mexico specifies that we must undertake a 
technology transfer programme. As part of that, in August 2021, we offered a one-week intensive course on the petroleum system at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma  de México in Mexico City. This was delivered remotely to  25 students by Professors Andrew Aplin and Andrew  Pepper. Plans to offer an additional module next year  are being explored.
Delivering Social and Economic Benefits49 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Local Procurement and Local Content
We encourage our principal contractors to engage 
local personnel, where appropriate skills and services exist. In Mexico, for example, the vast majority of the partner companies that Capricorn engages with are local organisations, although the level of contracting has reduced in line with our operated activity in-country. 
In line with the Capricorn Operating Standards, we have set 
out a comprehensive process through which the ‘national content’ of received tender submissions is assessed. Where applicable, contractors are required to confirm that they,  and any subcontractors, will comply with the required minimum percentage of national content and associated reporting requirements.
The categorisation of local, national and international 
vendors depends on the definitions used within local legislation. In Suriname, for example, we sit on a joint working group with Staatsolie, the national oil company,  and receive guidance on national content. 
Meanwhile, in Mexico, the methodology is based on a 
framework underpinning national content, which is mandatory by law. Under our PSC with the Mexican National Hydrocarbons Commission (CNH)
2, each of our key contracts 
contains a percentage target for local content. This is assessed during the tender process, and is monitored  and reported against during each phase of the contract.
Beyond having a contract with a Mexican company, we need 
to understand the nationality of its personnel and whether the equipment and materials used are also of Mexican origin. Our selection process uses an electronic platform – EY’s SIGA-C system – for capturing, managing and reporting on spend against specific categories and criteria. We are also required to obtain an annual certification from each supplier confirming the level of national content achieved.
Local Energy Access
We understand that we have a role to play in supporting countries’ rights to affordable and clean energy while considering climate action. We have a history of contributing to energy security for host nations through the responsible production of hydrocarbons, such as our legacy projects  in India.
Our Legacy in India 
Capricorn has enjoyed a long and successful history operating in India, investing billions of dollars, bringing employment and benefiting local communities. The business we created in India has generated more than US$20 billion in revenues for the Indian Government, and played an active role in helping to build the country’s domestic oil industry and in working to enhance its  energy security. 
In the 1990s, we helped to transform the Ravva oil and gas 
field along India’s eastern coast, which increased from 3,000 barrels of oil per day (bopd) when Capricorn took over operatorship to 50,000 bopd just 18 months later. Then, in 2004, we made a large onshore discovery – the Mangala oilfield – which, with additional discoveries nearby, have gross reserves of approximately 2.2 billion boe
3. 
In a nation facing rapid economic growth and increasing energy demands, these fields helped to create a world-class oil province in Rajasthan, which remains crucial to India’s 
Delivering Social and Economic Benefitsdevelopment. As well as creating thousands of skilled jobs, these discoveries stimulated growth in other sectors and generated revenues of more than £14.5 billion for the state and national governments. 
During our 20-year investment in India, Capricorn has been 
a model corporate citizen and created a legacy that serves as an example of what can be achieved through partnerships and direct overseas investment. Many of our activities have also contributed to the UN SDGs, including:  
 ‒a r
ainwater harvesting system, able to store more than  
10 million litres of drinking water;
 ‒a m
obile health van, serving remote local communities;
 ‒an ent
erprise centre that has trained more than  
3,000 people in business skills; 
 ‒a dair
y development project, offering 900 dairy farmers  
a market to sell surplus milk; and
 ‒e
xtensive subsurface studies to identify freshwater 
reservoirs.
2   C omisión Nacional de Hidrocarburos
3
   b
arrels of oil equivalent50 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Local Community Stakeholders
We aim to enhance the benefits of our community 
development activities by understanding and addressing the needs, aspirations and concerns of the communities  in which we work. 
We consult with local stakeholders to identify any potential 
impacts associated with our activities and to provide us  with local knowledge to inform any future action plans.  This enables us to minimise risks, maximise shared economic and social benefits, and foster long-lasting relationships with community partners, governments, investors and employees. 
Stakeholder engagement will be a key part of our operated 
exploration activity in Egypt in 2022. We are developing stakeholder engagement plans to support the planned seismic acquisition activity; these will require extensive dialogue with local communities around issues such as  land access and compensation.
We are also using targeted stakeholder engagement to 
support our early-stage activity in Mauritania. To support the Environmental Baseline Survey (EBS) and any future activity, we have communicated with key local community stakeholders such as local fishing representatives. We have shared material with them to explain the project and provided details of our grievance procedures should they have any concerns.
Community Health
Even though many of our assets are located offshore, we recognise our activities can affect local people to some extent. For example, by excluding other vessels from the waters close to our drilling rigs on occasion, our activities  can impact local fishermen. Community 
Engagement 
We aim to mitigate the possible impacts 
and enhance the benefits of our community development activities by understanding the concerns of the communities in which we work, and working to meet their needs and aspirations. Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of adherence to health, safety, environment and 
security policies.
Material Issues
High materiality:
 ‒In
digenous Peoples’ Rights
Medium materiality:
 ‒C
ommunity Health
 ‒C
ultural Heritage
 ‒E
conomic or Physical Displacement
 ‒L
ocal Community Stakeholders
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Applied stak
eholder engagement registers to 
forthcoming projects and demonstrated that stakeholder 
engagement follows our latest guidance.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Dem
onstrate stakeholder engagement follows  
Group guidance.
 ‒Dem
onstrate cultural heritage concerns are taken  
into account in Egypt activity.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Community 
engagement is available in our Data Appendix.Our activities may also utilise existing infrastructure and 
services, restricting access for local communities and businesses. In such instances, we share our plans with local community representatives, invite feedback on the issues that affect them and find ways to minimise disruption to those communities. We also use grievance mechanisms (page 46) to ensure local people have the means to communicate any concerns to us.
 Re ad more about Stakeholder engagement on page 62.
Indigenous People and Cultural Heritage
In recent years, most of our activities have been conducted offshore, with limited impacts onshore. However, we look to address potential impacts on other marine users and around our shore bases. Where indigenous peoples are involved, we work on the principle of Free, Prior and Informed Consent in terms of significant works as part of our ‘rights aware’ approach. We are revisiting our guidance in 2022 to ensure it is up to date, and we follow latest and best practice in our locations if needed. 
In Egypt, our operated exploration concessions are onshore. 
Communities of local inhabitants, antiquities and artefacts of cultural significance will be major considerations in how we approach our stakeholder engagement work and operational activity. We are preparing SIAs and stakeholder engagement plans for our first operated activity – seismic acquisition in 2022. We are working with local third-party experts to support us in this work.
In Mauritania, our offshore block is located close to the 
borders of the Parc National du Banc d’Arguin, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Engagement with local communities of Imraguen people, an artisanal fishing community located within this park, forms a key part of our early, in-country stakeholder engagement (see the case study on page 52).Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 51  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Case Study
Stakeholder 
Engagement in Mauritania As we plan for our first operated activity in Mauritania, 
stakeholder engagement with local communities and organisations is front of mind. To inform this dialogue, in early 2021 we commissioned a third-party specialist to deliver a stakeholder-scoping report. 
This report examined considerations including the 
socio-economic context of Mauritania, the concerns and priorities of key stakeholders, and the history of engagement with the oil and gas sector. It also looked in detail at some of the key facets of the stakeholder landscape in Mauritania, such as the significant environmental and biodiversity importance offshore; the UNESCO-protected World Heritage Site of Parc National du Banc d’Arguin and its local communities of Imraguen people; and the importance of the fishing industry to the national economy.
Combined with engagement with our peers and with 
government and authority bodies in-country, it has been instrumental in helping us to engage with stakeholders around the EBS, which commenced in January 2022.  
Having presented our proposed Stakeholder Engagement 
Plan for government feedback, we sought to engage with key NGOs and representatives of the local fishing communities. Information about the grievance mechanism established to support the EBS activity was shared through information leaflets provided in both French and Arabic.
Community EngagementSociety Governance People Environment Our Strategy Overview 52  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Governance
Delivering on our strategy, achieving our 
objectives and creating long-term value for our shareholders require robust, transparent corporate governance. We protect our business against existing and emerging risks through comprehensive policies and management systems, underpinned by our core values,  Business Principles, Standard Operating Procedures and Corporate Responsibility Management System (CRMS). 53 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
TCFD Reporting
Capricorn Energy supports the recommendations of the 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), established by the Financial Stability Board to improve the reporting of climate-related risks and opportunities. We continue to develop good practices and standards for transparency in line with TCFD recommendations. See pages 18–23 of our Annual Report for our full TCFD disclosure.
Governance
Addressing climate-related risks is a top priority for Capricorn. Sustainability considerations are now a standing Board agenda item, as well as an important key performance indicator (KPI) in determining our Management Variable Remuneration (see page 18 of our Annual Report). Climate-related risks and opportunities are presented at the Group Risk Management Committee and Management Team meeting for discussion. 
The CEO and Board are accountable for the governance 
of climate-related risks and opportunities, as well as the systems used to manage risks, which are reviewed at each Board meeting. Our Executive Committee (ExCo) also reviews climate and energy transition issues, including Capricorn’s position and external drivers.
The Management Team reviews the Group risk register 
quarterly, as well as the associated controls and actions, to agree on or challenge the main climate-related risks and opportunities. Reporting to the CFO, our newly appointed Energy Transition Director regularly updates the ExCo and the Board on these risks and opportunities.
Strategy
Our Board and Leadership Team consider a wide range of opportunities and risks across three time horizons: short term (to 2025), medium term (to 2030) and long term (post-2030).  
Climate-Related Risks
We define risks as either transitional or physical. Transitional 
risk covers areas such as reputational risk in the short term and policy risk (changing legislation or carbon pricing, for example) in the medium to long term. Physical risk covers longer-term aspects of climate change, such as rising sea levels and mean temperature rises. 
 See th e full risk table in our Annual Report. Climate Risk and 
Energy Transition 
Climate change and energy transition is 
considered a principal risk to our business. We continue to consider the specific challenges, risks and opportunities it represents to improve our understanding and response. We have revised and improved our Climate and Energy Transition strategy, strengthened organisational capability in this area and set a clear roadmap for achieving our net zero commitment by 2040 or earlier. Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒Clar
ify energy transition position and progress to net zero.
 ‒Maintain a str
ong business proposition.
Principal Risks
 ‒F
uture challenges and costs to achieving pathway to net 
zero by 2040. 
Material Issues
High materiality:
 ‒Climat
e Change Policy and Planning (including Global 
Energy Transition) 
 ‒Reser
ves Valuation and Capital Expenditure
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Str
engthened our Climate and Energy Transition 
roadmap, committing to net zero emissions by 2040  
or earlier.
 ‒Impr
oved communication about climate change for the 
investment community and wider stakeholders.
 ‒Re
vised our processes for ESG risk management and 
target setting with internal and external stakeholders.
 ‒Rec
orded, tracked and reported our Scope 1 and 2 equity 
emissions, and demonstrated ‘activity normalised’ reductions in operated projects.
 ‒A
dopted carbon pricing as part of our revised portfolio 
resilience modelling against a variety of scenarios.
 ‒Appr
oved the migration of our current management 
systems to a single Operating Management System (OMS). 
 ‒Used a r
ange of International Energy Agency (IEA) 
scenarios to analyse the robustness of our Group reserves under the ongoing energy transition. 
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒C
ontinue the decarbonisation of our portfolio by applying 
the emissions reduction hierarchy and following the roadmap set out in 2021. 
 Detailed perf ormance data on Emissions, Energy, 
Water, Waste, Chemicals and Biodiversity is available  
in our Data Appendix. Climate-Related Opportunities
Capricorn is currently scoping and implementing 
opportunities to improve the performance of our assets and reduce their carbon intensity. We are focusing on replacing diesel power generation with gas and solar, and eliminating flaring from our operations in Egypt.
To align our supply chain products and services with our own 
target of net zero emissions by 2040, we promote efficient operations to our contractors and manage our vessels and other assets during drilling operations. Lower fuel consumption – and therefore emissions – is already a point of differentiation when tendering vessels for geophysical and geotechnical survey work in the UK.
 Re ad about opportunities such as carbon capture, utilisation and 
storage in the Environment section (page 20) and our support for 
research into clean energy in the Society section (page 47).
Strategy Resilience
A recent resilience test of our Egypt portfolio against three 
scenarios – the IEA’s Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS), Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS) and Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE) – found that our assets will generate value in the most ambitious climate scenario, aligned with 1.5°C warming. This gives us confidence that our valuation and planning assumptions are robust and that we will continue to create value for all stakeholders. 
Risk Management
The Group’s risk management framework promotes a 
bottom-up approach, but with support and challenge from the top down. Climate-related risks and opportunities, and the associated mitigation measures and action plans, are maintained in a series of risk registers at Group, asset, function and project level, and are reported to the Board through various committees. Their potential material impacts are described in the Risk disclosure section of our Annual Report.
Metrics and Targets
Data and graphs outlining the principal metrics and targets 
we use to assess and manage climate-related risks and opportunities can be found in the TCFD Reporting section  of our Annual Report.Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 54  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Operating With Integrity 
We seek to demonstrate integrity in everything we do, to 
deliver value to all stakeholders and maintain their trust. We take seriously our responsibility for operating in an ethical, transparent way. 
At the heart of this commitment lies a culture based on 
working responsibly. This means having the right values, principles and policies in place, embedding them in our systems and processes, and making sure our people understand and uphold them. To help us: 
 ‒th
e Board remains accountable for strategy and promotes 
high standards of corporate governance, overseeing delivery of the strategy in line with shareholders’ interests; 
 ‒th
e Board engages with shareholders and other 
stakeholders to deliver benefits; 
 ‒th
e ExCo – formerly the Senior Leadership Team – 
provides the vision and strategy for culture, corporate governance, corporate responsibility, and health, safety and environment (HSE) matters, for agreement with the Board and for implementation within the business; and
 ‒th
e Management Team ensures our strategy is translated 
into our day-to-day business, and that we comply with our ethics and procedures in all projects.
 See th e Chair’s Statement in our Annual Report and Accounts  
for more information. Ethics, Anti-
Bribery and Corruption, and Transparency 
We take a strong position on ethical matters,  
with zero tolerance for fraud, bribery and corruption. This helps us to access funding, build trust, maintain our licence to operate and deliver value to our stakeholders. We also report transparently on executive remuneration and payments to governments. Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒Deliv
er a sustainable business.
 ‒P
roduction performance.
Principal Risks
 ‒F
raud, bribery and corruption.
 ‒ P
olitical and fiscal uncertainties.
 ‒Misalignm
ents with joint venture (JV) operators.
Material Issues
High materiality:
 ‒Go
vernment Anti-Bribery and Corruption (ABC) Practices
 ‒Oper
ations in Sensitive and Complex Locations
Medium materiality:
 ‒A
dvocacy and Lobbying
 ‒Busin
ess Partners’ Alignment on Sustainability Issues
 ‒C
apricorn ABC Practices 
 ‒C
ontractors’ and Suppliers’ Anti-Bribery and Corruption 
(ABC) Practices 
 ‒Data P
rotection
 ‒F
ines and Prosecutions
 ‒In
effective Whistleblowing
 ‒Remun
eration 
 ‒T
ax and Payments to Governments
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒ Re
viewed and revised our Code of Ethics to reflect  
our company strategy. 
 ‒ Ref
reshed our company risk profile and risk  
acceptance statement.
 ‒C
ompleted an internal audit to examine and improve 
sustainability reporting.
 ‒A
ssessed bribery and corruption risk within our existing 
assets and performed due diligence on several other 
opportunities.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Implem
ent an ABC compliance programme for Egyptian 
assets, including targeted training for personnel, due diligence requirements, whistleblowing refresh and audit  reviews of partners and key suppliers.
 ‒De
velop Arabic and French versions of the Group Code  
of Ethics.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Ethics, Anti-Bribery  
and Corruption, and Transparency is available in our Data Appendix.Business Partner Alignment on 
Sustainability Issues
Working ethically and sustainably requires our business 
partners, as well as our employees and contractors, to align with us on sustainability issues. This involves ensuring that they are compliant with our revised Code of Ethics (see page 56), setting Sustainability Objectives and KPIs, and monitoring their performance at Board meetings.
Examples of our collaborations and partnerships include: 
 ‒w
orking with the Association of British Independent 
Exploration Companies (BRINDEX) on global energy 
transition; 
 ‒on
going relationships and information sharing to ensure 
alignment with both operating and non-operating partners on standards, procedures, work programmes and costs; 
 ‒m
embership of the International Association of Oil & Gas 
Producers (IOGP), which helps us to monitor the latest developments in best practice and incorporate them into our CRMS; and
 ‒on
going support for the World Bank’s Zero Routine 
Flaring by 2030 initiative, the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) and the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC).Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 55  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Code of Ethics 
Our Code of Ethics describes how we do business and sets 
out our core values, Business Principles (page 11) and High Performing Behaviours (page 13).
Every employee is required to sign and adhere to the terms 
of the Code as part of their employment conditions, and their performance is annually assessed against the Code. In addition, we require contractors and service providers working on our behalf to comply with the Code, and we audit them to ensure consistent application. 
The Code details our position and provides guidance on a 
range of issues that shape our business relationships. These include conflicts of interest, bribery and corruption, political contributions, tax principles, insider trading and anti-competitive behaviour. Internal audits conducted by third parties regularly assess our overall compliance with different elements of the Code. 
We most recently reviewed the Code in November 
2021 to ensure we meet future business needs while maintaining and strengthening our environmental, social and governance (ESG) position. Amendments to the Code included updated wording for our Business Principles, explicit references to energy transition, more transparent linkages with the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), revamped social investment criteria and an extended commitment not to operate in International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Ia and Ib category locations  to protect biodiversity. 
Employees are required to report any incident they believe 
may not comply with the Code of Ethics or when they have any concerns surrounding ethical issues, by speaking directly to their line manager or using a confidential phone line, available to all employees and contractors. The whistleblowing charity Protect also offers an anonymous channel for staff to use if they prefer. Where appropriate, independent investigations are conducted. ABC Practices
Maintaining transparent relationships with governments, authorities, contractors and suppliers in the locations where we operate is a high priority for Capricorn. Our zero-tolerance position on bribery, fraud and corruption continues to protect our reputation, our ability to access funding, and our impact on people and communities.
Operating in Sensitive and Complex Locations
Capricorn operates in a variety of locations around the world, each presenting different ethical challenges. In all cases, we seek to understand the geopolitical and local risks, as part  of our initial Investment Proposal (IP). In locations where we are looking to establish a more permanent presence, we develop mitigation measures through our New Country Entry (NCE) process. 
We track and mitigate associated risks throughout our 
presence and association with a location or assets, and effectively communicate our position to stakeholders. The range of issues we address includes ABC, human rights abuses and modern slavery, as well as wider ESG and HSE topics, collectively known as 'above-ground risk'.
We seek to make decisions informed by the knowledge 
gained across the life cycle of our activities, giving us a holistic view. We draw on specialist expertise, where necessary, for advice on specific risks, and integrate detailed management approaches into our projects and often into our investment case.
ABC Assessments for New Ventures
As part of our NCE process, all entries into new territories require an ABC risk assessment to highlight exposure to potential risks and to ensure we take the necessary level of due diligence. Our new venture activity spans many locations with heightened ethical risks and varying attitudes to ABC, so it is critical to identify locations where official corruption might impact our operations and our reputation. In Egypt, for example, we are engaging in ongoing dialogue and conducting in-country audits to ensure our operating partner Cheiron manages bribery, corruption and modern slavery risks in line with our own ethical standards.
During 2021, we conducted due diligence in all the areas 
where we have operations, and identified no issues or near misses. A country-specific ABC risk assessment for Egypt conducted in November will be used to drive compliance activities for the next 12 months.
ABC Controls in Operations
We do not tolerate or permit bribery, corruption or improper payments of any kind in our business dealings, anywhere in the world, with either governments or the private sector. Accordingly, staff, business partners and service providers are expected to act with honesty and integrity, and to comply with all applicable laws when working for or  with Capricorn.
Business partners and service providers are carefully 
selected after appropriate due diligence has been conducted, and are subject to written contracts that contain robust anti-bribery and corruption provisions. An ABC register of partners and service providers details the results of any due diligence and monitoring requirements.
As with all stakeholders, our relations and dealings with 
government officials have integrity at the core. There is guidance for all staff on the protocols that must be followed when interacting with government officials. 
 F or details of the ABC training we provide to employees,  
see our People section (page 32). Measuring Performance
1
incident of non-compliance with the  
Code of Ethics
Zero
employee dismissals for non-compliance  with the Code
Ethics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption, and Transparency56 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Transparency and Reporting
As a listed public company, we report annually in line 
with UK regulations. In 2021, we responded to all queries associated with our Annual Report and Accounts and to information requests from stakeholders, including investor analysts and shareholder representatives.   
This Sustainability Report and accompanying Data 
Appendix provide investors, analysts, interest groups and communities with easy access to comprehensive information about our approach and performance. We apply global standards to ensure our reporting is of the highest quality. Having reviewed the evolving trends and requirements in ESG reporting in 2020, we refreshed our reporting against our shareholders’ preferences, as well  as a number of established frameworks and standards (page 12). 
Relevant information and regular announcements are 
provided via the Investors section of our website and through investor meetings and roadshows, all of which were held remotely during 2021.   
 See About This Repor t on page 65 and Prioritising Issues on  
page 17 for further information.
 Do wnload our full Global Reporting Index (GRI) Content Index.
Ethics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption, and TransparencyRemuneration and Executive Pay
Remuneration in general, and executive pay in particular, remains an issue of interest among our shareholders and wider society. Capricorn is incorporated in the UK and listed on the London Stock Exchange. Therefore, we are required to report against the revised UK Corporate Governance Code. 
Our Remuneration Committee ensures that Capricorn is 
fully compliant with the requirements of the revised Code of Ethics. At the company’s AGM in May 2021, the Directors’ Remuneration Report, while approved, received fewer than 80% of votes in favour. Following the vote, we undertook a stakeholder engagement exercise, which included offering meetings to discuss the report. More details can be found in the Directors’ Remuneration Report in our Annual Report and Accounts.
Data Protection
In compliance with EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) legislation, we document the processing of personal data by both Capricorn and third parties on our behalf, and publish revised privacy notices for greater transparency. In addition, mandatory training has been delivered and a Data Privacy Coordinator supports the Group in complying with GDPR and internal risk governance. We reported no GDPR incidents in 2021.Case Study
Transitioning  
to Egypt In 2019 and into 2020, we conducted extensive due diligence concerning the potential purchase of Shell’s Egypt Western Desert interests. A cross-functional team came together to conduct the due diligence, then others joined to form the Transition Team working alongside our partner Cheiron to ensure a smooth transition. People from Cheiron and Capricorn were seconded to key positions in the JV organisation, supporting teams in Cairo and Edinburgh. 
In setting up our office and team in Cairo, we employed a 
Management Team of experienced national and international hired employees and contractors, maximising wherever possible the number of Egyptian nationals in senior and other positions. The team is headed by our Managing Director, who brings many years of experience working and living in Egypt. 
We work on two fronts:
 ‒maintainin
g our high operating standards through 
the JV with Bapetco1, in which Cheiron acts as the 
operating partner alongside Egyptian General Petroleum 
Corporation (EGPC); and
 ‒ in
creasing the production from the fields in a safe and 
responsible manner.  
Outside the JV structure, we operate three exploration licences, in which we are planning seismic and drilling activities in 2022. 
We are proud to say that at the end of Q1 2022, along with 
our partners, we have increased production from the fields, conducted the first ESG audit of the operating facilities and fields, completed the hiring of our Cairo-based Management Team and supported our partners in maintaining the high standards of operating excellence and ESG we hold ourselves to. 
Going forward, we will continue to work to reduce GHG 
emissions, manage water resources, maintain asset integrity and avoid major accidents.
1   BADR P etroleum Company57 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Tax and Payments to Governments 
Financial Disclosure and Transparency
We support financial transparency in our industry because 
we believe it will lead to long-term sustainable growth  and build greater trust in Capricorn. We are committed  to transparent compliance in the jurisdictions where we work – many of which are complex and uncertain from a legislative perspective – and comply with a number of voluntary standards.
We report payments to governments in our Annual Report 
and Accounts, in compliance with EU legislation, and as a member of the EITI. The EITI is a voluntary international coalition of governments, companies and civil society working to encourage the full disclosure of tax and other payments made by oil, gas and mining companies to governments; it also requires governments to publish receipts from companies. Both the payments and receipts are independently verified. We have maintained our EITI membership and actively participated in local working groups in relevant countries.
As in previous years, our 2021 EITI disclosures included 
payments to governments such as corporate income tax, licence fees and withholding tax. We also report additional payments including VAT, payroll taxes and social security costs. We have sold our interests in non-operated UK Continental Shelf assets Catcher and Kraken, relinquished our interests in Côte d’Ivoire, and acquired non-operated interests with a PSC in Egypt and operated exploration acreage in the UK Southern North Sea. Our payments to governments in 2021 were largely limited to licence fees  and payroll taxes. Looking ahead, we will be focused on understanding requirements for our newly acquired assets in Egypt, and licences in Mauritania and the UK Southern North Sea.
Tax Obligations
We operate in several locations with diverse tax obligations and requirements, and seek to comply with local rules and regulations in every territory. Our Group Tax Strategy is to not enter into any artificial tax planning and, in managing our tax affairs, to align any tax planning with genuine commercial activity. 
 See our Annual Report and Accounts for more information.
Public Policy and Lobbying
We do not engage in party politics or make donations to political parties, candidates or lobbyists. We do engage stakeholders on legislation, regulation and the awarding of new licences, but not through professional lobbyists. Each of our assets is responsible for engaging transparently with host governments and other stakeholders, as part of its local Stakeholder Engagement Plan. This encompasses licence agreements and regulatory requirements, and interfaces with a wide range of non-governmental stakeholders. 
Our involvement in public policy development and lobbying 
is conducted through industry bodies such as the IOGP and regional industry groups. These include Oil & Gas UK, BRINDEX and the Association of Mexican Hydrocarbon Businesses (AMEXHI)
2.
Ethics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption, and TransparencyMeasuring Performance
Payments to governments 
US$24.6m
Non-compliance with laws and regulations
Zero
incidents  
Zero
non-monetary sanctions
£0
in significant fines 
2   A sociación Mexicana de Empresas de Hidrocarburos58 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Our Positive Contribution
We are committed to making a positive contribution, 
wherever we operate, by delivering tangible benefits to  our stakeholders based around the UN SDGs. These include, but are not limited to:
 ‒go
vernments, which grant permits and our licence  
to operate;
 ‒c
ommunities, which give us our social licence to  
operate; and
 ‒emplo
yees, contractors and suppliers, which provide 
the necessary expertise and resources to carry out our activities and create value.
We distribute value through payments to: 
 ‒go
vernments and authorities, including taxes and duties;
 ‒pr
omote social and community development in our  
host countries;
 ‒our c
ontractors and suppliers;
 ‒our emplo
yees in the form of salaries and other  
benefits; and
 ‒shar
eholders and funding institutions.Economics  
and Funding
Expanding and diversifying our production 
base is a strategic imperative for Capricorn, helping us to add value, fund our exploration and development activity, and generate returns for shareholders. In a challenging business environment impacted by falling oil prices and COVID-19, we remain resilient by actively managing our portfolio of assets and working with our JV partners to allocate capital and financial resources efficiently.Strategic Objectives
 ‒Maintain lic
ence to operate.
 ‒P
ortfolio management.
 ‒P
roduction performance.
 ‒Deliv
er a sustainable business.
Principal Risks
 ‒L
ack of exploration success.
 ‒V
olatile oil and gas prices. 
 ‒F
ailure to secure business development opportunities. 
 ‒Reser
ves downgrade or impairment.
 ‒ P
olitical and fiscal uncertainties. 
 ‒Diminish
ed access to debt markets.
 ‒F
uture challenges and costs to achieving pathway to  
net zero by 2040.
Material Issues
High materiality:
 ‒F
unding
 ‒JV P
artners and Funding
 ‒Mana
gement of Material Issues 
Medium materiality:
 ‒In
vestment (Home and Overseas)
 ‒Sustainabilit
y Governance
2021 Performance Against Sustainability Objectives
 ‒Re
viewed our CRMS against the revised Group strategy, 
and performed a CRMS audit in selected projects.
2022 Sustainability Objectives
 ‒De
velop and implement an OMS covering the full life 
cycle of assets.
 Detailed perf ormance data on Economics and funding  
is available in our Data Appendix.Creating and Distributing Value
During 2021, we began moving our portfolio more towards 
production and made strategic sales of several assets. Taken together, these steps have enabled us to continue creating value for our global shareholders. 
A divestment of assets in Senegal, completed in late 2020, 
returned approximately US$250 million to shareholders in the form of dividends in early 2021. Similarly, in March 2021, we agreed to sell our Catcher and Kraken fields in the UK for US$455 million. 
The sale of these assets allows us to make funds available for 
strategic portfolio investment. Funds were reinvested into production assets in Egypt; these include onshore operations with lower production costs, which are more resilient against volatile energy prices. This acquisition moves our overall hydrocarbon split towards gas. The Egypt assets also offer the potential to reduce our GHG emissions.  
 Re ad about our tax refund from the Government of India on  
page 33 of the Annual Report.Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance 59  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021
Total Value Generated and Distributed in 2021
Governments
Taxes,
fees,
etc
US$24.6mCommunities
Social
investment
US$0.6mContractors and 
suppliers
Capital
spend
US$89.4mEmployees
Employee
salaries
and
benefits
US$49.4mInvestors
Oil and
gas sales
revenue
US$56.2mBeneficiary
Economic Value  
Distribution
Value (Group)  
US$Meeting the Highest  
Sustainability Standards 
Increasingly, providers of capital want to ensure that we 
meet the highest sustainability standards across all our activities, including International Finance Corporation (IFC) and OSPAR requirements, as well as international and national regulations. Similarly, investment analysts, shareholders and funding institutions request increasingly detailed information about our sustainability standards, performance and reporting.
Our sector has to balance changing and emerging risks, as 
well as growing pressure to improve operating standards, against a need to focus on cost efficiency and carbon emissions reduction. We never compromise our standards or undermine our commitment to working safely and responsibly.
Sustainability Governance
The Board has ultimate accountability for maintaining our culture of working responsibly across the organisation. It is supported by:  
 ‒our v
alues, Code of Ethics, Business Principles, policies, 
processes, standards and systems, which all employees, contractors and suppliers are required to comply with; 
 ‒th
e internal oversight of key committees and 
groups, including our ExCo, Management Team, Risk Management Committee and Audit Committee; 
 ‒int
ernal and external assurance audits; and
 ‒ en
gagement with stakeholders, which influences how  
we view material issues and formulate strategy and business objectives.Our CRMS, which includes our policies, procedures and guidance, prescribes the requirements for working safely and responsibly, and enables us to embed processes and procedures throughout the organisation. It also helps  us to identify, evaluate and address potential health and safety, security, environmental and societal risks, benefits and impacts.
With effect from early 2022, we established a new 
Environmental, Safety, Social Responsibility and Sustainability Committee. These areas are considered within every Board decision and are therefore a key element of each Board meeting. Establishing a committee dedicated to these matters will further embed their importance within the Board and across the wider organisation. Capricorn’s role in energy transition is a key driver behind the formation of this new committee, which will comprise the full Board.
Investing in New Opportunities
As a potential operator or a JV partner, investing in new opportunities is a significant part of our activities. To protect our investments, we continue to assess sustainability risks when evaluating new relationships or locations. Although some opportunities may be financially attractive, we may decide that the ethical, safety or environmental risks cannot be viably managed to acceptable levels, as articulated by our risk appetite statement. For example, we do not operate in UNESCO World Heritage Sites or IUCN Ia (Strict Nature Reserve) and Ib (Wilderness Area) category locations.
When assessing new ventures, we use the ‘advantaged 
barrels’ concept, which considers a wider range of health and safety, social, environmental and energy-based data. This allows us to make informed decisions about how we can extract product more quickly and in a way that’s better for the environment. 
Through our CRMS, we rigorously evaluate all the risks 
associated with the location and the investment to ensure the integrity and credentials of the partners involved. This process includes evaluating any sustainability-related concerns using IPs and determining any required action.  
Economics and Funding
60 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Economics and FundingEvaluating New Ventures
Health
and safety
Identify and evaluate risks
Identify risk avoidance or mitigation measures
Alignment with strategy and risk appetite
Test implications of investmentSocial Human
rightsPolitical Corruption Security EnvironmentRisk Screening
Investment  
Proposal (IP)
Board Approval
If the threat is significant, further assessments are 
undertaken, using specialists where necessary; actions for managing risks developed; or the decision not to proceed is made. All significant new venture projects require Board approval following an assessment of risks. 
New Risk Management Software
Over the last year, we have been rolling out our new risk management software. The provider, CAMMS, delivers this platform in conjunction with our incident management reporting software to make the recording and notification of all sustainability, HSE, operational and corporate risks more granular and easier to track across the Group. The system is also able to enhance ownership of risk management, flag emerging risks quickly and aggregate risk registers across all locations to detect common themes and trends.
The new platform includes revised ABC risk assessments and 
supports comprehensive reporting to the Board; training in the system has already been developed.
Reserves Valuation and Capital 
Expenditure 
Having examined our business model in the context 
of energy transition, climate resilience and the UK’s commitment to reach net zero, the divestment of several assets created the flexibility we needed to pursue responsible hydrocarbon production opportunities. The strategic development and management of our portfolio throughout 2021 has allowed us to continue creating value for our shareholders, despite the year’s uncertainties. We calculate Group reserves and resources in accordance with the Petroleum Resources Management System (PRMS 2018). Third parties perform independent assessments to provide additional assurance to reserve estimates. Reserves are calculated using Capricorn’s latest oil and gas price assumptions. In the UK, this included the purchase of carbon allowances under the UK Emissions Trading Scheme for Catcher and Kraken until the point of divestiture.  
To illustrate the robustness of the reserves under the 
ongoing energy transition, sensitivity analyses have been performed using the IEA’s published assumptions for its 2021 Stated Policies, Sustainable Development and Net Zero scenarios (see TFCD Reporting on page 54). These cover a range of alternative scenarios in terms of demand for hydrocarbons and carbon taxes. Under all variations of the model, each of our existing assets is economically robust.  
Capricorn utilises the Oil Production Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions Estimator (OPGEE) model developed by Stanford University to estimate the Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions associated with the production and transportation of current oil and gas reserves, as well as new investment opportunities. OPGEE models are used to benchmark emissions in terms of total carbon equivalent and carbon intensity. This data is used to assess the impact of  alternative development options for greenfield assets and to identify the opportunities for reducing emissions from existing assets.
 F or more information, see our Group Reserves Report.61 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Stakeholder 
Engagement
Understanding what matters to our stakeholders  
is fundamental to enabling us to operate. The Board is committed to engaging closely with the Company’s diverse range of stakeholders and  taking their views into account.Supporting S172
The Directors of Capricorn Energy PLC, and those of 
all UK companies, must act in accordance with a set of general duties. The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 require directors to explain how they considered the interests of key stakeholders and the broader matters set out in Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. This includes considering the interests of other stakeholders, which may affect the long-term success of the company. The Board fully recognises the need to balance the contrasting and, at times, conflicting interests of various stakeholder groups while focusing on the Company’s purpose, values and strategic priorities in key decision-making. In 2020 and 2021, we have had to operate in  the unprecedented context created by the COVID-19 pandemic; however, understanding the aims and  concerns of stakeholders helps us to identify and prioritise the issues that are most material to the business. 
The Directors of Capricorn Energy PLC consider, both 
individually and together, that they have acted in accordance with their duties codified in law, which include their duty to act in the way in which they consider, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, having regard to the stakeholders and matters set out in section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006.
We outline below how the Directors have had regard to the 
matters set out in S172(1) (a)-(f) of the Companies Act 2006 when discharging their duties, and the effect of that on certain decisions that have been taken.
Stakeholder Why is it important  
to engage?How management and/or 
Directors engaged Key topics of engagement Examples of the impact 
of such engagement and responses takenCOVID-19 considerations
Investors
 ‒Th eir views influence our 
strategic and operational 
decision-making
 ‒W
e are dependent on 
shareholders for access  to funding
 ‒W
e are accountable to our 
shareholders ‒Un dertaking a full investor 
programme, including:
      –    Holding 59 investor  meetings, including one to ones and attending roadshows/conferences
      –    Conducting regular  financial reporting 
      –    Responding in a timely manner to investor and analyst enquiries 
      –    As the AGM in 2021 was a closed meeting in accordance with UK and Scottish Government guidance regarding COVID-19, offering shareholders the opportunity to submit any questions  by email in advance of  the meeting
      –    Post-AGM correspondence  to discuss vote outcomes  ‒ESG mat
ters, including energy 
transition
 ‒Bo
ard composition, including 
committee set-up
 ‒Str
ategy and performance
 ‒C
orporate governance ‒Regular r
eviews of corporate 
objectives
 ‒Bo
ard committee structure 
changes
 
 ‒L
aunch of the Diversity  
and Inclusion strategy
 ‒Impr
oved transparency 
regarding bonus scheme disclosures ‒In
vestor meetings were 
held either through virtual communications platforms  or in person when safe to  do so due the restrictions in place in response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
 ‒Th
e Board is committed to 
communicating in an open and transparent manner with all investors, and places a clear importance on shareholder engagement. Communication and transparency around Capricorn’s COVID-19 strategic response and business continuity has been paramount62
 C
apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Stakeholder Why is it important  
to engage?How management and/or 
Directors engaged Key topics of engagement Examples of the impact 
of such engagement and responses takenCOVID-19 considerations
Governments
 ‒W e are responsible to them for 
compliance with local and/or 
international laws
 ‒Th
eir permissions are required 
for us to access acreage and operate ‒Meetin gs with heads of state, 
UK and country ambassadors, ministers and civil servants ‒L egal Compliance
 ‒ESG mat
ters
 ‒Major a
ccident prevention
 ‒In
vestment and economic 
growth ‒C ontinued monitoring of 
responsible performance at Board meetings and annual review of CRMS and objective KPI setting
 ‒Implem
entation of enhanced 
incident reporting system
 ‒Re
viewing feedback and 
commentary from government and regulatory bodies regarding performance expectation
 ‒KP
Is include performance 
against leading and lagging indicators for HSE protection and are reviewed at all Board meetings  ‒W e continue to monitor controls 
and advice set out by host governments in our operating locations and multinational organisations such as the WHO, which assisted in shaping and implementing our nine-step plan to ensure all critical activities of the business were unaffected by the pandemic
Business 
partners, peers and contractors ‒W e are reliant on viable partners 
in JVs
 ‒W
e are commercially responsible 
to contractors, suppliers and 
partners
 ‒Th
eir performance directly 
impacts our financial, operational and responsible performance ‒Due t o the COVID-19 
pandemic, large portions of the engagement throughout 2021 were carried out using virtual technologies and included meetings with partners, peers and contractors with Board members and senior executives in addition to regular JV and operations planning meetings
 ‒Maintainin
g membership of 
industry bodies
 ‒A
ctive management of  
key projects and assets (including alignment of  project deliverables) ‒P olicies and standards
 ‒In
dustry reputation
 ‒In
vestment opportunities  
for growth
 ‒L
ong-term relationships
 ‒ESG mat
ters ‒C areful selection of contractors
 ‒C
ontinued membership of 
International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP) Security Committee
 ‒A
ctively engage with all JV 
partners early to establish good working relationships  ‒Wh ere required and with the 
help of local partners and contractors, survey work and vessel inspections have been managed remotely. To ensure that best practice is followed, we also monitor how non-operating partners have conducted drilling campaigns during the pandemicStakeholder Engagement continued63 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Stakeholder Why is it important  
to engage?How management and/or 
Directors engaged Key topics of engagement Examples of the impact 
of such engagement and responses takenCOVID-19 considerations
Local 
communities and interest groups  ‒W e have an ethical responsibility 
to maximise social and  
economic benefit and to minimise impact on livelihoods and the environments in which we operate ‒C ommunity meetings
 ‒Re
views of social investment 
strategies aligned with UN SDGs
 ‒Senior mana
gement visits
 ‒Media m
onitoring
 ‒P
romoting use of stakeholder 
engagement registers ‒P rotection of resources and 
livelihoods
 ‒C
ommunity development and 
social investment
 ‒A
ccess to employment and 
business opportunities
 ‒T
ransparency of payments to 
government
 ‒Biodiv
ersity ‒C ommunity investment  
focus to include adaptation  to climate change 
 ‒C
ontinued membership of  
the EITI 
 ‒C
ontinued dialogue with Invest 
in Africa to build skills and capacity among SMEs
 ‒Implem
entation of targeted 
stakeholder engagement plans to support activity in Mauritania
 ‒Social in
vestment in Mexico and 
Suriname to support community biodiversity efforts  ‒A s part of our efforts to support 
the communities where we operate, we continue to  monitor the COVID-19 situation in these countries 
 ‒A
dditionally, in 2021 we made 
a US$50,000 donation to Fundación Mexicana para la Salud (FUNSALUD), a healthcare not-for-profit organisation in Mexico, to support its comprehensive COVID-19 relief efforts
Employees  ‒W e are dependent on 
employees’ performance and that of the wider workforce
 ‒W
e have a legal and ethical 
responsibility for their well-being
 ‒Th
ey bring diverse perspectives 
to the identification of opportunities and ways  of working ‒Regular staff m eetings
 ‒Monthly ‘
pulse’ surveys 
 ‒Biannual Emplo
yee Voice Forum 
(EVF) meetings
 ‒W
orking practice focus groups
 ‒Gen
eral Meetings
 ‒E
xit interviews ‒Str ategy 
 ‒W
ays of working
 ‒L
essons learned from projects
 ‒Int
ernal communication 
 ‒Remun
eration and benefits ‒Enhan ced structure for internal 
communications  
 ‒Gain
ed direct insight into the 
views of staff on COVID-19 impacts, which facilitated the adoption of hybrid working arrangements on a trial basis
 ‒C
ontinuing the development 
and delivery of health and  well-being initiatives, including the appointment of a new  well-being programme provider ‒Thr oughout the various 
rule changes, our dedicated Return to Office Steering Committee continued to provide guidance to staff members, undertaking risk assessments and implementing required protocols to ensure a safe return for office-based employees at the appropriate time 
 ‒F
ollowing a thorough staff 
consultation process, the  Group is trialling a hybrid working model, and new health and well-being initiatives help our staff to feel motivated and supported both in their work  and home livesStakeholder Engagement continued64 C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Overview Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
About This  
Report
Reporting Period  
This document comprises Capricorn Energy’s full 
Sustainability Report 2021. It covers our sustainability strategy and performance from 1 January to  31 December 2021. Reporting Standards 
We report our sustainability information in accordance with 
a number of frameworks and standards (see page 12), which include but are not limited to:
 ‒A
ccountAbility’s AA1000 Accountability Principles 
Standard1;
 ‒th
e Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards   
Core option2; 
 ‒th
e Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  
Oil & Gas – Exploration & Production Standard; and
 ‒th
e Task Force on Climate-related Financial  
Disclosures (TCFD).
Scope and Boundaries 
We report on an ‘operational control’ basis. This means that we report on those assets and activities over which we have control in terms of sustainability policies and practices during 2021, irrespective of the licensed operating party. 
For the first time, we have included equity Scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and energy use in our reporting, accepting the limitations of such data associated with access and verification. We are implementing a two-year programme to improve the quality of this data and will seek to increase equity-based parameters in the future. 
We exclude other data where we do not control operations, 
but we do consider the risks associated with our partners’ position and control of such activities. In line with this, our 2021 sustainability information covers our head office in Edinburgh, our regional offices in the UK, Mexico, Egypt and Mauritania, and field operations in the UK, Mexico, Suriname, Egypt and Mauritania.Data and Performance Indicators 
We measure our performance against Group-level key performance indicators (KPIs), which are aligned with the strategy and operational programme of the company. These KPIs are reviewed annually. The KPIs in 2021 were based on strategic business objectives in the following categories: 
 ‒h
ealth, safety, security and environment (HSSE) and 
corporate social responsibility (CSR);
 ‒n
ew ventures;
 ‒e
xploration and development;
 ‒ pr
oduction and cash flow; and
 ‒fun
ding. 
In 2021, we revised our Sustainability Objectives (formerly known as CR Objectives) to reflect the evolution of our strategy. A total score of 17.5% comprises: 
 ‒10% ESG Objec
tives (5% energy transition and climate 
change, 3% transparency and 2% society); and
 ‒7
.5% HSSE Objectives (5% leading indicators and  
2.5% lagging indicators).  
A wide range of data is collected on a variety of issues and topics, grouped under the themes of People, Environment, Society and Governance in this report. Our Sustainability Objectives for 2021 will be used to direct our sustainability improvement programme for the year. Read how these reporting themes are informed by our materiality assessment on page 17.
The database we use for monitoring and reporting purposes 
records data by geographical region; it also defines the  KPIs to be measured and the frequency at which data should be recorded. Data entry and approval are tracked within the database. Our incident and accident data is recorded in a separate incident reporting system. This stores all relevant details,  and emails defined individuals across the business, including senior managers, to keep them informed of progress. It can trigger an investigation into the incident, depending on  its nature. 
We use definitions set by the GRI and IOGP to provide 
comparable and credible data that can be benchmarked against our peers in the oil and gas sector.  
Data is collected from our offices and field operations, 
including each individual rig, vessel, shore base and aviation contractor. Field operations data is usually provided by the contractors involved. We inform these contractors about our KPI and data requirements in advance, as part of the contracting process. These instructions include definitions of the KPIs, methodology notes (such as waste reporting with volume-to-mass conversion factors) and information on incident reporting. The field operations data is collected monthly and entered directly into our database via an online connection, where possible, or submitted in spreadsheets. Data is queried by Capricorn’s head office with the providers in their different locations, through the database or via email. Data is summarised routinely and submitted for quarterly reviews to the Management Team and to each Board meeting with a summary of operations and issues.
We update our methodologies on a regular basis; for 
example, when new methodologies are identified, best practice is improved or calculation factors are updated. Any factors used are reviewed annually. We reviewed the scope of data collection and the parameters we monitor in 2021, as well as the recording of equity-based information. We have sought to obtain raw data where possible from our operating partners to ensure consistent methodologies.
1 A ccountAbility (www.accountability.org) is a global consulting and standards firm that works with governments and organisations to advance responsible business practices and improve long-term performance.
2
 Th
e GRI (www.globalreporting.org) helps businesses and governments understand and communicate their impact on critical sustainability issues through the GRI Standards. Organisations can report in accordance  
with the GRI Standards at one of two levels (Core or Comprehensive), depending on the degree to which they have been applied.Overview 65  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Baseline Data 
We report historical data from all our activities over the last 
five years. Levels of activity at Capricorn vary considerably from year to year, so we do not have a fixed baseline or historical reference point.
Uncertainties and Estimates 
We make every effort to ensure our data is accurate and transparent, although it is not possible or practical to measure all data exactly (e.g. obtaining electricity consumption data for a small office that is part of a larger building or recording water effluent from an office or vessel that has no water outflow meter). In such cases, we use accepted estimation methodologies that may involve the use of conversion factors (e.g. calculating office data as a proportion of the whole building, using volume-to-mass conversion factors to calculate waste and calculating GHG emissions). We highlight these methodologies with our data. 
Data provided by partners is subject to their cooperation and 
will have wider uncertainties where the methodologies used are unclear.
Targets 
Within our Sustainability Objectives, we recognise the importance of both HSSE (lagging and leading) and ESG (leading) indicators, as well as targets, in driving positive behaviour and improved performance. These indicators are linked to mechanisms for assessing both company and individual performance, including incentives for our personnel. The greatest weight is given to leading indicators, as they provide proactive measures to actively improve performance; if implemented correctly, these help to drive good performance as shown by lagging indicators. We set HSSE lagging targets to exceed the industry norms published annually by the IOGP. We have published our overall targets on Scope 1 and 2 GHGs, including non-operated emissions for the first time. We will set a baseline for improvement using 2022 data and seek to demonstrate clear reductions in the future.
Supporting Data 
A full set of sustainability data is available in our Data Appendix. This document includes methodology notes and KPI definitions, with a particular focus on KPIs related to issues deemed to be of high importance to our business and our stakeholders in our materiality process.
External Assurance 
An independent environmental data assurer, Deloitte, verified our operated 2021 GHG emissions data (Scopes 1, 2 and 3), as stated in our Annual Report and Accounts and this report. Within the scope of the limited assurance engagement, the GHG statements made are found to be materially correct. Deloitte found that Capricorn’s data collection process and the data reporting platform CR360 are robust, and provided consistent and accurate output data when tested. Deloitte is satisfied the GHG data is reliable and has been prepared in accordance with Capricorn’s reporting methodology.
A limited assurance statement, with details of the 
assurance scope, independence of the assurer and its recommendations, is available online.
About This ReportOverview 66  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
Glossary3Rs  C apricorn’s core values: Respect, Relationships and 
Responsibility
ABC 
 anti-br
ibery and corruption
ALARP 
 A
s Low As Reasonably Practicable
AMEXHI
 A
ssociation of Mexican Hydrocarbon Businesses
APP
 Af
rican Partner Pool
ASEA
 A
gencia de Seguridad, Energía y Ambiente  
(Mexican regulators)
BAP
 Biodiv
ersity Action Plan
bbl
 
barrel
BEIS
 Dep
artment for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy (UK)
boe
 b
arrels of oil equivalent
boepd
 b
arrels of oil equivalent per day
BOP
 blo
wout preventer
bopd 
 b
arrels of oil per day
BRINDEX 
 A
ssociation of British Independent Exploration Companies
CCUS
 car
bon capture, utilisation and storage
CEO 
 Chief E
xecutive Officer
CERT 
 Cr
isis and Emergency Response Team
CMAPP 
 C
orporate Major Accident Prevention Policy
CNH
 C
omisión Nacional de Hidrocarburos (National Hydrocarbons 
Commission, Mexico)
CO2  car bon dioxide 
CO2e  car bon dioxide equivalent
COO 
 Chief Oper
ating Officer
COS 
 C
apricorn Operating Standards
CR 
 c
orporate responsibility
CRMS 
 C
orporate Responsibility Management System
CSR 
 c
orporate social responsibility
EAJ
 En
vironmental Assessment Justification
EBS
 En
vironmental Baseline Survey
EIA 
 En
vironmental Impact Assessment 
EITI 
 E
xtractive Industries Transparency Initiative
ESG 
 en
vironmental, social and governance 
ESIA 
 En
vironmental and Social Impact Assessment
EU 
 E
uropean Union
ExCo
 E
xecutive Committee
EY 
 Er
nst & Young LLPFRC  F inancial Reporting Council
GDPR 
 Gen
eral Data Protection Regulation
GHG 
 gr
eenhouse gas
GRI 
 Glob
al Reporting Initiative
HSE 
 h
ealth, safety and environment 
HSSE 
 h
ealth, safety, security and environment
HWU
 Her
iot-Watt University
IBP
 Imp
act Benefit Plan
IEA 
 Int
ernational Energy Agency
IFC 
 Int
ernational Finance Corporation
IIA
 In
vest in Africa
IMT 
 In
cident Management Team
IOGP 
 Int
ernational Association of Oil & Gas Producers
IP 
 In
vestment Proposal
IPIECA 
 Int
ernational Petroleum Industry Environmental  
Conservation Association
IRT
 In
cident Response Team
IT 
 inf
ormation technology
IUCN
 Int
ernational Union for Conservation of Nature
JNCC
 Joint Natur
e Conservation Committee
JV 
 joint v
enture
KPI 
 k
ey performance indicator
LNG 
 liquefied natur
al gas 
LTIF 
 L
ost Time Injury Frequency
MARPOL
 Int
ernational Convention for the Prevention of Pollution  
from Ships 
mcf
 million cubic f
eet
mmbpd
 million b
arrels per day
MMO
 mar
ine mammal observer
MSA 
 Moder
n Slavery Act
NATIN
 Institut
e for Natural Resources and Engineering Studies 
(Suriname)
NCE
 Ne
w Country Entry
NDC 
 Nationally Det
ermined Contribution
NGO 
 n
on-governmental organisation 
NZE
 Net Z
ero Emissions scenario
OMS
 Oper
ating Management System
OPGEE
 Oil P
roduction Greenhouse Gas Emissions Estimator OSPAR  Oslo/P aris Convention for the Protection of the Marine 
Environment of the North-East Atlantic
OSRL
 Oil Spill Response Limit
ed
PAM
 p
assive acoustic monitoring
PDP 
 P
roject Delivery Process
PPE
 per
sonal protective equipment
PSC 
 P
roduction Sharing Contract
QA
 qualit
y assurance
QC 
 qualit
y control
RWDC 
 Restr
icted Workday Case
SASB 
 Sustainabilit
y Accounting Standards Board
SASISOPA 
 Sist
ema de Administración de Seguridad Industrial, Seguridad 
Operativa y Protección del Medio Ambiente (Industrial 
Safety, Operational Safety and Environmental Protection Administration System)
SDS
 Sustainable De
velopment Scenario
SECE 
 Saf
ety and Environmentally Critical Element
SENER
 Secr
etaría de Energía (Mexican Department of Energy) 
SI
 social in
vestment
SIA 
 Social Imp
act Assessment
SMEs 
 small an
d medium-sized enterprises
STEPS
 Stat
ed Policies Scenario 
TCFD 
 T
ask Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
TRIR 
 T
otal Recordable Injury Rate
UDHR
 Univ
ersal Declaration of Human Rights 
UK 
 Unit
ed Kingdom
UN 
 Unit
ed Nations
UNAM
 Univ
ersidad Nacional Autónoma de México 
UNEP
 Unit
ed Nations Environment Programme
UNESCO
 Unit
ed Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural 
Organization
UNGC 
 Unit
ed Nations Global Compact
UN SDGs 
 Unit
ed Nations Sustainable Development Goals
US$ 
 Unit
ed States dollar
VOCs
 v
olatile organic compounds
VPSHR 
 V
oluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights
WCPMP
 W
ell Construction Project Management Procedure 
WHO
 W
orld Health OrganizationOverview 67  C apricorn Energy PLC Sustainability Report 2021 Our Strategy Society People Environment Governance
www.capricornenergy.com/working-responsibly/HEAD OFFICE 
50 Lothian Road 
Edinburgh EH3 9BY T: +44 131 475 3000 F: +44 131 475 3030 E: pr@capricornenergy.com 
www.capricornenergy.com  LONDON OFFICE 
4th FloorWellington House 125 Strand London WC2R 0AP EGYPT OFFICE 
Capricorn Egypt Limited5th Floor7 Road 15011431 MaadiCairo MEXICO OFFICE  
Capricorn Americas México Torre Mayor Avenida de la Reforma 505,  Piso 36 Colonia Cuauhtémoc Delegación Cuauhtémoc 06500 Ciudad de MéxicoMAURITANIA OFFICE
Ilot C 544 – Tevragh ZeinaNouakchott