Creating a Sustainable Future
2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
CAMDEN     CREATING A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE     2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

1Contents
Our CompanyEnvironmental  8
Environmental Management System 9
Goals & Targets 10
Climate Change & Resiliency 11
Energy, Water & Waste 12
Green Building Certifications 15
New Development & Construction 16
Featured Communities 18Our Company IFC 
Our Purpose IFC
Our Values IFC
About Camden 1
Letter to Our Stakeholders 4
COVID-19 Update 5
Materiality Assessment 6
Our Sustainability Commitment 7Social  24
A Great Workplace 25
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 26
Compensation & Benefits 30
Learning & Development 31
Health & Wellness 33
Customer Service 36
Community Engagement 38Governance  40
Strong Leadership 41
Corporate Governance Best Practices 42
ESG Oversight 43
Ethics & Compliance 44
Vendor Code of Conduct 44
Risk Management 44
Cybersecurity 45Appendix  46
GRI Content Index 46
Environmental Performance Data  IBC 
Our Values
We care deeply about our  
employees, our residents, and the  
local communities in which we  
live, work, and play. Camden is 
committed to maintaining a work 
environment that attracts, retains,  
and rewards the best and brightest 
people. Camden’s workplace reflects 
our core values and cultivates an 
environment of respect, fairness, 
diversity, and fun for all.About Camden
Camden Property Trust is a real estate investment trust (REIT) whose  
purpose is to improve the lives of our team members, customers and shareholders,  
one experience at a time. We are a S&P 400 Company primarily engaged in  
the ownership, management, development, redevelopment, acquisition, and 
construction of multifamily apartment communities. Camden has been a publicly-
traded REIT since 1993 and has a high-quality, geographically diverse portfolio of 
apartment communities located in some of the nation’s highest growth markets. 
Our strategy of focusing our operations in markets with some of the highest 
projected employment and population growth helps to ensure sustainable 
demand for Camden’s apartment homes.
We are committed to being the best multifamily company by providing Living 
Excellence to our customers. Camden has consistently distinguished itself 
by demonstrating its company values and creating positive relationships with 
stakeholders including residents, associates, suppliers, investors, and members 
of the local communities in which it operates. Our workforce totals approximately 
1,700 employees and the Company is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
Camden’s purpose is to 
improve the lives of our 
team members, customers 
and shareholders, one 
experience at a time. We  
are committed to creating 
long-term value and 
integrating sustainable 
practices into all aspects  
of our business.E S G
Our Purpose
CUSTOMER FOCUSED
PEOPLE DRIVENTEAM PLAYER
LEADS BY EXAMPLERESULTS ORIENTEDWORKS SMART
ALWAYS DOES THE RIGHT THING
ACTS WITH INTEGRITYHAS FUN
3 2Camden At-A-Glance
DENVER
DALLAS
HOUSTONAUSTINPHOENIXNASHVILLE
TAMPAORLANDORALEIGH
SOUTHEAST FLORIDALOS ANGELES/ORANGE COUNTY
SAN DIEGO/
INLAND EMPIRECHARLOTTEWASHINGTON DC METRO
ATLANTA15
Markets $19B
Total Market Cap $1B
2020 Revenue 21
Green Building Certifications
172
Operating Communities ~100,000
Residents 1,705
Employees (as of 12/31/20)
58,682
Apartment Homes
6
Development 
Communities
1,905
Development  
Apartment Homes39%
Urban Locations
62%
Low-Rise26%
Mid-Rise9%
High-Rise3%
Mixed61%
Suburban LocationsAtlanta  15   4,862
Austin  11   3,686
Charlotte  15  3,491
Dallas  14  5,666
Denver  9  2,865
Houston  28  9,806
Los Angeles/ 
 Orange County   7  2,663
Nashville 2 758Orlando  11  3,954
Phoenix  14  4,426
Raleigh  10  3,596
San Diego/ 
 Inland Empire  6  1,797
Southeast Florida  9  3,050
Tampa  8  3,104
Washington DC Metro  19   6,863
Total 178 60,587 MARKET  COMMUNITIES  APARTMENT 
   HOMES MARKET  COMMUNITIES  APARTMENT 
   HOMES
Note: Data as of September 30, 2021Building TypePartnerships & Programs Recent Awards & Recognition
• National Apartment Association (NAA)
• Institute of Real Estate Management 
(IREM)
• National Investor Relations Institute 
(NIRI)
• Urban Land Institute (ULI)
• Global Real Estate Sustainability 
Benchmark (GRESB)
FORTUNE 100 Best Companies 
to Work For® 2021  
14 consecutive years in a rowPEOPLE Companies 
That Care®
Glassdoor Employees’  
Choice Award  
2020 Best Places to WorkNareit 2020 Investor  
CARE Award for  
Large Cap Equity REIT#8
#25 SILVER#7
CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
(includes six properties currently under development)
CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
5 4To Our Stakeholders
We are pleased to present Camden’s 2020 Corporate Responsibility 
Report, highlighting our commitment to demonstrating good 
corporate citizenship and Creating a Sustainable Future for our 
company, its stakeholders, and future generations. Since the launch 
of our targeted sustainability and environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) efforts in 2018, we have made significant 
progress in many areas of ESG and are sharing information on 
those efforts in this report. Last year we discussed several ESG 
programs and initiatives that we would be working on during 2020 
and 2021, and we are excited to announce our achievements to 
date in those areas.
OVERALL 
We recently completed a materiality assessment of 21 key ESG items, surveying 
both internal and external stakeholders to determine those items deemed most 
important and critical to Camden’s long-term success, the results of which are 
shown in the materiality assessment matrix on page six of this report. By engaging 
a variety of stakeholders in this important exercise, we gained valuable insight into 
how to best prioritize future focus areas for our sustainability and ESG programs.
ENVIRONMENTAL
Our efforts to collect historical utility data regarding energy consumption, water 
usage and waste management are now complete, providing us with several years 
of historical data and allowing us to set future goals and targets to reduce our 
energy and water consumption by 15%, reduce landfill-bound waste by 15%, and 
increase the amount of electricity procured from renewable sources to 15% over 
the next 10 years. We plan to share our progress in each of these areas with you in 
future reports and have included select environmental performance data for 2019 
and 2020 in the appendix of this report.
Addressing climate change and resiliency was another key initiative for us, so we 
completed a physical risk assessment of our portfolio, evaluating climate hazards 
and exposure in several weather categories including earthquakes, floods, heat 
stress, hurricanes and typhoons, sea level rise, water stress and wildfires. We 
currently have policies and procedures in place to address each of these risks and 
emergency operating plans to follow if any of these weather-related events were 
to occur. 
SOCIAL
We have taken steps to reaffirm our commitment to justice and equality for all. 
Camden established a DEI Committee and our Chairman & CEO also signed the 
CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion™ pledge. In addition, Camden and its 
employees donated nearly $275,000 to organizations that assist and support 
underrepresented communities and promote diversity and inclusion. Our continued dedication to workplace excellence resulted in 
Camden recently being named #8 on FORTUNE Magazine’s 
list of the 100 Best Companies to Work For® in America, 
marking 14 consecutive years of recognition on that list.  
We also earned several other national awards from FORTUNE  
for our high rankings among Women and Millennials, and were 
again named as one of PEOPLE Magazine’s “Companies  
that Care®.”
GOVERNANCE
Enhancing the oversight of our sustainability and ESG 
programs was another item we addressed in 2020 and 2021, 
appointing our Chairman & CEO to lead our Sustainability 
Committee and naming him Chairman of Camden’s new 
DEI Committee. In addition, we added ESG oversight to the 
duties and responsibilities of Camden’s Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Trust 
Managers. We also updated and enhanced our Vendor 
Code of Conduct and established policies and statements 
regarding Sustainability and Human Rights, all of which are 
currently available on our website.
We appreciate this opportunity to share information on our 
sustainability and ESG efforts with you, and we will continue 
to focus on Creating a Sustainable Future as we move 
forward in our journey. We know being a resilient company 
with a long-term sustainable business plan will help us 
continue to create value and returns for our stakeholders. 
Thank you for your continued support.
Respectfully,
 Richard J. Campo
 Chairman & CEO
 D. Keith Oden
 Executive Vice Chairman
Recent ESG Highlights 
Materiality Assessment
We recently surveyed internal and external 
stakeholders to determine the ESG items 
they deemed most important and critical to  
Camden’s long-term success.
Goals & Targets
Camden has committed to reducing our 
energy and water consumption, diverting 
more waste from landfills, and procuring  
more energy from renewable sources.
Climate Change  
& Resiliency
We recently completed a physical risk 
assessment of our portfolio and are 
enhancing policies, procedures  
and plans to address climate change  
and resiliency.
Diversity, Equity  
& Inclusion (DEI)
Camden established a formal DEI committee, 
signed the CEO Action for Diversity 
and Inclusion™ pledge, and donated to 
organizations furthering DEI efforts.
Workplace Excellence
For the 14th consecutive year, Camden was 
ranked as one of the 100 Best Companies to 
Work For® by FORTUNE Magazine.
Board Diversity
Camden has one of the most diverse Boards 
in the industry, comprised of 30% female and 
40% diverse members.
“
”COVID-19 Update
The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant global 
impact and affected the lives of our stakeholders in 
many ways during 2020 and into 2021. Camden’s 
top priority during this unprecedented time was the 
health and safety of our team members, customers, 
residents and stakeholders, and we implemented a 
wide range of policies to protect and support these 
groups. The Company’s leasing offices have operated by 
appointment only when needed but always continued 
to provide ongoing essential services to both existing 
and prospective residents. Camden has managed 
the volume of in-person contact by offering virtual 
tours, online and phone support, and a Contact Center 
with around-the-clock, full-time support for both 
resident and employee needs. In the initial phases of 
the pandemic, Camden supported residents who were 
financially impacted by the pandemic by providing 
resources and flexibility, offering zero rent increases on 
lease renewals, waiving late fees, and creating payment 
plans before government mandates were put in place. 
We also temporarily paused evictions for residents who 
were financially impacted by the pandemic but were 
working with Camden and local government agencies  
to find a viable solution to their situation.
In addition, Camden established a Resident Relief Fund 
for residents experiencing pandemic-related issues, 
providing financial assistance for living expenses such 
as food, utilities, medical expenses, insurance, childcare 
or transportation. The Resident Relief Fund assisted 
nearly 8,200 Camden residents with over $10 million 
paid in cash directly to our residents. Camden also 
added $1 million to its existing Employee Relief Fund  
to assist employees who faced financial challenges  
due to the pandemic, with grants made to more  
than 400 employees. Additionally, Camden paid its 
on-site operations and construction employees nearly 
$3 million as a frontline bonus for the ongoing essential 
services they provided during the early days of the 
pandemic. We will continue to monitor the pandemic 
situation during 2021 and remain committed to 
providing both a safe work environment and a healthy 
living environment for our team members, customers, 
residents and stakeholders.Incorporating sustainability 
and ESG into our overall 
business strategy has been 
a key focus for Camden over  
the past several years,and 
it is critical to Camden’s 
long-term success.

7 6CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Materiality Assessment Our Sustainability Commitment
During 2020, we surveyed approximately 100 members of Camden’s leadership 
team to determine the ESG items they deemed most important and critical to 
Camden’s long-term success. The results of this initial assessment revealed 
the top areas of focus for Camden should involve reducing energy usage, 
water usage, and waste production at our apartment communities; continuing 
our many programs for employee and resident engagement; and adhering to 
the highest standards of corporate governance by having strong business 
ethics and transparency, and honoring data privacy and cybersecurity. We 
recently performed a more comprehensive survey of both internal and external 
stakeholders regarding these same ESG items, and the results are shown in 
the materiality assessment matrix below. We plan to refresh our materiality 
assessment on a regular basis to ensure we are focusing on key areas most 
important to Camden and all of its stakeholders.Camden is committed to operating in an environmentally responsible manner, 
and we continue to identify and implement innovative sustainable practices 
that support our communities, customers, residents and team members, while 
reducing our reliance on natural resources and reinforcing our commitment to 
being a responsible corporate citizen. Some of Camden’s key environmental 
initiatives focus on reducing our energy usage and waste volumes, conserving 
water, and evaluating renewable energy sources, which in turn reduce our 
greenhouse gas emissions and carbon footprint. Other strategic priorities include 
green building, reducing carbon emissions associated with building materials,  
and climate change and resiliency.
We published our inaugural 2018 Sustainability Report in early 2019 and  
during 2019 we focused on implementing better ways to track and measure  
our energy consumption, water usage, and waste management. We hired third-
party consultants to assist with utility data collection and improve our overall  
ESG strategy. This effort allowed us to better develop and disclose key 
performance metrics, as well as set reasonable goals and targets which are 
disclosed in this report. We are proud of our ongoing commitment towards 
enhancing our sustainability efforts while also strengthening our relationships 
with various stakeholders.
3 3.533.544.55
4 4.5 5 2.5
INTERNAL RELEVANCEEXTERNAL RELEVANCE
Aﬀordable
HousingRenewable Energy
Projects Sustainable Procurement/
PurchasingCommunity EngagementGreenhouse Gas EmissionsBoard Composition
Designing/Building Sustainable
“Green” Properties
Climate Change &
Resilience Strategy
Recycling/
Waste ManagementWater ConservationCompensation
& Bene/uniFB01tsRisk Management
Energy
ConsumptionBusiness Ethics
Cybersecurity & Sensitive Data
Employee Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Employee Training
& DevelopmentResident/
Customer
EngagementEmployee
Engagement
Talent Attraction/
Employee Retention/
Awards & Recognition
Collected 
utility dataStrengthened 
relationships with 
stakeholders
Implemented better  
ways to track and measure  
our energy consumption,  
water usage and  
waste managementSet goals and 
targets for 
future years
Improved 
overall 
ESG strategyDeveloped and 
disclosed  
key performance 
metrics
Internal stakeholders surveyed included: Camden’s Trust Managers, Officers & Directors.
External stakeholders included: REIT investors, ESG representatives from relevant industry groups,  
& Joint Venture Partners.
Environmental
Environmental Highlights CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
9
 8Environmental Management System 
Environmental stewardship is a central component of Camden’s sustainability 
program and we are committed to continually improving our performance 
through our Environmental Management System (EMS). Camden’s EMS consists 
of actively collecting and organizing our energy, water, and waste data in a 
timely manner. Our EMS ensures processes are in place to support continuous 
improvement, monitor ongoing asset performance, and evaluate unfavorable 
trends in environmental performance. We also communicate best practices across 
our portfolio, conduct site audits to improve overall building performance, and 
evaluate our portfolio routinely to identify further energy and water reduction 
opportunities. Camden’s operational control is limited mainly to the common 
areas of its apartment communities, where we have full authority to implement 
policies and practices. We actively promote and develop sustainability initiatives 
that are practical and cost-effective to improve the environmental performance 
of our portfolio and reduce our carbon footprint. Camden’s EMS provides the 
framework for our ESG strategy and enables us to improve energy efficiency 
and environmental sustainability through consistent review, evaluation, and 
improvement of environmental performance.
EMSIM
PLEMENT
IDENTIFYAN
ALYZEPLANOur EMS integrates procedures and  
processes to improve operating efficiency. 
Plan
Strategy formation;  
Setting goals and targets. 
Analyze
Collect and organize data;  
Process documentation.
Identify
Performance monitoring;  
Evaluate trends. 
Implement
Process standardization;  
Improve asset performance.Green Workplace
Camden utilizes several online programs  
for electronic distribution of information  
to employees, residents and shareholders,  
thereby reducing paper usage and printing. Corporate Headquarters
Our corporate office is located in a building 
with LEED Platinum® certification, and is well 
served by public transportation and close to 
multiple dining and entertaining options.Solar
Our solar project at 
Camden Roosevelt in 
Washington, DC has 
generated 520 MWh  
of energy to date.Water 
We incorporate drought tolerant and/or 
native landscaping when possible and nearly 
half of our portfolio currently has drip/smart 
irrigation systems in place.Transportation 
We have installed 
over 150 electric 
vehicle charging 
stations across 
our portfolio.
Energy Star Portfolio Manager
Our communities adhere to regulatory 
compliance regarding performance  
metrics and EPA regulations. In 2020,  
we submitted energy consumption data 
for 21% of our portfolio using Energy Star 
Portfolio Manager.

CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
11 10Goals & Targets
We are committed to operating in an environmentally responsible manner by  
using our resources wisely and continually seeking ways to reduce our energy 
and water consumption, and enhance our waste management and recycling 
efforts. To help guide our sustainability commitment, we have established 
the following reduction goals and targets related to our energy and water 
consumption as well as our waste management. We have designated 2020 
as our baseline year and look forward to sharing our progress in future reports.Environmental cont.
Climate Change & Resiliency
We recognize the importance of climate change and are committed to  
identifying, mitigating, and managing risks associated with climate change.  
Events driven by climate change cause substantial economic damages. As 
extreme weather events and conditions become more frequent and severe,  
we are committed to continually assessing climate risks and opportunities  
to help us further understand our risks associated with climate change. We  
engaged a third-party consultant to prepare a climate risk assessment of our 
portfolio, which characterized physical climate risk through exposure scores for 
seven climate hazards that are important drivers of business risk: earthquakes,  
floods, heat stress, hurricanes and typhoons, sea level rise, water stress and 
wildfires. We are addressing climate risks by taking preventative measures for 
operating properties, making improvements when repositioning or redeveloping 
communities, and establishing appropriate risk management practices and 
casualty insurance to cover potential damages. We also have risk identification 
and assessment processes in place, which help guide best practices and policies 
and procedures related to climate change. Acquisitions are subject to a due 
diligence process that incorporates physical risk assessments, including a  
review of specific climate-related risks such as flooding and wildfires, and our  
new developments incorporate building resiliency through green building 
certification design and construction choices.
GHG EMISSIONS
reduce common area 
emissions by 15%  
by 2030
WATER
reduce common area 
water use by 15%  
by 2030WASTE
reduce landfill-bound 
waste by 15%  
by 2030RENEWABLE ENERGY
procure 15% of  
electricity for 
common areas from 
renewable sources 
by 2030ENERGY
reduce common area  
energy use by 15%  
by 2030We recognize the 
importance of climate 
change and are 
committed to identifying,  
mitigating,and managing 
risks associated with 
climate change.
Richard J. Campo
Chairman & CEO
“
”
CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
13 12Environmental cont.
Energy, Water & Waste
ENERGY
Camden’s energy conservation programs focus on installing energy-efficient products 
and implementing programs that lower costs and reduce overall energy usage, and we 
are committed to finding other projects and opportunities to reduce our consumption. 
We upgraded to LED lighting in common areas and parking garages for most of our 
portfolio, installed programmable thermostats, and implemented programs, controls 
and more efficient maintenance requirements to further reduce energy costs. We 
continue to actively monitor and improve and/or update HVAC systems utilizing 
property management software to identify and address refrigerant leak management 
and equipment malfunction. We also look for other ways to reduce energy usage by 
pursuing appliance procurement programs, allowing high-efficiency Energy Star 
appliances and products to be purchased more cost effectively through national 
contracts. We are investigating additional energy reduction opportunities and 
savings, including energy procurement services, demand response programs, and  
rate and tax assurance. We also plan to further engage our residents on the 
importance of green awareness and energy conservation.
Secure bicycle  
racks, storage and  
repair stations
LED lighting  
throughout  
the community
Continuous  
exhaustHigh-efficiency 
bathroom fixturesHigh-quality air filters, exhaust 
fans and ventilation systemsUtilizing Capture Coating™  
in nearly all common area  
HVAC systems
Programmable 
thermostats
Low VOC flooring, paints,  
adhesives and sealantsEfficient building  
envelope materials  
including windows  
and doors
Energy Star®  
certified appliances
Drought tolerant and/or 
native landscapingUse of reclaimed 
water for irrigationRain sensors 
on irrigation 
systemsSubmetering for 
water services
Use of  
recycled stoneRecycling containers 
for residentsEnergy-efficient 
windows and  
doors
Note: Features shown in illustrations are not available at all Camden communities.Green Apartments
We also have a feature-rich resident portal, MyCamden, which offers online service requests 
and rent payment options, allowing transactions to be completed in a time-efficient, environ-
mentally friendly manner.
80% +
We also provide waste removal 
and recycling services through 
Valet Living Doorstep® and  
Trash Butler™ in over 80% of  
our communities, resulting in 
operational cost savings and 
increased recycling.150+
Over 150 electric vehicle charging stations 
across our portfolio.
Electric  vehicle charging stations

CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT15 14
Environmental cont.
Energy, Water & Waste cont.
WATER
Camden’s water conservation programs focus on reducing both interior and 
exterior water usage at our communities by choosing more efficient building 
products and implementing environmentally friendly landscaping programs.  
We incorporate drought tolerant and/or native landscaping when possible and 
nearly half of our portfolio currently has drip/smart irrigation systems in place. 
Drip/smart irrigation systems save water by adjusting the watering schedule, 
and irrigating and fertilizing landscaping at the roots. Water efficiency updates 
include various improvements such as replacing existing bathroom fixtures 
with high-efficiency toilets, faucets and showerheads, and we also utilize a  
third-party service provider to monitor water usage for leak detection. We are 
actively exploring other programs to further reduce water consumption, including 
a pilot on two communities for Smart Water, which actively monitors water to 
capture usage, leaks and overall meter health, and will include a web application 
where our operations teams will receive alerts and updates to quickly correct 
issues and mitigate risk. Green Building Certifications
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design   
(LEED) – Gold®
Camden Rainey Street  Austin, TX
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design   
(LEED) – Silver®
Camden Belmont  Dallas, TX
Camden Music Row Nashville, TN
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design   
(LEED) – Certified®
Camden Shady Grove Rockville, MD
Camden Washingtonian Gaithersburg, MD
National Green Building Standard (NGBS) – Silver
Camden Flatirons Denver, CO
Camden Gallery Charlotte, NC
Camden Lamar Heights Austin, TX
Camden Lincoln Station Lone Tree, CO
Camden RiNo Denver, CO
Camden Southline Charlotte, NC
Camden Waterford Lakes Orlando, FL
The Camden Hollywood, CA
National Green Building Standard (NGBS) – Bronze
Camden Grandview II Charlotte, NC
Camden Paces Atlanta, GA
Camden Victory Park Dallas, TX
Green Built Gulf Coast (GBGC) – Silver
Camden McGowen Station Houston, TX
GreenPoint Rated (GPR) – Platinum
Camden Glendale Glendale, CA
Austin Energy Green Building (AEGB)®
Camden Cedar Hills, 2-Stars Austin, TX
Camden Rainey Street, 1-Star Austin, TX
Camden Shadow Brook, 2-Stars Austin, TXWASTE
Camden’s waste management and recycling programs 
are designed to minimize our environmental impact. We 
offer residents an option to recycle at most communities 
by providing recycling containers, doorstep pickup, and 
designated recycling areas. We also provide waste removal 
and recycling services through Valet Living Doorstep® and 
Trash Butler™ in over 80% of our communities, resulting 
in operational cost savings and increased recycling. We 
continue to engage with third-party vendors to better 
manage waste and recycling and improve waste processes 
across our portfolio. We are exploring waste management 
technology to help gauge trash volumes and optimize 
pickups, content, and contamination levels while also 
reducing costs associated with waste overages.Design choices for our corporate office  
resulted in a LEED ID+C Commercial Interiors 
Silver certification.

CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
17 16New Development  
& ConstructionCamden strives to reduce energy usage, conserve water, protect air quality, 
recycle and manage building waste throughout our development, redevelopment, 
construction and renovation processes, as well as in our ongoing property 
operations. Green building certifications are fundamental to our sustainability 
program. These certifications validate that our building operations meet or  
exceed specified design or performance requirements set by recognized 
standards such as NGBS, LEED, and Energy Star. We require NGBS certification  
on every new development project, and each proposal presented to Camden’s 
Investment Committee includes additional analysis for obtaining LEED 
certification. We are also evaluating the feasibility of obtaining operations  
and maintenance certifications on our existing assets.
We are committed to selecting development sites that are not in environmentally 
protected areas and strive to use brownfield sites or previously developed  
land instead of greenfield sites when possible. Site selection involves an integrated 
design approach that allows our design team to incorporate sustainable design 
standards into our drawings early in the design process. Our due diligence process 
for acquisitions involves identifying and evaluating all aspects of environmental 
risks involved when acquiring new properties. Our checklist for new acquisitions 
includes a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment, collecting utility data, green 
building attributes or certifications, building safety, compliance with regulatory 
requirements, opportunities for physical improvements, health and wellness, and 
community relations. Camden incorporates many sustainable practices in its 
ordinary course of business including monitoring workplace health and safety 
indicators at construction sites, adhering to health and safety policies for new 
development and construction sites at all projects, and operating in compliance 
with an internationally recognized health and safety management system. BUILDING MATERIALS
The production of materials used for construction projects  
is one of the main contributors to carbon emissions in our 
industry. We strive to improve our environmental impact 
through initiatives such as sustainable building practices, 
responsible procurement, and green awareness. We also 
communicate the importance of using environmentally 
friendly materials, including product specification that  
meets specific sustainability labeling and eliminates “Red 
Listed” products to the best extent possible; avoiding 
harmful ingredients and materials (pollutants to air, land, 
water and human health); using locally-sourced materials  
to reduce impacts of transportation; and decreasing  
wasteful packaging and production processes. Green  
building materials utilized by Camden include low VOC 
flooring, paints, adhesives and sealants; recycled stone or 
metal; materials that are non-toxic and recyclable or that 
have been reclaimed from other construction projects;  
and carpeting and flooring made of recycled materials. We 
strive to incorporate energy-efficient lighting and appliances, 
install high-efficiency bathroom fixtures, select indigenous, 
climate-friendly plantings with water-efficient drip/smart 
irrigation systems, and choose environmentally friendly 
products when selecting various building materials.REPOSITIONING, REDEVELOPING & REPURPOSING
Camden began a repositioning program nearly a decade 
ago, which consists of renovating well-located 15- to 
20-year-old communities. The program allows us to not 
only update kitchen and bath areas, appliances, flooring 
and fixtures, but also improve the energy efficiency and 
sustainability of our portfolio. We renovated over 33,000 
apartment homes across our portfolio through 2020. We 
believe these renovation efforts help reduce our overall 
impact on the environment while improving customers’ lives 
in an environmentally friendly manner. Our redevelopment 
program consists of upgrading 10- to 15-year-old mid-rise 
and high-rise communities, and expands the scope of our 
typical repositioning program to include more extensive 
exterior and amenity upgrades. We recently completed 
our current redevelopment program which included four 
communities with 1,750 apartment homes. We have also 
identified ways to repurpose underutilized common area 
spaces at several Camden communities. We launched 
grab-n-go market concepts at multiple communities that 
provide convenient access to store items frequently used 
by residents. We are building a Craftwork micro café at one 
community that will offer gourmet coffees in the morning 
and other refreshments in the afternoon. We also activated 
and monetized common area spaces like movie-viewing 
rooms and clubhouses, by making these available for rent 
by non-residents on Peerspace. In addition, we have taken 
an active approach to reinventing our rooftop spaces and 
repurposing underutilized and outdated sports courts into 
revenue-producing apartment homes.
7
Employees with LEED  
Professional Credentials
1
Number of TRUE Advisors
Green building materials utilized by Camden 
include low VOC flooring, paints, adhesives 
and sealants; recycled stone or metal; 
materials that are non-toxic and recyclable 
or that have been reclaimed from other 
construction projects; and carpeting and 
flooring made of recycled materials. 
33,000+
Our repositioning program consists of 
renovating well-located 15- to 20-year-old 
communities, and to date through 2020 
we completed renovations on over 33,000 
apartment homes across our portfolio.
GAME ROOM PRE-REPURPOSE TWO 1-BEDROOM UNITS POST-REPURPOSE


CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
19 18
FEATURED DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITY
Camden Downtown
Houston, TexasWATER CONSERVATION
• High-efficiency bathroom fixtures to meet  
or exceed local conservation standards
• Individual water submeters for  
apartment homes
• Indigenous, climate-friendly plantings 
with water-efficient, submetered, 
drip irrigation system
 
AIR QUALITY
• Low VOC flooring, paints, adhesives  
and sealants
• Continuous exhaust in parking garage
• Non-smoking communityRECYCLING & WASTE MANAGEMENT
• Recycling bins located throughout  
the community
• 75% of all construction waste was diverted 
from landfills to recycling plants
• Use of regional, sustainable and recycled 
building materials
TRANSPORTATION
• Secure bicycle racks, storage and  
repair stations
• Electric vehicle charging stations
• Nearby public transportation
• City of Houston designated green  
bicycle lanes
• Located in the heart of Downtown Houston, 
across the street from City of Houston Park
• Walk Score 77, Transit Score 82,  
Bike Score 65
ENERGY EFFICIENCY
• Efficient building envelope with low 
permeability rate
• Solarban z75 glazing with Low E coating
• Cool roof system
• High-efficiency natural gas condensed water 
heating and cooling system
• Occupancy sensors for garage lighting  
and interior common areas with LED fixtures 
throughout the community
• Programmable thermostats
• Shading study completed for building facadeCamden Downtown is an upscale, 271-home, high-rise apartment community 
completed in 2020, located adjacent to Root Park and the Toyota Center 
in Downtown Houston, and is within walking distance of Discovery Green 
and Minute Maid Park. This Class “A” property includes an outdoor amenity 
deck, resident sky lounge, business center, and Aqua Lounge with outdoor 
dining and cooking. Other amenities include a yoga and spin studio, 24-hour 
concierge, and around-the-clock, emergency on-call maintenance.

CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
21 20
FEATURED DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITY
Camden RiNo
National Green Building Standard (NGBS), Silver®
Denver, ColoradoWATER CONSERVATION
• High-efficiency bathroom fixtures  
certified to meet or exceed EPA  
WaterSense standards
• Individual water submeters and water heater 
leak detection in apartment homes
• Storm water detention vault with sand 
filtration and trickle flow outfall structure
• Indigenous, climate-friendly plantings 
with water-efficient drip irrigation system 
AIR QUALITY
• Energy Star low sones quiet ventilation fans
• Low VOC flooring, paints, adhesives  
and sealants
• CO 2 and harmful gas detection system with 
exhaust fans in parking garage
• Non-smoking communityRECYCLING & WASTE MANAGEMENT
• Recycling bins located throughout  
the community
• Pet waste stations
• Use of regional, sustainable and recycled 
building materials
• Soil remediation conducted through CO 
Voluntary Cleanup and Redevelopment Act
TRANSPORTATION
• Secure bicycle racks, storage and  
repair stations
• Electric vehicle charging stations
• Nearby public transportation
• Discounted public transportation passes 
available to residents
• Close to city bike share stations
• Walk Score 90, Transit Score 59,  
Bike Score 96
ENERGY EFFICIENCY
• Efficient building envelope materials 
including windows and doors
• Reflective roof system
• High-efficiency furnaces and  
condensing units
• Ultra-violet ray blocking solar shades in 
apartment homes
• Lighting occupancy sensors and daylight 
sensors for common areas
• Programmable thermostats
• LED lighting throughout the community
• Energy Star certified appliances and fansCamden RiNo is a 233-home, mid-rise apartment community completed in 
2020, located in the up-and-coming River North Arts District near Downtown 
Denver. The community is located within the Larimer Square, known for its 
historical architecture, thriving art scene, and boutique shopping and dining. 
On-site amenities include live/workspaces, sculpture courtyard, resident 
clubhouse with gaming lounge, and fitness center. Camden RiNo is near The 
Infinite Monkey Theorem, Improper City, and is within walking distance of Coors 
Field, home of the Colorado Rockies, and the Lower Downtown Area, or LoDo.

CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
23 22
FEATURED REDEVELOPMENT COMMUNITY
Camden Las Olas
Fort Lauderdale, FloridaENERGY EFFICIENCY
• LED lighting throughout the community
• Programmable and Wi-Fi  
compatible thermostats
WATER CONSERVATION
• Drip irrigation system
• Water leak detection systems in all unit 
water heater pans
• High-efficiency bathroom fixtures  
certified to meet or exceed EPA  
WaterSense standardsAIR QUALITY
• Low VOC flooring, paints, adhesives  
and sealants
• Non-smoking community
RECYCLING & WASTE MANAGEMENT
• Recycling bins located throughout  
the community
• Adaptive reuse of existing space
• Locally sourced pavers and materials
• Recycled concrete
• Recycled content in carpeting and flooring
TRANSPORTATION
• Electric vehicle charging stations
• Walk Score 92, Transit Score 56,  
Bike Score 52
INTERIOR UPGRADES
• New cabinetry
• Quartz countertops
• Brushed nickel fixtures
• Energy Star certified appliances
EXTERIOR UPGRADES
• Pool renovation, and updated pool deck  
and furniture
• Office remodel
• New flooring
• Wexler interactive system for fitness center
• Dog park and wash area additionCamden Las Olas is a 420-home, high-rise community built in 2004 and 
fully renovated in 2020, located in Downtown Fort Lauderdale, and is within 
walking distance of the lively Las Olas Boulevard, Arts District, and shopping 
and dining. The community recently underwent extensive renovations 
to enhance the look and feel and efficiency of the property. Camden 
Las Olas features a resident lounge and community workspace, elevated 
sundeck with city views, fitness center, and street level retail shops.BEFORE
BEFORE
BEFORE
BEFOREAFTER
AFTER
AFTER
AFTER

Social
Social Highlights CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
25 24A Great Workplace 
Camden is committed to creating a great working environment that fosters the 
well-being, health and happiness of all associates. Our team members are given 
meaningful opportunities to provide feedback and effect change. Each year 
we participate in the Great Place to Work® Employee Trust Index™ survey to 
measure employee engagement and collect feedback, which leadership carefully 
reviews to determine how to better meet the needs of our team members.
When you join 
the company, you 
are made to feel 
welcome.
I’m proud to tell 
others I work here.Our facilities  
contribute to a  
good working  
environment.
I feel good about 
the ways we 
contribute to the 
community.Our executives fully 
embody the best 
characteristics of 
our company.96%
of employees say 
Camden is a GREAT 
place to work!98%
97% 97% 97%97%National & Regional Awards
Camden has been recognized as one  
of the best places to work nationally and  
in many of our major markets. Our team  
members strive to achieve excellence every 
day and exhibit true teamwork in all they do.
#8  FORTUNE 100 Best Companies  
 to Work For® 2021
#2  FORTUNE Best Workplaces for  
 Hispanics and Latinos 2021
#32  FORTUNE Best Workplaces for  
 Millennials™ 2021
#49  FORTUNE Best Workplaces for  
 Women™ 2021
#1  HOUSTON CHRONICLE  
 Top Workplaces in Houston 2020
#7  PEOPLE Companies that Care® 2021
#25  Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award 
 2020 Best Places to Work
#29  GREAT PLACE TO WORK  
 Best Workplaces in Texas™ 2021
We have been recognized as one  
of the 100 Best Companies to Work 
For® by FORTUNE Magazine for  
14 consecutive years.14 YRS Richard J. Campo 
Chairman & CEO 
MFE Hall of Fame Member
One of Most Admired CEOs  
by Houston Business JournalMalcolm Stewart
President & Chief Operating Officer
CREW Catalyst Award Winner
Laurie Baker
Executive Vice President of Operations
NMHC Racial Equity Taskforce MemberRecent Executive Awards & Recognition
CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
27 26Social cont.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
We believe a great workplace fosters an environment where 
all employees can thrive and grow, and where differences 
are both encouraged and celebrated. The events of 2020 
changed the collective conversation about diversity, equity 
and inclusion (DEI). We are taking a more intentional 
approach at Camden and have established a DEI Committee 
which is chaired by our Chairman & CEO. Each Camden team 
member brings unique skills, experiences and perspectives 
to Camden, and we continue to promote and encourage 
diversity, equity and inclusion throughout our organization. 
Our commitment is to promote a diverse organization 
reflective of our residents and communities. We believe 
these efforts are socially responsible, foundational to 
Camden’s success, and essential to delivering on our 
“Why,” which is to improve the lives of our team members, 
customers and shareholders, one experience at a time. 
Camden embraces all team members as full and valued 
members of the organization. Together we innovate, 
collaborate, and deliver consistently strong business results. 
Our continued commitment to furthering DEI at Camden 
has resulted in our workforce reflecting a broad base of 
talent, with true diversity amongst our team members in 
aspects of gender, generation and ethnicity.Management Data2New Hire Data3Promotions Data4
39% 61%
45%
37%18%
73%15%7%5%64% 36% 58% 42%
75%20%5%
81%13%6%
39%
32%18%11%
46%
35%12%7%
1  Based on 1,705 total employees as of 12/31/20 
2  Based on employees with title of Manager or higher as of 12/31/20
3  Based on employees hired during 2020
4  Based on employees promoted during 2020Total Employment1
58% 42%
58%
28%14%
44%
35%14%7%➥
GENDER
n Male
n Female
➥
GENERATION
n Millennials  
 (Ages < 38)
n Gen X  
 (Ages 39–54)
n Baby Boomers   
 (Ages > 55)
➥
ETHNICITY
n White
n Hispanic
n African American
n Other5.9 YRS
11.5 YRS
19.7%Average Employee Tenure
Average Management Tenure
Annual Employee Turnover
Camden provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment 
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability, genetic 
information, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, military or 
veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. Camden is a better, more 
successful company because of our dedication to diversity, equity and inclusion.

CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
29Social cont.
Collaboration, respect for others, and innovation have been practiced at  
Camden from the beginning and are critical to creating our inclusive environment. 
Camden’s CEO recently joined a community of nearly 2,000 companies by  
signing the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™ pledge, further highlighting  
our commitment to enhance diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace. 
Striving to increase workplace diversity is not an empty phrase – it is a good 
business decision. At Camden, all are welcome and encouraged to succeed.  
We recognize DEI is a transformational force in business and society. Together,  
we celebrate our diversity, commit to equity, and drive inclusion to achieve  
higher collective performance.
DEI lives here. At Camden, our DEI objectives are woven through our culture, 
talent, and business strategies. EQUITY IN ACTION
Camden has consistently demonstrated its commitment to diversity and  
inclusion, and its focus on creating a workplace where employees are encouraged 
to share their ideas, contribute their best work, and use their strengths to  
improve the lives of others. The results of these efforts are reflected in the true 
diversity of Camden’s team, and in the many accolades the Company has received 
for its positive corporate culture and workplace excellence. Camden recently 
performed an analysis of current compensation levels across Camden to ensure 
everyone is compensated fairly. We consider this an ongoing process and will 
continue to ensure pay equity company-wide. This includes regularly reviewing  
job descriptions and market data, and analyzing comparable groups to ensure fair 
and equitable pay practices. We continue to seek additional opportunities to 
improve and enhance our existing DEI programs, further ensuring the long-term 
success of our company.
COMMITMENT TO JUSTICE & EQUALITY
At Camden, taking care of people has always been our highest priority. It starts 
with a commitment to care for each other. We have taken steps to reaffirm 
our commitment to justice and equality for all. Camden’s executives and team 
members donated nearly $275,000 to organizations that assist and support 
underrepresented communities and promote diversity and inclusion. We stand 
firmly against racism and inequality, and will continue to support and promote 
racial equity.Diversity, Equity & Inclusion cont.
Our“OneTeam,OneVision”approachcommunicatestwo important messages: 
1) Camden’s team is made stronger when we embrace and leverage 
 our individual talents and differences;and 
2) working together as one team,we will achieve our shared vision  
 to be the leader in our industry.
Culture
All team members at 
Camden feel a true sense  
of belonging and purpose. Talent
We hold ourselves 
accountable for ensuring 
there is diversity in our 
talent pipeline, equity in  
our policy, and inclusion  
in our practice.Business
DEI enables innovation and 
serves the future needs of 
our business. Camden’s CEO recently joined a community  
of nearly 2,000 companies by signing the 
CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™ pledge,  
further highlighting our commitment to  
enhance diversity, equity and inclusion  
in the workplace.
$275K
In 2020, Camden employees donated nearly 
$275,000 to organizations that assist and 
support underrepresented communities and 
promote diversity and inclusion.
CULTURE TALENT BUSINESS
28Camden is committed to compliance with 
all federal, state, and local fair housing laws, 
and will not discriminate against any person 
because of race, color, religion, national origin, 
sexual orientation, familial status, disability, 
or any other specific classes protected by 
applicable laws. We provide reasonable 
accommodations or modifications based upon 
disability-related needs, and we also make 
sure people with disabilities have access 
to our goods and services, including those 
offered through our website, to ensure digital 
content is available to everyone.
CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
31 30Social cont.
Learning & Development 
Camden’s team members are our greatest asset. The Company’s mission, 
vision and values are incorporated into our employee training and development 
programs. Camden is committed to helping employees improve their personal 
and professional lives through training and career development, coaching 
and mentoring, and continuing education programs. Our in-house learning 
center is available to all employees and offers over 8,000 courses in subjects 
such as leadership, management, fair housing and compliance, and health and 
safety training. We also require training on sexual harassment, discrimination, 
cybersecurity, and sensitive data awareness. In 2020, Camden team members 
completed nearly 14,000 hours of training, including more than 9,000 hours of 
classroom instruction. 
Professional development opportunities are an important aspect of Camden’s 
culture, and the Company values leadership at every level. Creating a positive 
and inclusive workplace begins with developing a strong set of effective 
employee retention strategies for all team members. Camden developed and 
implemented Launch, a management training program that takes managers on 
a learning journey throughout their Camden career. This learning experience has 
been designed specifically for managers and focuses on 10 Camden Leadership 
Accelerators that will support success as a Camden manager. The curriculum 
is infused with Camden’s values and is packed with exercises, simulations and 
activities, and includes personal stories from Camden executives about their 
Camden journeys, referred to as “Lessons with Leaders” sessions. Leaders share 
important lessons learned during their careers and how Camden’s values and 
culture affected their decision-making.Compensation & Benefits 
Camden has formal programs and benefits designed to retain team members and 
provide support as they navigate their personal and professional lives. To ensure 
we maintain our commitment to team members and compensation objectives, our 
human resources team participates in regular compensation and benefits surveys 
to see how we compare to other companies in our industry. Camden devotes a 
significant portion of its compensation resources to providing high-quality health 
benefits, and our health benefit premiums are among the most competitive in our 
industry. In addition, Camden currently pays all of its employees at or above a rate 
of $15 per hour.
We are passionate about promoting a healthy lifestyle at Camden and are proud 
to offer a valuable and inclusive benefits package ensuring a comprehensive range 
of benefits. We have formal programs intended to positively impact team members  
such as healthcare, rent discounts, education allowance, and scholarships for their 
children. More importantly, Camden supports an environment in which coworkers 
become extended family members and respond with generosity and open hearts 
in times of crisis, joy, and celebration. 
The Company’s current employee benefits include, but are not limited to:
• Financial Wellness Programs 
• Flexible Spending Accounts  
• Health Savings Account  
• Life Insurance 
• Medical, Prescription Drug, Dental 
and Vision Plans 
• Paid Time Off 
• Parental Leave Pay
• Short-Term and Long-Term  
Disability Income 
• Voluntary Accident Insurance• 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan 
• Accidental Death and  
Dismemberment Insurance 
• Adoption Benefits 
• Critical Illness and Hospital Indemnity
• Employee Apartment Discount 
• Employee Assistance Program  
• Employee Emergency Relief Fund 
• Employee Referral Program 
• Employee Share Purchase Plan  
• Employee Vacation Suites
One of Camden’s most cherished mantras is “never stop learning.” Camden 
encourages team members to discover their strengths and cultivate new 
interests. We offer tuition assistance to team members working to earn industry 
designations from various organizations. We also support team members who 
continue their education at an accredited educational institution through our 
Education Assistance Program. In 2020, 92 employees received education-
related assistance totaling nearly $300,000. Our Camden Scholarship Fund  
is another distinctive program helping Camden team members send their children 
to college. In 2020, our Camden Scholarship Fund awarded scholarships to  
46 students totaling $187,000. Since inception in 2007, the Company has 
awarded scholarships to 684 students totaling approximately $2.6 million.~$300K
We also support team members who continue 
their education at an accredited educational 
institution through our Education Assistance 
Program. In 2020, 92 employees received 
education-related assistance totaling nearly 
$300,000. 
Employee Recognition
In 2020, 33 associates received Regional 
ACE (Achieving Camden Excellence) Awards, 
honoring team members who demonstrate 
excellence in the workplace and consistently 
exemplify Camden’s core values, with 13 of 
those team members earning National ACE 
Awards as well. NEVER STOP LEARNING
One of Camden’s most cherished mantras is 
“never stop learning.” Camden encourages 
team members to discover their strengths 
and cultivate new interests.
“
”Developinga highly-  
talented workforce 
and providing robust 
learning opportunities 
are essential to our  
ongoing success.
Cindy Scharringhausen
Senior Vice President of Human Resources  
14,000+
Total Hours of Training  
in 2020

CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
33 32Social cont.
Health & Wellness – Employees
We are committed to creating a great place to work that fosters the well-being, 
health and happiness of all team members. Camden Living Well is our employee 
wellness program, a source for information and resources focused on total well-
being. Well-being is a state of balance that consists of having the appropriate 
resources, opportunities, and commitment needed to achieve optimal health and 
performance for the individual and the organization. The program covers four 
aspects to well-being – physical, emotional, financial, and social – to promote good 
health, happiness, and prosperity both professionally and personally. Camden also 
partners with United Healthcare to offer a weight loss and healthy living program 
called Real Appeal. Real Appeal is a unique, proven program to help people lose 
weight, get healthy, and develop healthier habits. We also encourage Camden 
associates to participate in healthy activities through benefits such as wellness 
programs and discounted gym memberships.
FINANCIAL WELLNESS
Employee productivity no doubt was impacted by financial worries as workers 
experienced more stress during the COVID-19 pandemic. We encourage team 
members to prepare for the future and have a healthy financial life with a secure 
financial situation. We support our employees with their retirement plans and are 
proud to share Camden has a participation rate of almost 99% in our 401(k) plan. 
That means almost everyone at Camden is automatically saving for retirement 
and taking advantage of the matching funds Camden offers. Many resources are 
available on our company’s internal website, and we encourage all team members 
to review savings rates and investment choices to ensure they maintain healthy 
financial stability.
CAMDEN CONNECTIONS
Communication was key in 2020 to maintain Camden’s culture and team 
members’ social connectedness. Motivational videos from leaders, emails of 
appreciation, shout-outs during virtual meetings, virtual team building, team 
appreciation events, and abundant tweets helped keep team members engaged 
with each other. Virtual happy hours, lunches, coffee breaks, and wine tasting 
events were even more fun than anyone previously imagined.
In the spirit of one of our greatest values, Have Fun, corporate office team 
members participated in virtual cooking classes led by Camden’s Vice President 
of Internal Audit and her husband. Participants learned how to make a variety of 
Italian dishes including pasta, risotto, bruschetta, cheese crisps, and a beautiful 
holiday torta. It was a family affair with significant others, children, parents, 
and pets all joining in – some actually cooking while others just followed along. 
This experience allowed team members from our many corporate departments 
to connect and communicate in a unique and fun way outside of regular work 
interactions. We have hosted five virtual cooking classes so far with plans for  
more events in the future.Learning & Development cont.
TALENT TRANSFORMATION
Our Camden teams are amazing and developing our team members is an 
important part of our business. Building a successful team involves not only a  
mix of unique skills and perspectives, but also how people of varying culture, 
ethnicity, race, sexual orientation or gender work together. When people trust 
each other, they are more likely to share ideas, feel empowered and collaborate 
effectively. We place great emphasis on developing our teams which  
is why we are no longer using a traditional performance review; and rather, are 
having weekly conversations about work being done in real time. These “check-
ins” are focused on team members’ strengths and what team leaders can do to 
support their continued development and goals. Two short surveys are conducted 
on a quarterly basis – one related to engagement and one related to performance. 
These surveys increase overall team performance and help our leaders support 
employees and plan for succession. Camden also utilizes StrengthsFinder, a 
Gallup-certified program, to build stronger relationships, help managers recognize 
the contributions of their diverse team members, and encourage team members 
to capitalize on their individual strengths to perform better in their jobs.
In addition to formal training, Camden’s mentoring program supports its newest 
employees by pairing them with an experienced employee to facilitate their 
on-boarding process and immerse them in Camden’s culture. We also offer 
team members the opportunity to become a mentor. The program is designed 
to support what naturally happens in our workplaces – team members helping 
team members. Mentors are culture ambassadors, and they help new colleagues 
recognize the importance of our culture in everyday interactions. They provide 
one-on-one coaching and utilize a detailed training checklist to ensure they 
cover every aspect of the job with mentees. Perhaps even more important than 
the checklist, mentors share their own unique tips on how to be successful in 
the role. We currently have 138 mentors, all of whom passed an application and 
selection process and completed a customized, two-day mentor training course 
at our corporate office. Camden also participates in external mentoring programs, 
and many of our team members are active participants in industry organization 
programs dedicated to employee growth and development.
The first week of November 2020 was 
Camden Mentor Week – a time to show our 
appreciation for our Mentors’ commitment 
to sharing Camden’s culture and making 
a lasting first impression on new Camden 
team members. Mentors across Camden 
were highlighted on social media and  
received personalized notes thanking 
them for all they do.
3.0% 5.5% 1.9%Safety
We are committed to protecting the safety of our employees through safety training and other 
measures. We conduct regular safety inspections across our portfolio to help ensure Camden 
is maintaining a safe work environment for all employees, including a review of Camden’s 
procedures for chemical and fire safety, ladders, moving and lifting, as well as golf cart safety  
and active shooter training.A Culture of Connectedness
Camden’s culture is at the heart of what 
makes Camden a Best Place to Work year 
after year. Despite the pandemic, our teams 
celebrated each other and came together as 
one team to do what we do best – have fun!
Absentee Rate Injury Rate Lost Day Rate
Virtual team building
Cooking classes
Camden Living Well is our employee wellness 
program, a source for information and 
resources focused on total well-being.
99%
Camden supports employees with their 
retirement plans and we are proud that 
almost 99% of all employees participate in 
the 401(k) plan and take advantage of the 
matching funds Camden offers.

35 34Social cont.
Health & Wellness – Residents
Camden is committed to providing healthy living spaces for residents. Health and 
well-being are incorporated in the design, construction and operation of Camden’s 
apartment communities. We are committed to providing healthy living spaces, 
equipped with social/common areas, green spaces and health/fitness amenities. 
We utilize low VOC flooring, paints, adhesives and sealants in our apartment 
homes and communities; use high-quality air filters, exhaust fans and ventilation 
systems; and offer non-smoking communities (over 75% of our properties are 
designated as non-smoking communities or have designated non-smoking areas). 
In addition, most of our communities have been retrofitted with LED lighting to 
improve energy efficiency in both common areas and apartment homes, and our 
communities are designed to maximize acoustic comfort and improve the resident 
living experience.
We support our residents’ physical health by providing contemporary fitness 
centers with features such as state-of-the-art equipment, weight rooms, self-
service video classes, spin rooms, and yoga studios. Nearly all of our communities 
have swimming pools and over 70% of our communities have dog parks. For 
outdoor enthusiasts, many of our communities are located near parks and 
exercise trails, and offer other amenities for exercising or relaxing. We also 
offer dedicated art spaces for painting and sculpting, community benches for 
relaxation, and quiet, Zen-filled areas intended for reflection and meditation at 
some of our communities.
SIMPLY CAMDEN
Need a break from the news? Read our blog! Our Simply Camden team is 
comprised of 29 Camden employees across our portfolio who write articles about 
lifestyle, decorating, sustainability, things to do, pet life and so much more. Our 
bloggers wrote more than 70 blog posts in 2020 resulting in over 1.4 million page 
views, with over 23,000 visitors logging into camdenliving.com. Of note, 5% of 
those visitors either shopped for a Camden apartment home online, contacted 
a community, or generated a quote after viewing our blog page.CULTURE CLUB
The show must go on! Our Strategic Services team arranged several events  
during 2020 to keep team members excited and engaged. Our 2020 Ace  
Awards ceremony was held virtually and incorporated a Mardi Gras theme.  
Team members received their very own accessory kit which included a Mardi Gras 
themed-mask and beads to wear during the event. We also hosted a virtual  
event to commemorate successfully working from home for 100 days. Employees 
joined a virtual event to share their version of “Dress Up Like a 100-Year-Old” . 
Everyone brought their A-game, and in true Camden fashion, we had some 
fantastic competition. As a result of our successful virtual cooking classes, we 
organized the first-ever Camden Cookbook. Team members nationwide shared 
their favorite recipes for inclusion in the cookbook which resulted in over 200 
recipes submitted.
Working and socializing during the pandemic has presented communication 
challenges, but Camden team members continue to find creative ways to 
overcome these challenges and maintain the interpersonal connections that 
make Camden such a special place to work.
PASS THE CULTURE
Mentors found ways to enhance connections with new team members in a  
world of social distancing by creating the #passtheculture video challenge.  
Teams created TikTok videos “passing the culture” between team members. 
Videos featured team members passing culturally significant items like bacon  
and Camden mugs, and passing values like being a team player and being 
customer focused. Launching a virtual team video challenge created a wonderful, 
shared experience that reinforced our culture. More than 50 videos were 
submitted resulting in over 5,000 views, and even our executives were inspired  
to create their own video which was featured during our first quarter 2021 
earnings conference call.2020 Ace Awards
Recipe submittal  
and Cooking with  
Camden cookbook
Licensed Exclusively to Camden Property Trust. Do Not Reproduce.
Having a positive corporate culture is key to Camden’s success.  
It reflects who we are,how we treat each other,and how we feel 
about each other. Ibelieve this amazing culture drove us to 
accomplish many great things during 2020 despite the 
pandemic,and I am confident that our culture of excellence 
will lead to more significant achievements in the many 
years to come.
D. Keith Oden
Executive Vice Chairman
“
”
We support our residents’ physical health by 
providing contemporary fitness centers with 
features such as state-of-the-art equipment, 
weight rooms, self-service video classes, spin 
rooms, and yoga studios.
Camden Community Gardens 
At Camden North Quarter in Orlando and 
Camden Westchase Park in Tampa, each 
property has a community garden where 
residents can reserve a 2x4 garden box to 
grow anything their green thumb desires.
29 70+1.4M+
Our bloggers are apartment living gurus working for Camden from  
coast to coast.Employees Blog Posts Page Views
CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
37
Social cont.
Customer Service
Providing exceptional customer service is an integral part of our business. It takes 
a team mindset to deliver a memorable, customer-focused experience. Camden 
encourages resident feedback across our community and corporate social media 
platforms, where we engage with our residents on Facebook, Instagram, and 
Twitter. We also utilize MyCamden, our residential portal, to engage, educate, and 
inform residents on activities taking place within the community, neighborhood, 
and city. We don’t just listen to our customers; we make every effort to respond 
to all posted ratings and reviews. Camden provides Living Excellence by offering 
residents a 30-day satisfaction guarantee at move-in and responding to service 
requests within 24 hours. Residents enjoy the convenience of around-the-clock, 
full-time support from our Contact Center, where Camden team members are 
ready to answer questions and resolve any concerns residents may have.
Resident engagement is an important element of customer service. We want to 
get to know our customers and make a meaningful connection with them, which 
is why we survey residents each month through our Customer Living Excellence 
index (CLEi) survey. Regular feedback is an essential part of maintaining effective 
communication with residents. The survey is a pulse check of the community and 
asks residents about their interactions with staff and overall living experience at 
our communities. This gives Camden an opportunity to address any issues, read 
positive team praise, and find out how we could better provide Living Excellence.
We also utilize a Customer Sentiment dashboard which reflects each of our 
communities’ customer sentiment scores, a metric that measures the quality of 
our resident experiences. This dashboard technology enables all team members 
to view real-time customer ratings and take actions based on this feedback. Our 
on-site teams are trained to identify any positive/negative trends and address 
any questions or concerns from residents. Camden’s focus on customer service 
resulted in recognition as a top 10 manager for online reputation by J Turner 
Research, with a 2020 ORA™ score of 77.9.
In 2020, we shifted from regularly hosted resident events to resident 
engagements due to the pandemic, which included binge-watching show ideas, 
on-site mobile services, sharing homeschool or work-from-home tips and tricks, 
and a social sustainability calendar where we posted various captions related to 
green awareness. We hope to return to hosting in-person events such as resident 
appreciation days, wellness events, and pet events in the near future.
REVOLUTIONIZED CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
In late 2020, Camden piloted Funnel at 10 communities. Funnel is a customer-
centric Artificial Intelligence (AI) platform that revolutionizes the customer 
experience at every point. The platform simplifies workflow for our on-site and 
Contact Center teams, allowing communication across many channels, including 
phone, email, chat and SMS, and reduces repetitive tasks with automation.  
In addition, Funnel enables prospects to self-schedule appointments online  
and has been essential in introducing customers to Birdie, our new virtual  
leasing assistant.SNAPSHOT OF THE IMPROVED CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
Meet Anna; she is on the hunt searching for the perfect apartment home that 
meshes with her lifestyle. Anna is low on time and has many questions, quickly 
finding several Camden apartments that pique her interest. Enter Birdie, our 
virtual leasing assistant. Able to answer many of Anna’s questions, Birdie then 
guides Anna to schedule a self-guided tour from our website using AI. Soon after 
scheduling, Anna automatically receives an email and a text with information 
about what to expect when she arrives at the community and the items she 
needs to bring for her visit. If Anna needs to reschedule, there is information on 
how to do that, too. Once Anna tours, she finds her dream apartment home and 
leases on the spot.Top 10
Camden’s focus on customer service resulted 
in recognition as a top 10 manager for online 
reputation by J Turner Research, with a 2020 
Online Reputation Assessment score (ORA™) 
of 77.9.
$272K
Camden partnered with Esusu to provide 
microloans to residents who were most 
at risk of losing their current housing. 
To date, Esusu has issued 143 microloans 
to Camden residents totaling $272,000.
Prospective resident reaches out
Guest card created in Funnel
AI follows up with lead
If the prospective resident is interested...
Tour invite automatically sent
Calendar event automatically created
Tour completed
Follow up as needed
FUNNEL AND BIRDIE
Funnel enables customers to efficiently and 
virtually interact with Camden 24/7 to obtain 
pricing and other information and to schedule 
virtual or in-person tours.
36In 2020, we regularly 
engaged with our 
residents sharing 
homeschool or work-
from-home tips and 
tricks, and posted 
frequently on the 
importance of green 
awareness and energy 
conservation.
ESUSU
Camden partnered with Esusu in late 2020 on their rent relief fund,  
which provides microloans (up to two month’s rent) to residents who  
are most at risk of losing their current housing. With this program,  
qualified residents can defer payments for three months and pay  
balances over several months. To date, Esusu has issued microloans  
to 143 Camden residents for a total of $272,000.
CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
39 38
Social cont.
Community Engagement
We have a passion for community service and giving back to the neighborhoods 
and cities in which we live and work. Camden’s volunteer spirit brings communities 
together and supports our goal to create Living Excellence. We established our 
Camden Cares program to provide assistance to charitable organizations through 
donations and volunteer hours, and we strive to have a positive impact on those 
around us. Our efforts focus on hunger and housing-related causes, and we also 
support community crisis centers, food banks, schools and animal shelters. 
PROMOTING AFFORDABLE HOUSING
Camden Builders, Inc. (CBI) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Camden Property 
Trust. CBI provides a complete range of third-party project management and 
construction services for commercial, high-rise, condominium and multifamily 
properties, with an emphasis on working with organizations who provide 
affordable housing options in our local communities. The full range of integrated 
services ensure a seamless and efficient construction process that includes 
predevelopment, general contracting, financial feasibility, due diligence, design 
development, project and construction management, and quality control. For 
over 25 years, Camden has worked closely with local communities to design and 
build high-quality rental housing through thoughtful planning, vibrant design, 
and innovative collaborations, with a focus on long-term community engagement. 
We engage local communities throughout the development process to identify 
community values and address issues and concerns. We are good neighbors and 
communicate often with adjacent land holders and community leaders to ensure 
all needs are met. Impact assessments are conducted, and mitigation plans are 
developed as needed. We provide timely and relevant information to parties 
involved and strive to minimize disruptions during different stages of the project. 
Camden places great emphasis on fostering and enhancing trust as a critical 
component in sustainable engagement. Nearly all third-party projects integrate 
sustainable building practices that are energy efficient and economically sound, 
which have resulted in seven LEED certifications and other sustainability awards. 
We communicate our green building initiatives and enhancements to public 
spaces to all new prospects and generally hire local green energy or environmental 
consultants. We also communicate the importance of performing cost analysis 
for LEED and other sustainability certifications as well as using environmentally 
friendly building materials. Camden is committed to helping our communities, 
residents, and team members. We support those in need and give back in various 
ways. When we work together with our neighbors, we create Living Excellence. We 
also support local communities faced with disasters, and supported and provided 
relief to both employees and residents during Hurricane Harvey and the recent 
winter storms in Texas in early 2021.Salvation Army  
Angel TreeAngel Card  
ProjectVirtual  
Turkey TrotHoliday Cards  
for SeniorsNew Hope  
Housing  
Book Drive
Central  
Mission  
Holiday  
Gift WishArizona  
Multi-Housing  
Association  
Blanket  
DriveFirst  
Responders  
DayFood &  
Toy DriveHealthcare 
Hero Meals 
InitiativeCamden communities 
adopted several  
Angels and donated 
gifts from their wish 
list for Christmas 
morning.Camden team  
members sent  
holiday cards to 
those in need.Over 350 Camden 
team members  
completed a 5K run 
on Thanksgiving Day  
in our first annual 
Camden Cares  
Virtual Turkey Trot  
to benefit food  
banks nationwide.Austin and Dallas 
team members 
created holiday cards 
for local senior living 
communities.Houston team  
members collected 
over 1,000 books for 
people who live on 
very limited incomes.
Camden team  
members met  
virtually to 
coordinate donations 
for Central Mission 
Holiday Gift Wish 
Program, benefitting 
local children.Phoenix team  
members collected 
and donated 
blankets to UMOM 
New Day Center.California team 
members created 
gift baskets and 
delivered them 
to local First 
Responders to  
show appreciation 
and support.Tampa team members 
and residents donated  
canned goods and  
toys to Feeding  
South Florida. Camden team  
members delivered 
nearly 2,000 meals 
to healthcare  
residents and  
teammates.~9,000 lbs
Camden communities donated nearly  
9,000 lbs. of non-perishable food to food 
banks and pantries across the country.
To date, Camden has successfully completed 
nearly $900 million of third-party affordable 
housing projects comprised of over 100 
communities with 10,600 affordable units.27 $1.4M
Volunteer 
EventsTotal  
Charitable 
Contributions
Camden’s 2020 efforts included events and partnerships with organizations such as:Cares
Camden is committed to helping our 
communities, residents and team members.  
During 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic  
limited the feasibility of many traditional 
in-person volunteer events, but Camden team 
members were still able to make meaningful 
contributions through food and toy drives, 
and donations to charitable organizations.  

Governance
Governance Highlights CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
41 6
Our Board composition is currently 30% female 
and 40% diverse members.30/40% %
Board of Directors
Left to right, top row:
Richard J. Campo, D. Keith Oden,  
Kelvin R. Westbrook, Heather J. Brunner, 
Mark D. Gibson Second row:
Scott S. Ingraham, Renu Khator,   
William F. Paulsen, Frances Aldrich  
Sevilla-Sacasa, Steven A. Webster
Strong Leadership
Our Board is comprised of a highly qualified and experienced group of leaders, 
with Camden’s founders, Ric Campo and Keith Oden, complementing our 
independent Trust Managers. Good corporate governance is vital to Camden and 
its shareholders, and we are committed to ensuring each of our Trust Managers 
brings a healthy balance of varying perspectives, capabilities and skill sets to their 
role. We are proud to have a Board of Trust Managers who are diverse in their 
backgrounds and experience.Board Statistics
Gender  30% Female
 70% Male
Diversity  10% African 
 American
 10% Indian 
 American
 20% Hispanic
 60% White
Average Age 65
Average Tenure 16 years
Public CEO or Chairman  50%  
of the Board Experience
Direct Real Estate Experience 50%
Additional Public Company  60%  
Board ExperienceCamden is committed to maintaining a  
business environment of integrity, responsibility  
and accountability.
40We believe companies with strong corporate  
governance and responsible business practices 
merit greater shareholder returns and 
corporate value.
CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
43 42Governance cont.
Corporate Governance Best Practices
We are committed to good corporate governance to promote the long-term 
interests of shareholders, strengthen management accountability, and help 
maintain public trust in Camden. Our Board believes the purpose of corporate 
governance is to ensure Camden maximizes shareholder value in a manner 
consistent with legal requirements and the highest standards of integrity. The 
Company has implemented a number of best practices related to corporate 
governance and executive compensation, including:
• Eight of Ten Trust Managers are Independent
• Annual Election of Trust Managers with Majority Voting in  
 Uncontested Elections
• Lead Independent Trust Manager
• Proxy Access
• Independent Board Committees
• Executive Sessions of Board held by Independent Trust Managers Only
• Share Ownership Guidelines for Trust Managers and Senior Officers
• Prohibition against Short Selling and Hedging by Trust Managers  
 and Senior Officers
• Policy regarding Clawback of Compensation
• Risk Oversight by Board and Committees
• Annual Board Self-Assessment Review
• Board Refreshment Process through Mandatory Retirement Age
• Regular Succession Planning
• Internal Audit Department reporting to the Board’s Audit Committee
• Internal Disclosure Committee for Financial Reporting
• Active Shareholder EngagementESG Oversight
Camden’s Board and management teams recognize the 
importance of minimizing our environmental impact and 
maximizing our positive corporate social responsibility. 
Our ESG report outlines programs and initiatives in place 
supporting sustainability and ESG matters, as well as the 
work we are doing to drive meaningful change socially, 
economically, and environmentally. We cover a broad 
range of topics, including actions we have taken to  
create a supportive, ethical and equitable culture for our 
employees, invest in and care for our communities, protect 
the security of our data and our residents’ data, increase 
our engagement and alignment with our shareholders, 
operate in an environmentally responsible manner, and 
support our employees and customers both in normal 
times and amid a global pandemic.
Camden’s Sustainability Committee guides our ESG 
program and plays a lead role in overseeing the Company’s 
strategies, policies, programs, and activities regarding 
sustainability and ESG matters. Our efforts are led by senior 
executives with responsibility for implementing sustainable 
practices across our corporate offices, new development 8 of 10
Eight of Camden’s ten Trust Managers  
are Independent.
projects and our existing apartment communities, and 
the Committee recently added Camden’s Chairman & CEO 
as its Chairperson. In addition, ESG oversight is included 
in the duties and responsibilities of Camden’s Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board 
of Trust Managers. ESG factors are included in annual 
performance targets for two of Camden’s employees 
who are directly responsible for managing Camden’s 
ESG program, projects and performance metrics, and 
communicating its objectives, goals and targets to the 
Company’s constituents. Various ESG taskforces from 
Camden’s diverse departments contribute their expertise 
to environmental stewardship and corporate citizenship, 
and meet regularly to discuss and report progress on ESG 
initiatives and activities. We also engage several consultants 
to help further enhance our ESG program by supporting 
the development and implementation of sustainability 
strategies and practices, disclosing ESG performance, 
and advising on sustainability initiatives.
Shareholder 
Engagement
Shareholder engagement is an 
important initiative for Camden and 
a key part of our success. Our senior 
management team meets regularly 
with shareholders to discuss our 
long-term business strategy and 
current operations as well as 
sustainability and ESG matters. We 
conduct hundreds of meetings each 
year with investors who represent 
a significant amount of ownership 
in Camden. Our efforts in this area 
continue to receive multiple award 
nominations and recognition for 
excellence in our Investor Relations 
outreach programs.Met with 
240
Investment FirmsAttended 
7
Industry Conferences
Conducted 
407
Investor Meetings
Hosted 
73
Conference Calls

CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
45 44
Governance cont.Ethics & Compliance
Two of Camden’s core values, Act with Integrity and Always 
do the Right Thing, form the basis of our Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics. The Company has adopted several 
guidelines and policies reflecting its commitment to high 
ethical standards, including Guidelines on Governance to 
address significant corporate governance issues, and a Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is designed to help 
officers, Trust Managers, and employees resolve ethical 
issues in an increasingly complex business environment. The 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics covers topics such as 
reporting unethical or illegal behavior, compliance with law, 
share trading, conflicts of interest, fair dealing, protection 
of Camden’s assets, disclosure of proprietary information, 
internal controls, personal community activities, business 
records, communication with external audiences, and 
obtaining assistance to help resolve ethical issues. A Code 
of Ethical Conduct for Senior Financial Officers, which is 
applicable to Camden’s principal executive officer, principal 
financial officer, principal accounting officer, and persons 
performing similar functions is also available online.
We have established avenues to provide a communication 
pathway for employees and others who may have concerns 
about the conduct of Camden or any of its Trust Managers, 
officers or employees, specifically concerning the Company’s 
corporate accounting, internal accounting controls or 
auditing matters. Such concerns may be communicated 
confidentially via Camden’s Corporate Accounting and 
Auditing Hotline, which will automatically elevate the matter 
to designated management personnel at Camden and the 
Chair of the Board’s Audit Committee. Camden uses a third-
party service provider to offer a simple, anonymous way to 
report concerns confidentially by website or telephone 24 
hours every day.
Vendor Code of Conduct
Camden is committed to maintaining a work environment 
that promotes the highest standards of business conduct 
and ethics. Camden’s suppliers and vendors are expected 
to follow the Company’s Vendor Code of Conduct which 
is available on Camden’s website and distributed to all 
vendors, and sets forth the basic requirements vendors 
must meet in order to do business with Camden. Vendors 
are required to comply with all applicable federal, state, 
and local laws, regulations, and ordinances, including those 
pertaining to health and safety, environmental impact, non-
discrimination and fair treatment of workers. Our Vendor We strive to build and maintain trust through transparency 
and accountability in all that we do. Although Camden’s 
Board is actively involved in overseeing risk management, it 
is Camden’s Audit Committee which actively engages with 
management to discuss guidelines and policies to govern 
the process by which risk assessment and risk management 
is handled. Camden’s Internal Audit department is 
responsible for ongoing assessments of the Company’s risk 
management processes and internal control environment, 
through a complete and robust evaluation of Camden’s 
ethical behavior expectations, training and enforcement; 
tone at the top; the maintenance of complete and accurate 
accounting, books and records; full and transparent financial 
statements and disclosures; and anti-fraud controls. 
Other key functions include evaluating the design and 
operating effectiveness of Camden’s internal control over 
financial reporting; performing site visits to all communities 
and development sites in addition to evaluating controls 
performed by the Corporate Office; evaluating controls 
performed by third-party service providers on which 
Camden relies; and monitoring whistleblower reports made 
to Camden’s Corporate Accounting and Auditing Hotline.
Camden’s Risk Management team is dedicated to 
protecting shareholder value by obtaining broad, cost-
effective insurance policies to protect the Company’s 
assets and operations. In addition to risk transfer program 
design and placement, the department oversees claims 
and litigation management, risk assessments, and 
various safety initiatives. To focus on providing the best 
resident experience possible, Camden uses a third-party 
vendor management solution to ensure compliance via 
liability certificate management, credentialing, and tax 
ID verification. We also meet with underwriters and attend 
various insurance industry conferences to remain informed 
about risk and insurance market trends as well as early 
insight into potential impacts of risk.
Cybersecurity
Keeping our company’s data and customer information  
safe from exposure to cyberattacks is a priority for Camden. 
We have taken many steps and implemented several 
projects to enhance the overall security of the Company’s 
data and heighten our protection from cyber threats or 
unauthorized users trying to gain access to our computer 
network and data files. We have a clear strategy and 
systems in place to protect sensitive data. We utilize 
third-party experts to assist and assess vulnerabilities,  
and we perform cybertesting on a regular basis. Camden Code of Conduct was developed to reduce environmental 
and social risks, and covers ethical business practices with 
clear expectations for compliance with laws, rules and 
regulations with specific guidelines regarding items such 
as: accuracy, reporting, record keeping and safeguarding 
information; prohibition of bribes or kickbacks; limitation on 
gifts; avoidance of conflicts of interest; prohibition of insider 
trading; and a directive to promptly report any possible 
violations of the Vendor Code of Conduct to the Company. 
Camden strives to engage with only those vendors whose 
values, principles, and practices align with our Vendor Code 
of Conduct and with the Company’s Human Rights Statement 
which is also available on our website. Vendors are expected 
to take necessary corrective actions to promptly remedy any 
identified noncompliance, and Camden may terminate its 
business relationship with any vendor who fails to comply  
with our Vendor Code of Conduct. 
Risk Management
Identifying and managing risk is a continuous process 
throughout the lifecycle of our assets. Camden is highly 
committed to mitigating risk for our team members, 
residents, and our shareholders. Our Board has primary 
oversight of our corporate strategy and risk management 
program. This ongoing effort focuses on Camden’s 
operational and financial performance over the short, 
intermediate and long term. Management regularly provides 
updates on risk management, and the Board regularly 
reviews and discusses significant risk exposure, including 
market, credit, liquidity and operational risks, as well as 
environmental and regulatory risks the Company is facing. 
During 2020, the Board provided active oversight of 
Camden’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Board 
reviewed the Company’s crisis management and business 
continuity plans, evaluated Camden’s financial resiliency, 
and received updates on resident and employee health 
and well-being, and IT and systems resilience and security, 
among other matters. employees are trained on cybersecurity, and our Board 
receives updates on our cybersecurity efforts from our 
information technology department annually.
Camden developed an anytime-anywhere computing 
environment, which enabled access to many of our key 
systems, eliminating the need to be physically in the office 
(thereby reducing and minimizing travel times into work). 
We accomplished this by moving our core Accounting, 
Finance, Human Resources, Purchasing and Intranet 
systems into a cloud environment, making those systems 
accessible via any secured internet connection. We also 
moved our email and messaging platforms to the Microsoft 
365 cloud environment and implemented Microsoft 
365 Teams to further facilitate company collaboration 
and communication. Access to all cloud-based systems 
is secured via Microsoft single sign-on and multifactor 
authentication. We reduced paper printing levels by 
implementing a new Oracle electronic invoicing system 
and new company purchase card system with reduced 
printing requirements. We also continued to replace legacy 
computing and network equipment with higher rated 
energy-efficient equipment. We plan to further enhance our 
anytime-anywhere computing environment by implementing 
a new Enterprise Content Management system using 
Microsoft 365 cloud which will enable movement of our 
on-premises data to Microsoft Cloud OneDrive, Teams 
and SharePoint, making data accessible from any secured 
internet connection with the added benefit of reducing the 
size of our internal data center footprint and associated 
footprint energy consumption.
Keeping our company’s data 
and customer information safe 
from exposure to cyberattacks 
is a priority for Camden.

CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
47 46Appendix 
Global Reporting Initiative Content Index
GRI 102: General Disclosures
Organizational Profile
GRI Indicator  Description  Response
102-1  Name of the organization  Camden Property Trust
102-2  Activities, brands, products and services About Camden, p. 1-3
102-3  Location of headquarters  About Camden, p. 1-3
102-4  Location of operations  About Camden, p. 2
102-5  Ownership and legal form  Formed on May 25, 1993, Camden Property Trust, a Texas real estate  
  investment trust (REIT), and all its consolidated subsidiaries are  
  primarily engaged in the ownership, management, development,  
  redevelopment, acquisition and construction of multifamily apartment 
  communities; 2020 Form 10K
102-6  Markets served  About Camden, p. 2
102-7  Scale of the organization  About Camden, p. 1-3; 2020 Form 10K
102-8  Information on employees and other workers Employment Data, p. 26-27
102-9  Supply chain  Vendor Code of Conduct, p. 44
102-10  Significant changes to the organization and 2020 Annual Report, p. Inside Front Cover-7; 2020 Form 10K 
 its supply chain
102-11  Precautionary Principle  Climate Change & Resiliency, p. 11; Risk Management, p. 44-45 
 or approach  
102-12  External initiatives  To Our Stakeholders, p. 4-5; Our Sustainability Commitment, p. 7;  
  Green Building Certifications, p. 15; New Development & Construction,  
  p. 16-17
102-13  Membership of associations About Camden, p. 3
Strategy
GRI Indicator  Description  Response
102-14  Statement from senior decision-maker To Our Stakeholders, p. 4–5 
 
102-15  Key impacts, risks and opportunities  To Our Stakeholders, p. 4-5; Materiality Assessment, p. 6;  
  Shareholder Engagement, p. 43
Ethics & Integrity
GRI Indicator  Description  Response
102-16  Values, principles, standards and norms Our Purpose, p. Inside Front Cover; Our Values, p. Inside Front Cover;  
 of behavior About Camden, p. 1; Ethics & Compliance, p. 44
102-17  Mechanisms for advice and concerns  Ethics & Compliance, p. 44 
 about ethicsGovernance
GRI Indicator  Description  Response
102-18  Governance structure  Governance, p. 40-45; 2021 Proxy Statement
102-19  Delegating authority  Governance, p. 40-45; 2021 Proxy Statement
102-20  Executive-level responsibility for economic,   Our Sustainability Commitment, p. 7; ESG Oversight, p. 43 
 environmental and social topics
102-21  Consulting stakeholders on economic,  Materiality Assessment, p. 6; Shareholder Engagement, p. 43 
 environmental, and social topics
102-22  Composition of the highest governance body Governance, p. 40-45; 2021 Proxy Statement 
 and its committees
102-23  Chair of the highest governance body Governance, p. 40-45; 2021 Proxy Statement
102-24  Nominating and selecting the highest Governance, p. 40-45; 2021 Proxy Statement 
 governance body
102-25  Conflicts of interest  Governance, p. 40-45; 2021 Proxy Statement
102-26  Role of highest governance body in setting Governance, p. 40-45; 2021 Proxy Statement 
 purpose, values and strategy
102-27 Collective knowledge of highest Governance, p. 40-45; 2021 Proxy Statement 
 governance body
102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s Governance, p. 40-45; 2021 Proxy Statement 
 performance
102-29 Identifying and managing economic,  Our Sustainability Commitment, p. 7; Climate Change & Resiliency, p. 11; 
 environmental and social impacts ESG Oversight, p. 43; Risk Management, p. 44-45
102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes Risk Management, p. 44-45
102-31 Review of economic, environmental and Materiality Assessment, p. 6; Shareholder Engagement, p. 43 
 social topics
102-32 Highest governance body’s role in Our Sustainability Commitment, p. 7; ESG Oversight, p. 43 
 sustainability reporting
102-33 Communicating critical concerns Ethics & Compliance, p. 44
102-34 Nature and total number of critical concerns We are not currently reporting on this indicator.
102-35 Remuneration policies We are not currently reporting on this indicator.
102-36 Process for determining remuneration We are not currently reporting on this indicator.
102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration We are not currently reporting on this indicator.
102-38 Annual total compensation ratio We are not currently reporting on this indicator.
102-39 Percentage increase in annual total We are not currently reporting on this indicator. 
 compensation ratio
CAMDEN 2020 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
48Stakeholder Engagement
GRI Indicator  Description  Response
102-40 List of stakeholder groups  Our Purpose, p. Inside Front Cover; To Our Stakeholders, p. 4-5;  
  Materiality Assessment, p. 6; Shareholder Engagement, p. 43
102-41 Collective bargaining agreements We are not currently reporting on this indicator.
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders  Our Purpose, p. Inside Front Cover; To Our Stakeholders, p. 4-5;  
  Materiality Assessment, p. 6; Shareholder Engagement, p. 43
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement Our Purpose, p. Inside Front Cover; To Our Stakeholders, p. 4-5;  
  Materiality Assessment, p. 6; Shareholder Engagement, p. 43
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised  Materiality Assessment, p. 6
Reporting Practice
GRI Indicator  Description  Response
102-45 Entities included in the consolidated 2020 Form 10K 
 financial statements
102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries Our Purpose, p. Inside Front Cover; To Our Stakeholders, p. 4-5;  
  Materiality Assessment, p. 6; Goals & Targets, p. 10; ESG Oversight, p. 43
102-47 List of material topics  Contents, p. Inside Front Cover-1; To Our Stakeholders, p. 4-5
102-48 Restatements of information None
102-49 Changes in reporting None
102-50 Reporting period All information presented covers calendar year 2020 unless  
  otherwise stated.
102-51 Date of most recent report September 2021; this is our third report.
102-52 Reporting cycle Annual
102-53 Contact point for questions regarding Back Cover 
 the report
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the Appendix, GRI Content Index, p. 46-48 
 GRI standards
102-55 GRI content index Appendix, GRI Content Index, p. 46-48
102-56 External assurance NoneAppendix 
Global Reporting Initiative Content Index cont.
GRI 102: General Disclosures cont.Appendix 
Environmental Performance Data
Energy Performance
ABSOLUTE CONSUMPTION 2019
(MWh)2020
(MWh)Data Coverage
(ft2)Max Coverage
(ft2)Total Coverage
(%)
Natural Gas 82,006 58,828 15,011,147  45,740,104 32.8%
Electric 208,250  200,944  32,142,834  67,629,031  47.5%
Total Energy Consumption 290,256  259,772  32,142,834  67,629,031  47.5%
Energy Performance
LIKE-FOR-LIKE CONSUMPTION 2019
(MWh)2020
(MWh)Data Coverage
(ft2)Max Coverage
(ft2)Total Coverage
(%)
Natural Gas  74,956 50,345 11,734,273 45,740,104 25.6%
Electric  203,419 192,546 29,635,328 67,629,031 43.8% 
Total Energy Consumption  278,375 242,891 29,635,328 67,629,031 43.8%
GHG Performance
Absolute Like-for-Like Emissions
2019
(MTCO 2e)2020
(MTCO 2e)2019
(MTCO 2e)2020
(MTCO 2e)Year-Over-Year
 Change (%)
Scope 1  59,639 51,293 57,518 47,393 -17.6%
Scope 2 (Location Based)  97,660 96,117 93,793 90,242 -3.7%
Total Emissions  157,299 147,410 151,311 137,635 -9.0%
Water Performance
2019
(m3)2020
(m3)Data Coverage
(ft2)Max Coverage
(ft2)Total Coverage
(%)
Water  97,746,838 127,847,436 67,198,359 67,629,031 99%
Note: Unaudited – Data reflects 2021 GRESB submission.
11 Greenway Plaza, Suite 2400
Houston, TX 77046
713.354.2500
camdenliving.com