  
Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited  
 
Environment, Social & Governance (ESG)  
Performance Report 2021  
 
  
I’m excited to share our second ESG report with all of you. While the formality of it is still fairly 
new to the business world, Fairfax was actually built on the foundation of many of its key con-
cepts back in 1985. Supported by the Guiding Principles we wrote in our early years, our company 
culture is rooted in the golden rule of treating people the way you want to be treated. We believe 
– and always have – in doing good, by doing well.  
Our commitment to taking the long -term view has served our employees, customers, sharehold-
ers, and communities very well over the last 35 years. Rather than restricting ourselves to focus-
ing on quarterly earnings, we always choose to see the bigger picture – creating the space and 
perspective necessary for transformative, sustainable growth.  
Whether we apply that lens to our book value per share (compounded at 19% annually) or the 
amount of money we donate (compounded at 18% per year), you can see how we ’ve always 
been invested in running Fairfax and its subsidiaries for the long -term benefit of our people and 
the places we operate in.  
Like many of the issues covered in ESG reports – things like climate change require action now, 
but it is the long -term view that will help sustain the necessary action across future generations. 
As you go through our ESG report, you ’ll see several examples of the ways our operating compa-
nies are doing this, including weaving diversity and inclusion practices into all layers of the busi-
ness, and incorporating environmental safeguards into their insurance products.  
In our decentralized environment, our leaders – most of whom have been with their company for 
over 15 years – are empowered to run their companies locally, with little interference from our 
small head office team. Why? Because we trust them. Honesty and integrity are essential in all 
our relationships and will never be  compromised.  
Free from silos and bureaucracy, our leaders can focus on what matters and make the decisions 
best suited for their people and the places they operate in – all within the context of the Guiding 
Principles. With a focus on collaboration, and not competition, our leaders greatly benefit from 
their shared ecosystem of ideas, insights, and experiences.  
If you go back and read my 1987 Letter to Shareholders, you ’ll see that I wrote, “many of you 
probably realize this already, but as the years go by, it seems to me that all business is, is people. ” 
Well, more than three decades, 15,000+ employees, and a global pandemic later – this continues 
to ring true. After safely transitioning all employees to remote working in early 2020, our compa-
nies continue to find new ways of honouring our Guiding Principles of having fun at work and 
working hard but not at the expense of our families.  
It has been a gratifying experience to gather and capture the information in this report from Fair-
fax and all our operating companies. It helps show where we started, where we are today and 
where we ’re going.  
As you know, we ’ve been committed to running Fairfax for the long -term benefit of our employ-
ees, customers, shareholders, and community since our inception – and that ’s exactly what we 
intend on doing for the next 100 years.   
 
 
Prem Watsa  
Chief Executive Officer  A Message from Our Chief Executive Officer    

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 3   Our Guiding Principles have not changed since Fairfax ’s inception in 1985. They are the foun-
dation on which our company was built and in the 2016 Letter to Shareholders, Prem Watsa 
said they will never change.  
Objectives  
• We expect to compound our mark -to-market book value per share over the long term 
by 15% annually by running Fairfax and its subsidiaries for the long -term benefit of cus-
tomers, employees, shareholders, and the communities where we operate – at the ex-
pense of short -term profits if necessary.  
• Our focus is long term growth in book value per share and not quarterly earnings.  We 
plan to grow through internal means as well as through friendly acquisitions.  
• We always want to be soundly financed.  
• We provide complete disclosure annually to our shareholders.  
Structure  
• Our companies are decentralized and run by the Presidents except for performance 
evaluation, succession planning, acquisitions, financing, and investments, which are 
done by or with Fairfax.  Investing will always be conducted based on a long -term value
-oriented philosophy. Cooperation among  companies is encouraged to the benefit of 
Fairfax in total.  
• Complete and open communication between Fairfax and subsidiaries is an essential 
requirement at Fairfax.  
• Share ownership and large incentives are encouraged across the Group.  
• Fairfax will always be a very small holding company and not an operating  company.  
Values  
• Honesty and integrity are essential in all our relationships and will never be compro-
mised.  
• We are results oriented – not political.  
• We are team players – no “egos ”. A confrontational style is not appropriate.  We value 
loyalty – to Fairfax and our colleagues.  
• We are hardworking but not at the expense of our families.  
• We always look at opportunities but emphasize downside protection and look for ways 
to minimize loss of capital.  
• We are entrepreneurial. We encourage calculated risk taking. It is all right to fail but we 
should learn from our mistakes.  
• We will never bet the company on any project or acquisition.  
• We believe in having fun – at work!  Our Guiding Principles  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 4   Table of Contents  
OUR BUSINESS  
7 A Fairfax Snapshot  
8 Insurance Operations  
8 Investment Operations  
ENVIRONMENT  
13 Climate Change Risk Mitigation  
14 Sustainable Underwriting  
15 Engagement with Insureds to Mitigate Risk  
15 Climate Change Research  
16 Environmental Initiatives  
16 Calculating Green House Gas Emissions   
SOCIAL  
18 Our Employees  
33 Our Customers  
36 Our Community   
 
GOVERNANCE  
41 Enterprise Risk Management  
42 Corporate  Governance Policies  
43 Our Board Members  
45 Board Composition, Diversity & Independence  
45 Shareholder Rights, Ownership Structure & 
 Director Elections  
46 Executive Compensation  
47 Collaboration Amongst Insurance Companies  
47 Acquisition Philosophy  
48 Cyber Risk Management  
49 Data Protection  
49 Supply Chain  
The contents of this report are the culmination of feedback from our standard Environmental, Social and Gov-
ernance (ESG) survey. Our twenty consolidated operating companies1 participated in this survey and actively 
engaged in the feedback and consultation process. We are committed to ESG as an activity and measurable 
deliverable both at the head office and at entity level and plan to develop a gap analysis and ‘improvements 
action plan ’ for this critical business imperative over the months ahead. Throughout this document we will 
share our approach, progress, and key achievements across our operations globally. Moreover, we will highlight 
areas of focus and attention emanating from the data collected, all of which will inform our ESG Progression 
Strategy. For convenience, all currency related items are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. This report pre-
sents both established and more recent initiatives for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020.  
1 20 consolidated operating companies include: Allied World, ARX, Brit, Bryte, Colonnade, Crum & Forster, Fairfax Asia 
(AMAG, Fairfirst, Falcon - Hong Kong, Pacific), Fairfax Brasil, Fairfax LATAM (Meridional, SBI, SBS, Southbridge), North-
bridge, Odyssey Group, RiverStone, Universalna and Zenith.  Survey Methodology  
  
OUR BUSINESS  
 In This Section  
 7 A Fairfax Snapshot   
 8 Insurance Operations  
 8 Investment Operations  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 6   Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax) is a holding com-
pany which, through its subsidiaries, is primarily engaged in 
property and casualty (P&C) insurance and reinsurance and 
the associated investment management. Fairfax ’s corpo-
rate objective is to achieve a 15% growth in book value per 
share over the long term. Fairfax seeks to differentiate it-
self by combining disciplined underwriting and investing its 
assets on a value oriented total return basis, believing that 
this approach will provide above -average returns over the 
long -term.  
Fairfax was founded in 1985 by the present Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer, Prem Watsa (Prem). Prem re-
financed a small Canadian insurance company and changed 
the name to Fairfax Financial,  which was derived from the 
principles of fair and friendly acquisitions , based on the 
golden rule of ‘treating others as we would like to be treat-
ed ourselves ’. 
Through fair and friendly acquisitions, Fairfax has grown 
into a leading global commercial lines insurance and rein-
surance group, compounding book value per share by 
18.7%+ annually since 1985, through a dual focus on un-
derwriting profitability and total -return value investing.  
Fairfax head office is led by Prem along with a small team of 
Officers. Our companies operate on a decentralized basis 
and are run by the Presidents except for performance eval-
uation, succession planning, acquisitions, financing, and investments, which are done by or with Fairfax. The holding 
company is also responsible for financial reporting require-
ments, aggregating the total risk across insurance opera-
tions and promoting corporate culture throughout our op-
erating companies.   
Over the last 35 years Fairfax has written cumulative premi-
ums of $175 billion, we are paying annual salaries and ben-
efits to our employees all over the world of $1.8 billion, we 
have made cumulative donations of $239 million since we 
began our donations program in 1991 and over the last 35 
years, we have paid cumulative taxes of $3.1 billion.  
Since inception, Fairfax has been focused on the long -term 
view and not on short -term earnings to the benefit of all 
shareholders. Prem reinforced this further throughout 
2020 reminding us all that we are building Fairfax for the 
next 100 years!  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Our Business  
For More Information  
2020 Annual Report  
Annual Information Form  
Management Information Circular  
2020 AGM Presentation  
$1.7b $4.6b
▪Strategic growth      
in attractive 
markets
▪Bryte (South Africa)
▪Fairfax Latam
▪Fairfax Brasil 
▪Colonnade (CEE)
▪Polish Re
▪ARX (Ukraine)
▪Universalna (Ukraine)
▪Gulf Ins. (Kuwait)
▪Eurolife FFH (Greece)
▪Group Re$1.7bInsurance & 
Reinsurance 
Other
▪Global multi -line 
reinsurer and 
specialty insurer▪Major Cdn 
commercial P&C 
insurer$4.3b▪Manager of global 
runoff business
▪Global specialty 
insurer and 
reinsurer
▪Leading Lloyd’s 
market operation$2.4b
 $0.4b
▪Significant presence 
in Asia
▪Falcon (Hong Kong) 
▪Pacific (Malaysia)
▪AMAG (Indonesia)
▪Fairfirst (Sri Lanka)
▪Digit (India)
▪Alltrust (China)
▪Falcon (Thailand)
▪BIC (Vietnam)
$3.1b $0.7b
▪Major U.S. 
commercial  P&C 
insurer▪Leading workers 
comp insurer in 
U.S.
$19.0 Billion in Gross Premiums Written
*All companies are wholly owned except for Allied World (71%), Pacific (85%), AMAG (80%), Fairfirst (78%), Fairfax Ukraine (A RX 
and Universalna) (70%), Digit (49%), Alltrust (15%), Falcon Thailand (41%), BIC (35%), Gulf Insurance (44%) and Eurolife FFH (50%). 
*For the purposes of this report we will only be reporting our consolidated companies (50%+ ownership).  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 7   A Fairfax Snapshot  
Book Value Per Share  
Diversified Underwriting Operations  
Motor
10%
Property
15%
Casualty
22%
Professional 
Liability
10%Workers' 
Compensation
4%Specialty & 
Other
18%Property RI
11%Casualty RI
7%Specialty & 
Other RI
3%
*Asia Pacific includes Middle East.
*Other includes Africa and other American countries.*Specialty & Other includes Accident & Health, crop, marine and fidelity/surety 
insurance. Canada
11%
United 
States
63%Asia Pacific
9%Europe
9%Latin
America
5%Other
3%
1.52
4
6
8
11
15
18
19
26
31
39
63
86
112
156
148
118
127
167
167
143
157
240
293
393
409
408
431
402
468
486
460
553
545
609
611 478 
1985 1989 1993 1997 2001 2005 2009 2013 2017
Book Value Per Share Cumulative Dividends Per Share(in USD millions) 1985 2020
Net premiums written $10 $ 14,865
Investment portfolio $ 24 $ 43,171
Common shareholders’ equity $ 8 $ 12,521
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 8   Insurance Operations  
Built over 35 years, Fairfax has over 20 insurance oper-
ating companies across the world with exceptional Presi-
dents responsible for running their own companies with 
the Fairfax culture. Together, our companies have an 
established presence in over 40 countries, across six 
continents and wrote over $19 billion in gross premiums 
written in 2020. They provide a full range of P&C prod-
ucts, maintaining a diversified portfolio of risks across all 
classes of business, geographic regions, and types of 
insureds. We have attracted and retained an exception-
ally strong and talented leadership team. This capability 
is further reinforced by the long -term tenure of our 
Presidents, averaging 16 years, with three of our Presi-
dents with Fairfax for over 25 years!  Investment Operations  
Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel Ltd. (Hamblin 
Watsa) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fairfax, serving 
as the investment manager for the holding company, 
the insurance and reinsurance operations, Run -off, and 
Fairfax India. Hamblin Watsa generally operates as a 
separate investment management entity, with Prem and 
one other Fairfax Officer serving as members of Hamblin 
Watsa's seven -member investment committee. The in-
vestment committee is responsible for making invest-
ment decisions, subject to relevant regulatory guidelines 
and constraints, with oversight by Hamblin Watsa man-
agement and the operating companies.  
 OUR BUSINESS  
Our Global Presence  
Our Brands  
ZenithNorthbridgeOdyssey Group
Crum & Forster
SBS
Fairfax Brasil
Southbridge SBI
MeridionalBryteFairfirst
AMAGFalcon HK
PacificBrit
EurolifeColonnade
Allied WorldARXUniversalnaFFH
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 9   Responsible Investment Process  
Our commitment to ESG is fundamental to Hamblin 
Watsa ’s investment analysis and decision -making process. 
Hamblin Watsa conducts our investment business with a 
sharp and sustained focus on lasting social and economic 
development within the countries in which it invests. Defi-
ciencies or excessive environmental, social or governance 
risks will result in the rejection of investment opportuni-
ties or the sale of existing positions. Good governance and 
the honesty and integrity of management is a fundamen-
tal requisite for a potential investment and will never be 
compromised for short term gains or benefit.  
Hamblin Watsa has an individual coordinating, with the 
support of the Investment Committee and senior manage-
ment, the implementation of our updated ESG processes 
and procedures and formally incorporating them into our 
decision -making process. It is anticipated that this will 
result in the further enhancement of our ESG investment 
processes and procedures. A summary of our process, as it 
pertains to ESG considerations for all fixed income, equity, 
including private equity, emerging markets, as well as 
mortgages and real estate investments are described be-
low:  
• Together with our Legal and Compliance teams, pre-
liminary “red flag ” reviews are performed to ensure 
that: (i) investments are cleared from an anti -money 
laundering, anti -terrorist financing and sanctions per-
spective; and (ii) investments do not appear on our 
investment exclusions list.  
• Once an investment has passed the preliminary “red 
flag” review stage, the ESG team evaluates key ESG 
risks by following Hamblin Watsa ’s ESG screening and 
due diligence questionnaire. Our ESG team will unre-
servedly recommend the rejection of any investment 
that has raised any material “red flags ”.  
• Hamblin Watsa ’s ESG screening and due diligence 
questionnaire is broad in scope and focuses, among 
other things, on health and safety, employment con-
ditions, wages, diversity and inclusion within the 
workforce, respect for human rights, environmental 
considerations, and climate risk.  
• Additionally, throughout the lifecycle of an invest-
ment, Hamblin Watsa ’s ESG team continues to over-
see and manage ESG issues with annual reviews to 
ensure compliance, track action plans developed at 
the investment stage and to identify any areas for 
improvement.  In addition to the processes and procedures described 
above, each insurance and reinsurance subsidiary has an 
investment management policy in place with Hamblin 
Watsa mandating that all investments must satisfy all reg-
ulatory policies and limits established in the relevant juris-
dictions in which we do business, including ESG factors. 
Hamblin Watsa also has in place a proxy voting policy, 
which establishes guidelines and requirements to ensure 
that Hamblin Watsa meets its fiduciary obligations by 
voting delegated proxies in a manner that is in the best 
interest of its clients.  
Hamblin Watsa is committed, over time, to further en-
hancing our ESG policies, processes, and procedures, to 
further promote ESG principles within the company.  
Sustainable Investments  
Within its portfolio, Hamblin Watsa has significant invest-
ments in sustainable companies. For example, Foran Min-
ing, the world ’s first carbon neutral copper development 
project and Farmers Edge, that uses advanced technology 
to substantially reduce farms ’ environmental impact and 
generate high -quality carbon offsets.  
Foran Mining Corporation  
Fairfax has invested $100 million into Foran Mining, a cop-
per-zinc-gold -silver exploration and development compa-
ny committed to supporting a greener future. Foran ’s goal 
is to build the first mine in Canada designed to be carbon 
neutral from inception. It is currently in the feasibility 
stage of development for their flagship McIlvenna Bay 
project in eastern Saskatchewan.  
Foran Mining has announced its purchase of carbon off-
sets to cover emissions relating to the McIlvenna Bay pro-
ject over the past 10 years, including emissions from fuel 
and exploration. This purchase allowed McIlvenna Bay to 
become the “world ’s first carbon neutral copper develop-
ment project ”. Moreover, it funded carbon offset projects 
in Newfoundland and Labrador and Zimbabwe, choosing 
each because “they are verified to a high standard and 
incorporate Canadian and international projects ”.  
For more information, visit Foran ’s website . 
 
 
 
 OUR BUSINESS  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 10    Sustainable Investments (Cont ’d )  
Farmers Edge  
Farmers Edge uses advanced technological innovations, 
leading -edge research, connected field sensors and big 
data analytics to develop a comprehensive farm -specific 
program that marries sound agronomy with regenerative 
land management practices and water stewardship for 
high -intensity, low -impact crop production. This ap-
proach is applied to every aspect of farm management, 
including seed, fertilizer, water use, crop protection and 
equipment efficiency planning. The integrated set of digi-
tal tools allows for easy and effortless implementation, 
monitoring, and management. Advanced analytics make 
it easy to measure progress and benchmark the improve-
ments of a farm ’s yields, soil health, water management 
and efficiencies, proving that sustainability, productivity, 
and profitability come together.  
Effective data management and seamless data integra-
tion create synergies among the different areas of farm 
management, substantially reducing environmental im-
pact and generating high -quality carbon offsets . The goal 
is not just to drive the implementation of low -input, low -
emissions practices on the farm, but to ensure that these 
practices are truly sustainable and profitable over the 
long term.  
For more information on Farmers Edge ’s Carbon Pro-
gram, visit their website .  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sustainable Investment Initiatives  
In addition to the above, many of Hamblin Watsa ’s 
portfolio companies have sustainable initiatives as out-
lined below.  
Dexterra  
Since 1985, Dexterra, through their Forestry Services 
division has been providing safe, professionally run refor-
estation solutions to many different industries. Their op-
erations span across Canada and are now one of the 
country ’s largest reforestation contractors, supporting 
the sustainability of Canada ’s forestry industries. Every 
year they plant more than 40 million trees and have 
planted more than 2 billion trees across Canada.  
For more information on Dexterra ’s Sustainability initia-
tives, read their 2020 ESG Report.   
 
 
 
Seaspan  
Seaspan, a subsidiary of Atlas Corporation, continues to 
strengthen its environmentally conscious activities and 
ambitions through its innovative sustainable financing 
efforts. These efforts include issuing $500 million of sus-
tainability -linked bonds (one of the first such bond issu-
ances in the container shipping industry), $750 million of 
Blue Transition Bonds, and a $2.5 billion sustainability -
linked portfolio financing program, which includes a $500 
million private placement. These financings support Sea-
span ’s sustainability objectives with bespoke structures 
based on carbon emissions, sustainability -linked charters, 
and ambitious investment targets for decarbonization. 
Seaspan ’s $200 million sustainability -linked portfolio fi-
nancing loan was awarded the “The Asset Triple A Sus-
tainable Capital Markets Regional Awards 2020 – Best 
Sustainability -Linked Loan. ” 
For more details on Atlas Corporation ’s Sustainability, 
view their 2020 Sustainability Report .  
 
 
 OUR BUSINESS  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 11    
Sustainable Investment Initiatives 
(Cont ’d ) 
Blackberry  
In June 2020, Blackberry announced its expanded commit-
ment to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) Sus-
tainable Development Goals (SDGs), investing in initiatives 
that enable access to clean water for the global communi-
ties the company serves. In addition, it set a goal to be 
carbon neutral by 2021 and has reduced its carbon emis-
sions by 88% since 2013. Plastic elimination and recycling 
efforts also continue at BlackBerry, evidenced through a 
reduction in global waste from operations by 45.3%, re-
sulting in savings of 27.6 MT CO2e since 2018.  
For more information on Blackberry ’s Corporate Social 
Responsibility initiatives, visit their website .  Others  
In addition to the above, a substantial number of our other 
investee companies have sustainability initiatives which 
are either published on their websites or outlined in their 
own ESG reports. For convenience, we have included links 
to this information for five more of our portfolio compa-
nies.  
Recipe Unlimited  
Stelco    
Eurobank    
Resolute   
Kennedy Wilson   OUR BUSINESS  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 12   OUR ENVIRONMENT  
In This Section  
13 Climate Change Risk          
 Mitigation  
14 Sustainable Underwriting  
15 Engagement with Insureds 
 to Mitigate Risk  
15 Climate Change Research  
16 Environmental Initiatives  
16 Calculating Green House 
 Gas Emissions  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 13   Our long -term approach to business views climate change as 
being a substantial risk for our organization over the long term. 
We consistently monitor the effects of climate change on our 
customers, including assistance with and mitigating exposure 
to climate risk. In addition, we continually monitor exposures 
from climate change, with particular attention to the effects it 
has on weather patterns from a frequency and severity per-
spective.  
Alongside dealing with the COVID -19 challenges throughout 
2020, we have worked hard to adapt, embracing, and bringing 
forward several environmental actions, including the accelera-
tion of paperless initiatives across the group through new tech-
nologies. We remain mindful of the environment in construc-
tion and refurbishment projects, an example being the eco -
design of Crum & Forster ’s new head office. As we continue to 
focus on the reduction of our carbon footprint, a number of 
our operations have also been proactive in partnering with 
ecological organizations.  
Climate Change Risk Mitigation  
We are very aware of the potential risks associated with cli-
mate change – and that ’s why we take a rigorous, long -term 
approach to how we manage and monitor our exposure.   Cli-
mate change is affecting the unpredictability surrounding the 
frequency, severity and general nature of weather -related ca-
tastrophes. In terms of our climate change exposed property 
insurance portfolio  , our primary concerns are the impacts 
these changes will and have had on windstorms, wildfires, 
flooding, and other severe weather   event losses.    
Unlike the perpetual and dynamic nature of climate change, 
our policies are generally annual in duration – so as we monitor 
the risks carefully, we know it is something that will play out 
over time, which allows us to manage our risk exposure and 
refine our pricing and risk appetite accordingly. As with all our 
business, we take the 
long -term view.    
All our operating compa-
nies develop and apply 
strict underwriting guide-
lines for catastrophe ex-
posure it may assume for 
any one risk and location 
and these guidelines are 
monitored frequently and 
updated regularly.  
To stress test their 
portfolios, our companies 
use state -of-the-art, in-
dustry recognized tools, 
including geospatial capa-bilities, to monitor and quantify risk exposures. We use a 1/250
-year event as our benchmark for risk tolerance but also con-
sider and assess events with more remote probabilities, to en-
sure our companies will be here to serve their clients and com-
munities for the long -term.    
Our operating companies manage their catastrophe exposure 
first by being scrupulous selecting risks, including but not lim-
ited to, assessing risk location (including historical and ever -
evolving flood and wildfire risk), construction type, local build-
ing codes and rebuilding costs while also providing expert haz-
ard and risk management services to their insureds once risks 
are bound. Subsidiaries also diversify catastrophe risk across 
geographic regions, catastrophe  types  and lines of business, 
factoring in reinsurance protection availability, adjusting the 
amount of business written based on capital levels and adher-
ing to risk tolerance guidelines.    
While our operating companies carefully manage their own 
catastrophe exposures and risk appetite, we closely monitor 
them at the Fairfax level. Across the group, we aggregate our 
company -wide exposures and compare it to our risk tolerance 
of one year ’s worth of normalized net earnings before income 
taxes (15% return on common shareholders ’ equity, adjusted 
to a pre -tax basis). The modeled probability of aggregate catas-
trophe losses in any one year exceeding this amount is general-
ly more than once in every 250 years.   
In our 35 -year history, catastrophic losses have never repre-
sented a significant number relative to Fairfax capital and earn-
ings, or those of any of our operating  companies. In this chang-
ing landscape we are continually assessing our exposures, and 
which risks are accepted while supporting our clients ’ needs. 
We approach this by carefully deploying our capital and capaci-
ty in the face of the uncertain impacts of climate change, al-
ways keeping in mind the long -term sustainability of the com-
pany.   Environment  
5% 13% 3% 10% 4% 7% 19% 7% 5% 3% 2% 5% 14% 6% 4% 5%$0$500$1,000$1,500$2,000$2,500$3,000
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Catastrophe losses incurred Catastrophe exposure tolerance (15% of shareholders' equity, shown on pre-tax basis)
Historical Catastrophe Losses Compared to Exposure Tolerance  (in US$ millions)  
Combined 
Ratio Impact  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 14   Sustainable Underwriting  
In addition to managing climate change risk, our companies 
consider other environmental and sustainable factors with-
in their underwriting processes to reduce risk.  
Brit, our global market -leading Lloyd ’s of London operation, 
actively encourages its underwriters to consider, assess 
and take note of the ESG approach of risks within their cur-
rent portfolio. Together with this, protocols are implement-
ed to ensure a suitable level of due diligence is undertaken 
within their underwriting process. Notably, ESG considera-
tions are expanding as part of each product ’s underwriting 
philosophy and will be increasingly influential in their appe-
tite and growth strategy going forward. Brit is currently 
engaged with various data providers to access both quanti-
tative and qualitative ESG scoring of their portfolio.  It plans 
to provide underwriters with some structured external ESG 
assessment tools when selecting insureds. Brit has also 
hosted external speakers, including Clyde & Co, to run ESG 
awareness sessions to discuss the physical and transitional 
risk of climate change and the possible implications for 
insurance and underwriting.  
Additionally, throughout 2020, Brit worked with Lloyd ’s of 
London on the Bank of England ’s ‘Climate Biennial Explora-
tory Scenario ’ (CBES) pilot which is made up of a group of 
ten managing agents. CBES is a stress test which allows Brit 
to work alongside policy makers to form a response to cli-
mate related issues. CBES is requiring Brit to engage with 
the climate science and look how they can adjust catastro-
phe modelling to represent our changing climate at varying 
time horizons.   
Crum & Forster, a national commercial P&C insurance com-
pany in the United States, has an Environmental profit cen-
tre where underwriters are charged with grading the quali-
ty of a business with respect to its potential impact to the environment. Coverage can be provided to those who re-
mediate, monitor, and clean up environmental issues, to 
facilities that might have an environmental release, or to 
other aspects of the management of environmental liabili-
ties. Underwriting incorporates several analytical points, 
including benefits for clients with good environmental 
practices and protocols. Many of Crum & Forster ’s under-
writers come from engineering and scientific backgrounds 
enabling better understanding of the technical and regula-
tory environmental issues at hand.  
ARX, our Ukraine operation has created an Environmental 
and Social Risk management policy. The objective of the 
policy is to manage environmental and social risks associat-
ed with ARX business activities and to promote good envi-
ronmental and social business practices among their cli-
ents. As a result, the assessment of environmental and 
social risks was integrated into underwriting and policy 
wordings of ARX.  
Allied World, our largest operating company, is in the pro-
cess of formally integrating environmental standards into 
their underwriting procedures. As part of that process, they 
are assessing the opportunities to support policyholders to 
transition to a low -carbon economy. Its underwriters un-
derstand that an important aspect of undertaking any risk, 
including those with environmental considerations, is to 
consider potential moral and reputational risks associated 
with the company. As such, Allied World has limited its 
exposure to nuclear energy, construction of new thermal -
coal mines and Arctic energy exploration.  Additionally, its 
Global Market Insurance division has put in place under-
writing guidelines for its Europe and Asia Pacific operations 
consistent with the Paris Climate Agreement objectives to 
reduce carbon dioxide emissions, increase renewable ener-
gy and increase energy efficiency. This division comprises 
about 20% of Allied World ’s gross premiums written.  OUR ENVIRONMENT  
65% of our companies have implemented at least one or more of the following into their  
underwriting processes:  
• Commitment to integrating environmental standards within underwriting  
• Managerial responsibility for the integration of environmental           
standards within underwriting   
• Environmental risk assessment   
• Underwriting operating guidelines includes environmental factors   
• Employee training and awareness on environmental factors  
• Exclusion of clients based on environmental factors  
• Monitoring and measurement of environmental impacts  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 15   Engagement with Insureds to         
Mitigate Risk  
Each of our companies engage with their customers on the 
benefits of sustainable operations as well as provide educa-
tion on environmental factors and risks to their operations. 
Below we outline a few examples from our companies.   
Allied World's Environmental Risk Management Group de-
velops online webinars and white papers for clients, risk 
managers and brokers on the topics of environmental risk 
and the impact it has to their operations. These resources 
are available online year -round to customers and brokers at 
Allied World ’s Risk Management Educational Portal. These 
value -added, thought leadership publications cover topics 
of environmental interest that readers can use to improve 
their understanding of associated risk and exposures. In 
2020, topics included: ‘Waste Not, Want Not — An In -Depth 
Introduction to Universal and Electronic Waste ’ (Webinar); 
‘Severe Weather Checklist ’ (Resource); and ‘Environmental 
Considerations for Retail Shopping Malls ’ (White Paper). 
When customers express additional interest, the Risk Man-
agement Group provides additional resources or direct ac-
cess to environmental subject matter experts as needed to 
mitigate the frequency and severity of those risks.  
Northbridge, one of the largest Commercial P&C insurers in 
Canada based on gross premiums written, provides tech-
nical bulletins on wildfire, flooding, and roof load and snow 
issues to their insureds. It has also recently developed a 
supporting document to their ‘Risk Insight on Flooding ’ that 
speaks to flood mitigation devices (physical barriers) that 
can be installed on properties to aid in holding back water.  
In recent years Northbridge has worked on a project that 
helps customers quickly identify roof issues (primarily snow) 
using sensors. Additionally, the Northbridge catastrophe 
team identifies wildfire concerns, calculates the proximity to 
customer properties and communicates this to the brokers 
and agents who provide these customers with North-
bridge ’s Risk Insight document together with contact infor-
mation.  
Zenith, our workers' compensation insurer based in Califor-
nia presents the advantages of both solar and wind power 
to assist in mitigating their overall energy costs to its com-
mercial P&C customers.  Additionally, Zenith, as part of their 
loss control services to commercial P&C policyholders in the 
agriculture industry, continuously investigates if a facility 
has exposure to weather -related hazards. The importance 
of disaster planning and recovery programs is emphasized 
given its role in large natural disasters, such as earthquakes, 
windstorms, tornados, floods, wildfires, etc.   
 Climate Change Research  
Allied World is committed to protecting people and proper-
ty and natural approaches have been proven to be an effec-
tive and sustainable way to reduce risk, while also pro-
tecting wildlife and natural habitats.  For many years, it has 
worked alongside the National Wildlife Federation (NWF) to 
develop research reports related to the environment. The 
new report, ‘The Protective Value of Nature ’, synthesizes 
the latest science from across the U.S., evaluating the per-
formance of natural systems such as wetlands and forests in 
the face of hurricanes, floods, wildfires, and other natural 
disasters. As the 2020 hurricane season was beginning and 
the risk of wildfires and Midwest flooding were mounting, 
this report made strong recommendations on how to in-
crease community resilience.  
Allied World ’s engagement with the NWF in recent years 
has enabled Allied World to gain a better understanding of 
how natural systems can be used as a risk mitigation tool.  
In addition to an excellent research report, Lou Iglesias, 
President of Allied World also contributed to an opinion 
piece with Collin O ’Mara, CEO of NWF. That piece, ‘Sow 
Nature ’s Lessons, Reap Better Protection ’, was republished 
by The Hill and Risk & Insurance publications.  OUR ENVIRONMENT  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 16   Environmental Initiatives  
Across Fairfax, our companies and employees are proud to 
do what they can to help keep our planet healthy. Wheth-
er it’s utilizing solar power in California or supporting local 
biodiversity in Brazil, the Fairfax family continues to find 
new and innovative ways to give back to our planet. All our 
companies have green initiatives in place, a number of 
which are outlined below.  
Zenith has many ongoing green initiatives including plans 
in place to utilize solar energy and reduce employee com-
muting and business travel.  To conserve water, Zenith has 
installed ‘Flushometers ’ in restrooms and automatic water 
dispensing sinks in their corporate office. Additionally, a 
controlled irrigation system and landscape design that 
groups plants with similar water needs together enables 
efficient water usage. Currently planning is in progress to 
install solar parking covers for the main campus in Wood-
land Hills and will generate just over one gigawatt of ener-
gy at peak performance. Zenith expects to offset at least 
40% of their current electricity bill using solar, and the 
project will – over its expected 25 -year lifespan – reduce 
total carbon output by 62 million pounds. Additionally, 
following a successful COVID -19 hybrid system, employees 
can now work from home 3 -5 days a week, resulting in less 
commuting, less consumption of paper and other office 
products and less business travel as the workforce contin-
ues to leverage the technology that enables remote work.  
Fairfax Brasil, based in Brazil, supports, and works closely 
with the Onçafari: Jaguar Conservation program. This pro-
gram conserves biodiversity in the places where they are 
located and was focused on Pantanal, the World ’s largest 
tropical wetland. The daily work of monitoring jaguars 
allows for the collection of data never observed. This data 
is important to better understand the relationship be-
tween species enabling improved strategies for biodiversi-
ty conservation. The work of rehabilitation and reintroduc-tion of jaguars into the wild may be the key to saving criti-
cally endangered jaguar populations, such as those in the 
Atlantic Forest. The program succeeded for the first time 
in history to successfully reintroduce a big feline into the 
wild evidenced through the confirmation of the birth of 
baby jaguars to these parents over the last year. Notably, 
the increased Jaguar population increases tourism and 
particularly ecotourism with associated benefits to entire 
communities. This program has expanded to three other 
Brazilian biomes: Amazon, Cerrado and Atlantic Forest 
with a goal of reaching all biomes, extending to the Pam-
pas and the Caatinga in the near future.  
Calculating Green House Gas      
Emissions   
We continue to be invested in learning more about our 
organization ’s carbon emissions and are committed to 
calculating our Green House Gas (GHG) emissions by 2023. 
One example of how we are tracking and calculating our 
Carbon Footprint today is the carbon emission work done 
by Brit.  
Brit calculates its GHG emissions, and their carbon offset 
program is run through ClimateCare through a portfolio of 
activities, namely donating Gyapa efficient cooking stoves 
in Ghana, burn efficient cook stoves in East Africa, Aqua 
Clara in Kenya (removing the need to burn wood to boil 
and purify water), bondhu chula stoves in Bangladesh and 
providing grid scale renewable energy to regions of India. 
Brit plans to share an environmental e -Learning module to 
the entire workforce in 2022. This module will focus par-
ticularly on the climate and what employees can do to 
reduce their own carbon footprint and will be rolled out 
on a mandatory basis. There are already compulsory regu-
lar training modules for social and governance risks, such 
as exposing bribery and corruption, preventing financial 
crime, awareness of modern slavery, good governance, 
and ethical business.  OUR ENVIRONMENT  
95% of our companies have in place at least one or more of the following environmental  
initiatives:  
• Waste reduction scheme   
• Recycling facilities   
• Travel reduction targets   
• Employee commute reduction targets  
• Commitment to reduction of paper   
• Environmental training & awareness   
• Energy efficient appliances  
• Environmental employee events  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 17   
In This Section  
18 Our Employees  
33 Our Customers  
36 Our Community  SOCIAL  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 18   Our Employees  
Canada
12%
U.S
40%
Latam
7%Asia
17%Africa
6%Europe
17%
15,000+ 
Employees   
Worldwide  
54%  Women  1,596  
Full-time Employees 
Hired in 2020  
Overall  
Average Age  
42 
6.5%  
Voluntary Turnover Rate  
8.8% 
Overall Turnover Rate  23%  Executive   
Level Positions 
Held by Women  
Average Employee      
Tenure  
8 years  Average Executive          
Level Tenure  
12 years  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 19   Employee Age Demographics  
16%32%
25%
20%
8%11%25% 25%27%
13%22%41%
25%
10%
2%
< 30 years old 30 - 40 years old 40 - 50 years old 50 - 60 years old 60+ years old
Overall Workforce North American Employees International Employees
North America includes Allied World, Crum & Forster, Northbridge, Odyssey Group, RiverStone and Zenith.  
International includes ARX, Brit, Bryte, Colonnade, Fairfax Asia (AMAG, Fairfirst, Falcon - Hong Kong, Pacific),     
Fairfax Brasil, Fairfax LATAM (Meridional, SBI, SBS, Southbridge), and Universalna . Average Employee Age   
Overall Workforce  42 
North American Employees  45 
International Employees  37 
U.S. Companies ’ Ethnic Demographics  
Includes employees at Allied World, Crum & Forster, Odyssey Group (only US based employees), RiverStone and 
Zenith, that makes up ~45% of our employees.  
Other includes other races not listed and employees who have not disclosed race/ethnicity.  
White
67.5%Asian
13.0%Hispanic/Latino
8.9%Black
7.2%Other
3.4%
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 20   Learning & Development  
Fairfax continually invests in its employees to ensure the ongoing progression and long -term retention of our workforce by 
providing meaningful development. Throughout the pandemic, Fairfax continued to develop its people with over 197,000 
training hours being made available throughout our operations. All our operating companies provide employee training 
however, only two thirds of our companies formally record training hours, an area of focus going forward. Notwithstanding 
this, we are satisfied with the substantial levels of training and associated senior management support throughout our enti-
ties across the globe.  
Of further significance is how we have partnered with over 50 leading Universities and other post -secondary institutions 
across 13 countries over the last number of years. These relationships have been invaluable in enabling us to remain updat-
ed and market focused, in terms of competency development. Moreover, it has made possible a consistent intake of well -
educated talent through several well -established intern and co -operative programs.  
Human Capital Development Initiatives & Programs  
Below shows the percentage of our total workforce that have access to the following types of human capital development 
initiatives and programs.   OUR EMPLOYEES  
197,000+ Training Hours Completed in 2020  
All our operating companies provide training hours to their employees. 100% of our employees have access to at least three 
or more of the following types of training programs presented below.  
Below shows the percentage of our total workforce that have access to the following types of employee training programs.   
83%100%96% 97%
New Employees or Graduate
ProgramsEmployee Training Programs Educational Assistance to
EmployeesTalent and Leadership
Development Programs83% 100% 96% 97%
94%96% 96% 97%
90%98%
100%
Business Skills Technical Skills Management Skills Soft Skills Personal Skills Cybersecurity
AwarenessAnti-corruption or
Business Ethics
94% 96% 96% 97% 90% 98%
 100%
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 21   
Partnered Universities & Other 
Post -Secondary Insti tutions  
Operating Company  Institution Institution Location  
Allied World  Dublin City University  Ireland  
ARX Kyiv National Economic University  Ukraine  
ARX Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv  Ukraine  
ARX, Universalna  Kyiv National University of Trade & Economics  Ukraine  
Brit University College London  England  
Brit University of Chicago  USA 
Bryte  Maharishi Institute  South Africa  
Bryte  University of Johannesburg  South Africa  
Bryte  University of Pretoria  South Africa  
Bryte  Witwatersrand University  South Africa  
Colonnade  Kozminski University  Poland  
Colonnade  University Of Warsaw  Poland  
Crum & Forster  Appalachian State University  USA 
Crum & Forster  Columbia School of Insurance Management  USA 
Crum & Forster  Dillard University  USA 
Crum & Forster  Kent State University  USA 
Crum & Forster  Monmouth University  USA 
Crum & Forster  Stark State Community College  USA 
Crum & Forster  University of Akron  USA 
Crum & Forster, Odyssey  St. John ’s University  USA 
Fairfax, Northbridge, Crum &  
Forster, Odyssey, RiverStone, Zenith  University of Waterloo  Canada  
Fairfax Brasil  Escola Nacional de Seguros  Brazil  
Fairfax Brasil  Fundação Escola de Comércio Álvares Penteado  Brazil  
Fairfax Brasil  Universidade Anhembi Morumbi  Brazil  
Fairfax Brasil  Universidade Cruzeiro do Sul  Brazil  
Fairfax Brasil  Universidade de São Paulo  Brazil  
Fairfax Brasil  Universidade Paulista  Brazil  
Fairfax Brasil  Universidade Presbiteriana Mackenzie  Brazil  
Fairfax LATAM  Universidad Argentina de la Empresa  Argentina  
Fairfax LATAM  Universidad del Salvador  Argentina  
Fairfax LATAM  Universidad de Chile  Chile  
Fairfax LATAM  Universidad de Santiago de Chile  Chile  
Fairfax LATAM  Javeriana University  Colombia  
Fairfax LATAM  SENA (Servico Nacional de Aprendizaje)  Colombia  
Fairfax LATAM  Universidad EAFIT  Colombia  
Fairfax LATAM  Universidad de Montevideo  Uruguay  
Northbridge  Centennial College  Canada  
Northbridge  Humber College  Canada  
Odyssey Group  Queen Mary University London  England  
Odyssey Group  Howard University  USA 
Odyssey Group  Princeton University  USA 
Odyssey Group  Stony Brook University  USA 
Odyssey Group  Temple University  USA 
Pacific  USCI University  Malaysia  
RiverStone  St. Anselm College  USA 
RiverStone  University of Connecticut  USA 
RiverStone  University of New Hampshire  USA 
Universalna  Lviv Polytechnic National University  Ukraine  
Universalna  University of the State Fiscal Service of Ukraine  Ukraine  
Zenith  California State University, Chico  USA 
Zenith  California State University, Fresno  USA 
Zenith  California State University, Northridge  USA 
Zenith  California State University, Sacramento  USA 
Zenith  Florida A&M University  USA 
Zenith  San Diego State University  USA 
Zenith  State College of Florida  USA 
Zenith  University of Texas  USA 
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 22   Students & Interns  
Allied World supports students with an annual eight -week internship program focused on insurance for 
college students. This U.S. -based program is open to third -year undergraduate students looking to pur-
sue a career in insurance. In 2020, students worked in the Philadelphia and New York offices and mov-
ing forward will expand across the U.S with a focus on diversity and inclusion. Interns successful in se-
curing a permanent position are placed in Allied World ’s 'Our World ’ program, immersing these candi-
dates in their culture and values.  
Northbridge offers a seven -month intensive trainee program for new University graduates wishing to 
pursue a career in insurance. Each year, 12 to 14 trainees join the program and choose to specialize in 
either claims or underwriting. They complete four Chartered Insurance Professional courses during the 
program and spend three months on -the-job within a business unit to gain exposure to the work they ’ll 
do upon graduation . Upon completion a permanent placement is offered to successful candidates.  
Odyssey Group, our largest reinsurance company,  recognizes the high cost of post -secondary education 
in th e U.S. and the burden this often places on students entering the workforce. To alleviate this pres-
sure and attract top talent, Odyssey Group offers tuition reimbursement to full -time employees after 
one year of tenure, paying up to 90% for business -related degrees at accredited Universities and 100% 
book cost reimbursement.  
Fairfax Co -op Program  
The Fairfax Co -op Program was established in 2013 with the goal of fostering enhanced talent acquisi-
tion development across the Fairfax group. This involved the establishment of a quality, long -term part-
nership with the University of Waterloo which has one of the most extensive co -op programs in the 
world and attracts the highest caliber of students. Since inception, 968 students have been placed  
across Fairfax companies with students travelling to a number of countries for their four or eight -month 
terms. 104 students were placed in 2020, successfully completing their terms working remotely.  
Early Career Employees  
In recent years, Northbridge developed an internal portal that furthers employee education and learn-
ing by implementing a 70 -20-10 approach - 70% of the employee ’s educational time is spent on role 
specific training, 20% is allotted to coaching and mentoring by other employees and the remaining 10% 
is allocated to course feedback. The portal is offered in partnership with LinkedIn Learning to bring ac-
cessible, high -quality, and personal learning modules to all employees ensuring that both soft and hard 
skills are continually developing.  
Odyssey Group facilitates an Actuarial Student Program that encourages new employees to gain further 
education by offering paid study time and bonuses for passing actuarial exams. Attaining an actuarial 
designation (country specific) is an important endeavor for anyone pursuing an actuarial career and is 
necessary to achieve higher level actuarial positions. Odyssey Group has several programs that are tai-
lored to the local actuarial designations available with each providing paid study time for 25 -45% of the 
expected study time per exam, bonuses for passing exams on the first time, and/or salary increases 
associated with attaining designations.  1 Four Stage Learning & Development Map  
At Fairfax, we work hard to ensure that our employees have access to strong learning and development programs at every 
level of seniority. We recognize employees ’ requirements vary depending on subsidiary, department, and specialty, there-
fore we rely on our decentralized structure to ensure flexible, local, and personalized programs appropriate to the work-
force of the particular entity. Below we outline examples of such programs.  OUR EMPLOYEES  
2 
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 23   AMAG, our Fairfax Asia operation in Indonesia offers sponsorship for overseas training in addition to an 
interest -free loan facility to financially assist employees with University admission fees. Additionally, 
AMAG developed a unique ‘Management Trainee Program ’ to attract fresh graduates with strong poten-
tial with the goal of developing these candidates to become future leaders in AMAG.  
The ‘Learnership Program ’ in Bryte, whilst somewhat restricted during COVID -19, has been in place for 
many years selecting young people from severely disadvantaged backgrounds with associated absence of 
education to participate in a work induction program incorporating basic etiquette, communication, and 
technical skills. The aim of this program is to transition these participants into roles within Bryte.  
Management   
Brit partnered with University of Chicago Booth School of Business to offer a tailored three module ‘Brit 
Mini MBA ’ to provide senior managers with sharp business judgement and the confidence to make high 
stakes decisions that create lasting value. Chicago Booth believe leadership development must be ground-
ed in an understanding of business fundamentals: how markets work, organization's function, and how 
people behave. The modules focus on ‘Strategic Thinking and Strategy ’, ‘Organizational Leadership ’ and 
‘Innovation and Decision Making ’. The modules were written in collaboration with Brit ’s executive team. 
To date, 36 senior managers from across all business areas at Brit have completed the initial two modules 
with the third taking place in early 2022.  
Zenith offers internally developed managerial and leadership training programs that provide employees at 
different levels of seniority with the core skills required to progress throughout the company. For more 
than a decade, Zenith has offered ‘Steps to Success, ’ a year -long, cohort -based learning and development 
program that readies high potential, new and emerging supervisors with the knowledge and skills needed 
to continually progress both personally and from a career perspective. ‘Leadership Ladder ’ is a similar 
program for directors and above that broadens perspectives while participants work on real -world busi-
ness problems.  
Northbridge carries out a competitive month -long program for up to 24 employees to develop leadership 
skills via an active hands -on approach, building confidence and skills amongst employees to foster an envi-
ronment of great leaders. The group learns about strategy, change, innovation, strong presentation skills, 
and has a chance to grow their network across the company. The program finishes up with a final project 
presentation.  
In order to support its management, Eurolife  FFH*, our market leading insurer in Greece, launched an 
initiative for managers and supervisors to advance their coaching and feedback skills. The program lasted 
two months and gave the participants the opportunity to learn fundamental methods and coaching tools, 
to apply them in real cases and to return to the classroom with feedback and examples to share with the 
team. This way, knowledge and experience was shared among participants, while at the same time they 
realized that all managers face similar challenges. At the end of the course, a team of six participants were 
given the opportunity to participate in additional one -on-one coaching sessions with an external trainer, 
to work on specific areas. Following the successful completion of the program, new cycles have been or-
ganized for other participants.  
 OUR EMPLOYEES  
3 
*Eurolife FFH Insurance Group (Eurolife FFH) was not a consolidated company in 2020, however Fairfax increased its ownership in 
2021 and became a consolidated company. For the purposes of this report we included them in the qualitative examples only.  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 24   Leaders  
Fairfirst, a Fairfax Asia entity based in Sri Lanka developed the ‘Fairfirst Academy ’ in 2016, a compulsory 
program for executives and branch heads. Training courses within the program include claims manage-
ment, finance, legal and risk compliance, marketing and digital solutions, underwriting portfolio and re-
insurance and operations. The Fairfirst Academy was built by combining the expertise and capabilities of 
internal and external subject matter experts. Training is provided in a preferred language of choice with 
Sinhala, Tamil, and English as options. In addition to extensive modules on insurance, Fairfirst Academy 
also hosts sessions on other essential life -skills including wellness and mental wellbeing.  
Bryte Academy was launched in 2019 and continues to see great success as it focuses on leadership and 
development and building employees core skills required to excel as leaders. The focus of their leader-
ship development programs is to enable leaders to thrive, achieve excellence in the new world of work 
and develop a leadership pipeline. Since the launch of the Bryte Academy, they have introduced a num-
ber of programs that are aligned with the culture they want to drive as an organization and ensure that 
their leaders are qualified.  
Throughout 2021 Fairfax Asia brought 68 of its senior leaders through a Fairfax Strategy Program which 
has been hugely beneficial in terms of enhancing leadership capability and immersing those participants 
in the wider Fairfax culture and context. Prem actively contributed to every session making strong inputs 
on topics such as ‘doing good, by doing well ’ and business being ‘a force for good ’. Planning is currently 
underway to progress with Phase II of this training throughout 2022 and beyond with full support from 
all. 
Fairfax Leadership Workshop  
Since 2012, an annual Fairfax Leadership Workshop takes place with invitees from across the globe. The 
Fairfax Leadership Workshop was created to enable high potential leaders across Fairfax companies to 
come together for one week for leadership interventions and training. The focus of this workshop is to 
gain an understanding of Fairfax ’s history and culture, connect with Fairfax ’s senior leaders, explore Fair-
fax leadership styles, and gain a greater appreciation of how our Guiding Principles can support and sus-
tain strong business into the future. The workshop is also meant to create a meaningful opportunity for 
participants to network and build close relationships with peers across the globe. Undoubtedly, relation-
ships emanating from this program have been a catalyst in mobilizing significant collaborative initiatives 
in recent years.   
This intensive five -day program guides participants through an array of topics and principles centered 
around the Guiding Principles and several interconnected themes such as Leadership, Culture, ‘Doing 
Good, by Doing Well ’, Entrepreneurialism, ‘Being Results Orientated ’ and Collaboration. Prem and top 
executives at Fairfax and the operating companies run sessions with the participants that give them ac-
cess to differing leadership styles, encouraging self -reflection, and highlighting the value and importance 
of participants embracing their own, authentic, unique, and differentiated leadership style. To date, 199 
senior Fairfax Leaders have attended this program. The past participants of this program meet annually 
through a one -day Leadership Reunion which, after a COVID -19 hiatus, will be reinstated along with the 
Leadership Workshop as soon as it is safe.  
Learning & Development Planning  
In summary, we believe that attracting, retaining, and developing our employees are the key factors to 
both our employees ’ personal success as well as our success as a company. We will continue to develop 
and implement recruitment, learning and development and leadership programs that address these 
factors from the beginning of an employee ’s career until they retire. Each entity will continue their pro-
cess of identifying the most suitable learning initiatives and programs for their workforce through an 
annual and iterative training needs analysis. At the holding company level, we will continue to host our 
annual Leadership Workshop and facilitate the Fairfax Co -op Program as well as continually investigate 
other ways that we can support our companies with the development of their employees.  OUR EMPLOYEES  
4 
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 25    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 OUR EMPLOYEES  
Percentage of total employees that have access to the above employee engagement initiatives.  Learning & Development Risks and 
Mitigation Strategies  
A key risk mitigation strategy undertaken throughout our 
North American and International entities within learning 
and development is the creation of a Human Resources (HR) 
Working Group for each. These groups are made up of key 
HR management from each of our companies and is an op-
portunity for them to share ideas, challenges, and opportuni-
ties, enabling companies to learn from one another and rep-
licate or iterate pre -existing initiatives. One such example of 
this is the recent Fairfax Asia leadership program, the con-
tent of which has been shared through the working group 
model with a view of it being adopted by other companies 
throughout the group.  
Other risk mitigation strategies include strengthening rela-
tionships with current and additional educational partners to ensure we have a strong talent base to recruit from and 
continually supporting our employees with new learning and development programs to ensure they are progressing.  
Succession Planning  
While we operate on a decentralized basis and allow our Presidents to manage their operations independently, Fairfax 
manages and holds ultimate responsibility for the succession planning process. As discussed above, all our entities engage 
in various key talent programs with an ongoing focus on competency and career progression. At the holding company 
level, we annually review this progression and collect data on key successors for each entity along with associated conver-
sations and engagement with the Presidents on suitability and readiness. This ensures adequate bench strength across 
the group in the event of the unforeseen loss, whether permanent or temporary, of any of our leaders at any of our com-
panies.  
Employee Engagement  
In addition to the risk mitigation strategies listed above there are strong employee engagement programs in place 
throughout the Group. Integrated employee engagement programs together with a strong culture have helped us to stay 
connected to our workforce and enables our valued employees to feel part of Fairfax, their employer and to each other. 
Continuous engagement with our workforce will continue to be a priority for Fairfax evidenced through multiple initia-
tives, some examples of which we have shared below.  Employee Turnover  
Our total turnover rate from 
2020 is 8.8% of which 6.5% was 
voluntary. Throughout the 
COVID -19 pandemic, we con-
tinue to be committed to pro-
tecting our employees and pre-
venting any unnecessary redundancies. These 
efforts are evidenced through an increase in the 
workforce of 2.5% in 2020. As part of our ongoing 
focus on employee progression and retention, all 
entities are focused on continuing to hire and in-
ternally promoting, where possible.  
CEO Townhalls Newsletter & Blog Employee Engagement
SurveysInternal
Newsletter/Intranet
SitePresident/Executive
TownhallsProcess in place for
employees to provide
anonymous feedbackLed by Fairfax Led by the Operating Companies
100% 100% 85% 94% 96% 76%
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 26   Fairfax Employee Engagement Initiatives  
CEO Townhalls  
Fairfax values the opportunity to check in with employ-
ees and welcome them into the Fairfax family. After an 
acquisition, or some time has passed since his last visit, 
Prem hosts town halls with our operating companies. 
Always energetic, open, and inspiring, Prem generally 
gives an overview of Fairfax, shares personal stories, and 
reminds employees of our long -term vision. Employees 
also can ask him any questions they may have.  
With COVID -19 restrictions and precautions in effect 
around the world, Prem took his town halls virtual in 
2020. Meeting with about one company per week since 
early June, he made his way through the North American 
companies in just over a month and met with employees 
at ARX, Brit, Colonnade, Digit, Fairfax LATAM, Fairfax 
Asia, Fairfax Brasil, and Universalna.  
A major benefit of hosting the town halls online is that 
they provide more employees with the opportunity to 
have access to the conversation. Since town halls are 
usually hosted at the head offices of our companies, em-ployees who work in other regions with smaller offices 
are often not able to participate. Additionally, it is much 
more efficient for Prem as he can meet with all the com-
panies in a year rather than taking two years to visit eve-
ry company. We expect to continue with these virtual 
town halls in the future, supplementing them with in -
person visits over time.  
Fairfax Newsletter & Blog  
With 15,000+ employees across 20+ companies in 40+ 
countries, our Fairfax Newsletter and blog are one of the 
ways we help keep our employees connected to one 
another and engaged with our company values. Whether 
it’s a Q&A series with our Presidents, topics on mental 
health or specific company initiatives, we strive to tell 
stories with purpose.  
From articles on acquisitions to infographics detailing the 
ways we give back to our communities, the newsletter 
explores and celebrates the people and operations that 
make up our Fairfax family. In our decentralized environ-
ment, our newsletter provides a unique space for our 
employees to share their stories across continents.  OUR EMPLOYEES  
Employee Share Ownership Plan  
We encourage all employees to be owners of our company 
through our Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP). Employ-
ees purchase Fairfax shares by way of payroll deduction and 
are supplemented by contributions from their employer. Our 
ESOP is open to all our consolidated operating companies to 
participate in.  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 27   Employee Wellbeing  
Fairfax has a goal of being the healthiest workforce in the 
world. All our companies address wellbeing at both a stra-
tegic and tactical level offering a myriad of initiatives in-
cluding focused mental, physical, and financial wellbeing 
initiatives, medical insurance, subsidized healthy meals 
and collaborative fitness facilities. Fairfax, at the holding 
company level, has partnered with Cleveland Clinic Canada 
over the last number of years. Cleveland Clinic continues 
to educate and partner with us in the development and 
dissemination of innovative solutions for employee health 
and wellness programs. These include assessments of cur-
rent programs, executive physicals, virtual care and offer-
ing professional second opinions. Our companies ’ invest-
ments and focus on employee wellbeing together with 
these strategic partnerships demonstrate our commitment 
to all our employees and their families ’ wellbeing.  
An excellent example of our focus on wellbeing is Crum & 
Forster's well established and fully integrated five -pronged 
program. Crum & Forster worked alongside their employ-
ees to understand their needs and currently offer three 
healthcare plans, each having different levels of affordabil-
ity providing tailored choices to their employees. In addi-
tion, there is extensive healthcare support up to $2,000 a 
year towards a health care savings account and a $20 
monthly medical plan premium credit for those earning 
less than $50,000 per annum. Additionally, in 2020, Crum  
& Forster enhanced their mental health services offerings, 
adding virtual telemedicine visits for behavioral health issues and expanding the number of free counseling ses-
sions under their Employee Assistance Program. This pro-
gram provides confidential assistance with smoking cessa-
tion, stress management, weight loss, hypertension, and 
diabetes, to name a few. Crum & Forster is committed to 
helping their employees and their families meet their well-
ness goals by providing programs such as Weight Watch-
ers®, healthy maternity program and team activity chal-
lenges. Pre -pandemic, Crum & Forster had regular onsite 
fitness programing and once COVID -19 began, they were 
able to shift to virtual and include ongoing health virtual 
challenges to engage their employees. Crum & Forster was 
recognized by leading organizations for their employee -
focused programs. Awards included American Heart Asso-
ciation 2020 Workplace Health Achievement, 2020 Aetna 
Inspiring Change Bronze Level Well -being Award and The 
Dave Thomas 100 Best Adoption Friendly Workplaces 
2020.  
Northbridge offers a comprehensive and holistic wellbeing 
program. The program focuses on four pillars of health: 
Physical, Mental, Social, and Financial. Northbridge part-
ners with Sun Life, offering free, ongoing monthly webi-
nars geared towards helping employees reach their finan-
cial goals and achieve financial wellness. In addition, they 
offer a corporate discount on fitness memberships, and 
have recently launched ‘Live Well ’ - a mobile -friendly 
platform that creates a personalized wellbeing experience 
for all employees. Prior to the pandemic, Northbridge also 
had created a hybrid work from home model to improve 
their employees work -life balance.  OUR EMPLOYEES  
Great Place to Work Certification  
Crum & Forster received certification from Great Place to Work® (GPTW), recognized as the global 
authority on benchmarking workplace culture. For more than 30 years, GPTW has been in the busi-
ness of reviewing organizational programs, practices, and communications to identify what makes a 
great workplace. Crum & Forster has been on a multi -year mission to make Crum & Forster a great 
place to work. Through enhancing its learning and development programs; bolstering its benefits and 
wellness efforts; maintaining a commitment to the spirit of diversity, equity, and inclusivity, and par-
ticipating in a range of community outreach initiatives, Crum & Forster has consistently earned high 
engagement scores. Importantly, Crum & Forster also provides its colleagues with the tools that ena-
ble them to navigate their career path.  
As part of its methodology, GPTW provides a detailed response as to why a company has been select-
ed and particularly called out the overwhelmingly positive feedback received from the employees who 
participated in the GPTW survey. Notably, 93% of Crum & Forster ’s survey participants stated that 
Crum & Forster is a great place to work, compared to just 59% for the average U.S. company.  
In addition to Crum & Forster , RiverStone, Southbridge (Chile) and SBS (Colombia) are all GPTW certi-
fied as well.  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 28   OUR EMPLOYEES  
Employee Wellbeing (Cont ’d) 
Fairfax LATAM provides general insurance through its 
subsidiaries located in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, and 
Uruguay, and offers a wide range of employee benefits. 
Among them include Dental, Life, Disability, Business 
Travel, COVID -19 and Health and Medical Insurance, 
special additional holidays (i.e., birthdays, moving, spe-
cial events), university tuition and financing solutions, 
special/discount agreements for vacations, wellness 
support and assistance on mental health and mindful-
ness, biweekly yoga and physical conditioning sessions, 
free Friday afternoons, market competitive vacation 
days, retirement plans and a flexible working environ-
ment.  
Zenith ’s multifaceted, holistic, and proactive employee 
well-being program, built over several years, includes 
financial, physical, and mental wellbeing programs. Addi-
tionally, Zenith will always support their employees in 
every way possible through a period of illness, under-
standing the multitude of challenges facing a family dur-
ing a health crisis.  
Employee Communication   
Employee communication is a key focus throughout Fair-
fax, evidenced through numerous multifaceted commu-
nication initiatives within our companies. Two -way com-
munication is facilitated throughout Fairfax through a 
commitment to scheduled performance conversations 
supplemented by informal catch ups and communica-
tion with our people. One further example of a strong 
communication initiative within Fairfax is outlined be-
low. 
Since 2019, Eurolife FFH has been implementing an initi-
ative called ‘PLAE ’ which stands for Plan - Learn - Adapt - 
Enjoy. The scope of the initiative is to transform the way the company works, collaborates, and operates. With 
the use of lean and agile methodology tools, employees 
are empowered and trained to reassess and improve 
long -established processes through a collaborative feed-
back process that engages all levels of the organization. 
The goal of this initiative is to prioritize sharing of feed-
back, information, and opinions to continually transform 
the way Eurolife FFH operates.  
Employee Benefits  
We are clear on the need to recognize and reward our 
people in line with performance, adopting a total com-
pensation model across all our operations. We offer 
basic salaries benchmarked with the market, strong, 
competitive benefits and a discretionary bonus scheme 
which is simple, non -bureaucratic and based on compa-
ny and individual performance. External benchmarking is 
utilized on an entity basis to ensure competitive and fair 
results focused compensation.   
Below outlines the percentage of total employees that 
have access to the following non -salary benefits.  
Healthcare Benefits Mental Health Benefits On-site Fitness Center or
Provide Gym
MembershipsChildcare Facilities or
ContributionsFlexible Working Hours Working From Home
Arrangements
100% 78% 69% 26% 93% 100%
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 29    
 
 
 
 
 
 OUR EMPLOYEES  
Supporting Our Employees Through the 
COVID -19 Pandemic  
2020 was a real -life test as we all had to work from 
home and be responsible for our decentralized opera-
tions all over the world. Our company is built on trust 
with a long -term focus. When the COVID -19 pandemic 
hit in March/April 2020, Fairfax took the lead on its ap-
proach and commitment to its people by stating that 
there would be no layoffs arising out of COVID -19. Full 
support from all Presidents globally ensued as reported 
by Prem in his 2020 Letter to the Shareholders. He com-
mented “we have a responsibility for looking after our 
employees and with credit to our Presidents, we met it! ” 
All our entities responded extremely well to the health 
challenges created by COVID -19 during 2020. Our excep-
tional human resources professionals, led by their Presi-
dents and supported by the team at Cleveland Clinic, 
worked together to provide our people with the help, 
guidance and support they needed through this difficult 
time. Daily updates, educational programs, wellness initi-
atives and webinars, and more were available across the 
group. Throughout the COVID -19 period, many of our 
subsidiaries created additional internal programs fo-
cused on employees ’ physical and mental wellbeing. 
Below are several examples of programs offered since 
March 2020.  
Allied World partnered with Titan Wellness to provide its 
global workforce with programs designed to empower 
employees to improve their wellbeing and make better 
choices in all areas of their lives. The company ran two 
programs, one for Europe, Bermuda and North America, 
and another for employees in Asia Pacific for a period of 
four weeks each with more than 500 employees partici-
pating. The programs included e -learning modules, 
working groups, weekly e -zines, and expert speakers, 
covering the key areas of sleep, nutrition, mindfulness, 
mental wellbeing, and physical activity. Data and insights 
gathered are helping design future health and wellbeing 
initiatives throughout Allied World. Notably, employees 
self-reported these percentage improvements in their 
wellbeing after participation: sleep, 5.12%; mental, 
6.71%; nutrition, 9.97%; and physical, 9.94%.  Crum & Forster helped their employees navigate the 
transition from office work in their 35 client -facing offic-
es around the U.S., to working from home. A Flexible 
Workplace Program was designed in 2020 which sup-
ported both the personal and professional lives of more 
than 3,000 employees enabling continued high levels of 
superior service to its customers. Remote work required 
Crum & Forster to quickly provide resources and tools to 
ease the transition. Crum & Forster created many virtual 
training sessions that included all around wellbeing. Ses-
sions ranged from managing others virtually, general tips 
and tricks for working remotely and resources for stay-
ing healthy, being mindful and managing stress.  
Fairfirst developed an employee assistance program 
providing free virtual healthcare with unlimited video 
and audio consultations with healthcare professionals. 
This is offered in conjunction with weekly ‘Get Fit ’ zoom 
classes every Friday aimed at keeping those working 
from home fit and healthy.  
During the pandemic, Brit provided their colleagues with 
opportunities and toolkits to assist them in managing 
their mental and physical wellbeing. This included a 
weekly pulse survey to check in and offer support to 
those requesting it, quarterly wellbeing newsletters, 
manager training and access to learning modules 
through their Learning Management System including 
ones on yoga, mindfulness, resilience, sleep, and stress. 
An internal program, ‘Keeping Brit Brit ’ was also ar-
ranged with the aim of involving everyone in protecting 
and enhancing Brit ’s culture as they moved to a work 
from home environment and subsequently a hybrid one.  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 30   Vaccination Programs  
COVID -19 vaccines and related information can vary dra-
matically from one part of the globe to another. We are 
delighted that each of our entities helped employees and 
their families connect with the information and resources 
needed. Below are some examples from Ukraine, Indone-
sia, and Colombia.  
In Ukraine, with access to the Fairfax cross -company HR 
working group and our partners at the Cleveland Clinic, 
our companies in Ukraine were able, through translation, 
to share this information among employees at ARX, Colon-
nade Ukraine and Universalna. In addition to sharing relia-
ble information about the vaccines, ARX and Universalna 
also offered employees and their families the opportunity 
to get their first and second dose at their offices. With 
restricted access for those outside of the medical and edu-
cational sectors, along with overall limited supplies, each 
President deemed it was critical to offer all employees 
practical help and vaccine access.  
In Indonesia, AMAG also took steps to help their employ-
ees and their families receive their vaccinations. The 
Gotong Royong initiative involved private sectors working 
with the government to encourage herd immunity 
through vaccination. Through this initiative, AMAG part-
nered with a private hospital in Jakarta to carry out inde-
pendent vaccinations. Other initiatives involved partici-
pating in the financial services industry vaccination pro-
gram held by Indonesian General Insurance Association in 
collaboration with the Financial Services Authority. AMAG 
also actively promoted COVID -19 vaccination to their em-
ployees.  
In Colombia, SBS, a Fairfax LATAM company, has been a 
pioneer in helping people get vaccinated with employees, 
their families, and contractors able to receive the vaccine through their support much earlier than by the govern-
ment. The service was made possible through a govern-
ment program that allowed private companies to offer the 
vaccine through an alliance with the National Business 
Association of Colombia.  
Cleveland Clinic Programs Through COVID -19 
From daily COVID -19 Pulse updates, to joining our leader-
ship calls and hosting information webinars to our compa-
nies, the Cleveland Clinic  has been providing timely and 
sharp insights to the Fairfax family throughout the pan-
demic. Always understanding where our organizations are, 
and the types of challenges being faced, these updates 
and resources have been incredibly valuable for our em-
ployees . Some examples of the resources include coping 
with teenagers while working from home, re -opening 
guidelines for employers and steps on how to do chair 
yoga for better posture.  
Additionally, in recognition of the significant impact COVID
-19 can have on emotional and physical health,  Cleveland 
Clinic hosted an informative four -part wellness series for 
not only the Fairfax team in Toronto but our employees 
around the globe. Over the course of four weeks, a team 
of subject matter experts led a virtual one -hour session to 
enable employees to navigate their new normal in a 
healthy manner. By the end of the program, employees 
had a solid understanding of the impact COVID -19 was 
having on their health and wellbeing, the interconnected-
ness between nutrition, mental health, and physical well-
being, together with clear and practical support strategies.  
As the vaccines were approved, the Cleveland Clinic re-
leased five webinars with doctors answering questions 
from Fairfax employees about the vaccines. These webi-
nars, along with additional informational handouts, were 
distributed to all our employees through the Fairfax Blog.  OUR EMPLOYEES  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 31   Diversity & Inclusion  
We highly value our employees ’ diversity of opinion, invalu-
able insight, and dynamic skills within our organization. With 
over 54% of our global workforce being female, we under-
stand the importance of the multifaceted insight, talent, and 
diversity of opinion each of our employees bring to Fairfax.  
Black North Initiative  
Fairfax has worked hard to 
drive the Black North  Initiative 
forward in a meaningful way.  
Established in June 2020 by 
Wes Hall, the Black North Initi-
ative seeks to drive social 
change starting in Canadian 
boardrooms. To ensure maxi-
mum accountability, the 
pledge was signed not only by 
each participating company, but by the President as well. 
Companies and Presidents all over the world have opted to 
take local responsibility to use this platform to make a 
difference and Fairfax is proud to be a part of the conversa-
tion and to help drive change.  
Fairfax Black Initiatives Action Committee  
After speaking with Black employees throughout the Fairfax 
family, Fairfax launched the Fairfax Black Initiatives Action 
Committee (BIAC). Based on conversations with employees 
and Fairfax ’s commitment to Black North, Craig Pinnock, 
Chief Financial Officer of Northbridge, was tasked to chair 
the committee and develop recommendations on what Fair-
fax could do to address anti -Black systemic racism.  
After some tremendous conversations among committee 
members where personal stories were shared, and deep 
thinking required, the BIAC came up with the following are-
as to focus their efforts on, along with specific deliverables.  
1. Expanding the talent pool  
2. Mentoring/coaching  
3. Community alliances and partnerships  
4. Education  
5. Promotion and enrichment  
Each President was presented with the areas of focus and 
associated recommendations and have undertaken the task 
to incorporate these items into their local diversity and in-
clusion initiatives.  
 Other Diversity & Inclusion Initiatives  
Allied World ’s commitment to a diverse and inclusive work-
place is exemplified by its sponsorship of a table at Illinois 
State University ’s inaugural diversity and inclusion event 
titled ‘The Power of an Inclusive Workforce ’. In 2020, 200 
students were in attendance, representing eight diverse 
student organizations. Allied World ’s sponsorship also in-
cluded an informational table to educate and connect with 
students. Furthermore, they have put in place policies and 
procedures to ensure their progress made within diversity 
and inclusion in the workplace continues. The executive 
team has selected nine employees from different regions 
and departments to lead a Diversity and Inclusion Taskforce. 
The taskforce ’s goal is to develop and execute diversity and 
inclusion initiatives, supporting responsible growth to 
strengthen the Allied World organization. The team has out-
lined a strategic roadmap with four distinct pillars: Recruit-
ment and Retention, Best Practices and Guidelines, Training 
and Tools, and Awareness.  
Brit has created a six -person taskforce, similar to that of 
Allied World, with the aim of promoting and supporting 
Mental Health, LGBTQ+, minority groups and employees 
with disabilities. Brit identified one of the leading issues 
within diversity and inclusion to be unconscious bias. To 
combat this, a half -day workshop was created titled 
‘Managing Unconscious Bias ’, which over 80% of employees 
attended. In addition, Brit created a new annual leave policy 
to allow flexibility for taking days off, recognizing and re-
flecting employees ’ different cultures, as not everyone cele-
brates the same national holidays.  
Northbridge continues to demonstrate its pledge to diversi-
ty and inclusion through its involvement with the Canadian 
Centre for Diversity & Inclusion (CCDI), a trusted advisor for 
workplace diversity and inclusion. The experts at CCDI have 
been instrumental to date in optimizing and improving the 
Northbridge policies in place. In addition, Northbridge car-
ries out annual Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging surveys 
with all employees. They are also a generous supporter of 
The Black Youth Helpline.  
Crum & Forster has established seven Employee Resources 
Groups focused on Women, LGBTQ+, Asian American and 
Pacific Islanders, Parents and Caregivers, Black and African 
Americans, LatinX, and Differing Abilities. In addition, it has 
set up an Inclusivity Council consisting of 12 senior leaders 
tasked with setting out the diversity and inclusion agenda. 
Moreover, Crum & Forster are heavily involved in sup-
porting transgender individuals and through its Aetna medi-
cal plan provides coverage for confirmation surgery and 
other medical and mental health services for transgender 
individuals. Like Brit, Crum & Forster also recognizes the 
importance of unconscious bias training, which 100% of 
managers completed in 2020.  OUR EMPLOYEES  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 32   Diversity & Inclusion Initiatives (Cont ’d) 
In 2020, Zenith displayed their continued support for the 
Black community by officially recognizing Juneteenth as an 
official company holiday. This was carried out in conjunction 
with distributing information on its historical significance, 
local events to engage in and experience Black culture, and a 
listing of local Black -owned businesses to support while off 
work for the day.  
The entity -based initiatives outlined above represent Fairfax ’s 
commitment to diversity and inclusion with over 89% of our 
employees being exposed to at least one diversity and inclu-
sion initiative annually. Notably, our North American compa-
nies have led the way with 100% of employees having access 
to diversity and inclusion programs.  
Gender Equality  
We are committed to ensuring that gender pay equality exists 
within our head office as well as in all our operating compa-
nies. Throughout 2020 we have worked to address the gen-
der pay gap at all levels of our institutions and there are many 
examples of how gender pay equality is achieved in our com-
panies.  
RiverStone, a manager of global run -off business in the U.S., 
is committed to ensuring equity within gender pay and pro-
vides training and guidance to all employees to achieve this 
goal. To monitor their progress and stay accountable River-
Stone performs an annual gender pay gap audit and compen-
sation review. To inform this process, RiverStone subscribes  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to an annual international benchmarking survey which pro-
vides market specific data not only within the U.S. but also 
internationally. In addition, RiverStone considers other fac-
tors such as market data surveys provided by other sources 
and considers economic factors such as skills shortages and 
labour demand. RiverStone uses this data as a guide when 
reviewing compensation within their organization to ensure 
that they remain market competitive and fair.  
Fairfax LATAM has successfully eliminated the gender pay gap 
within their organization. To achieve this, they have imple-
mented a specific Diversity, Equality & Inclusion policy, and a 
yearly payroll review to validate that all employees are re-
numerated in an egalitarian manner. Notably, Fairfax LATAM 
is close to achieving a 50/50 split in all key management posi-
tions.  
89% of our employees have access to at least one or more of the following    
diversity initiatives:  
• Managerial or board level responsibility for diversity initiatives   
• Targeted recruitment   
• Training and guidance regarding diversity  
• Employee affinity groups, diversity councils, or                                                             
networking groups   
• Mentorship programs   
• Initiatives supporting a diverse workforce  
• Diversity monitoring or audits  
OUR EMPLOYEES  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 33   Fairfax continues to deliver a customer -centric experience by 
placing the customer ’s needs at the heart of our service 
offerings. We achieve this by maintaining an open and inter-
active relationship with all our customers and brokers by con-
ducting surveys and engaging in two -way feedback initiatives 
enabling a greater understanding of their evolving require-
ments. Of our companies that deal directly with customers, 
78% sought direct feedback from customers, sending out 
annual customer satisfaction surveys or post -claim surveys. 
Below we outline a few examples of how our companies con-
tinually are engaging with their customers.  
Odyssey Group frequently engages with its customers by 
providing educational material. In addition, a variety of pro-
grams are delivered by live webinars on timely subjects, such 
as COVID -19 specific risk programs and an emergency prepar-
edness program. They also have a risk management portal for 
their clients where clinical, legal, and regulatory updates and 
information is constantly added or updated. Additionally, 
Odyssey Group provides a substantial amount of online and 
in-person training to U.S. crop insurance agents.  
RiverStone seeks frequent informal feedback in place of the 
typical formal annual feedback. They solicit customer input 
on the services they provide through a combination of daily 
communication with claim stakeholders, informal check -ins 
with client team leaders, scheduled calls with claim leader-
ship wherein progress, trends and goals are set, measured, 
and discussed. In conjunction with this, roundtables with 
stakeholders and post -mortem claim discussions are held 
with internal and external claims teams. Overall results re-
main positive, and areas of continuous improvement typically 
flow from these meetings.  
Universalna, a P&C insurer based in Ukraine, has utilized Net 
Promoter Score measuring using an interactive voice robot . 
This technology helps Universalna ask clients for continual 
feedback about the quality of the services automatically with-
out the interaction of their employees.  Sustainable Insurance Initiatives  
At Fairfax, we pursue various types of sustainable insurance 
initiatives including affordable insurance schemes that serve 
low-income social groups in developed and/or developing 
countries as well as others that support the environment. 
Many of our companies have these types of initiatives in 
place. Below we provide details on a few examples of what 
our companies have implemented.  
Fairfax Brazil provides coverage for small farmers who partici-
pate in the National Program for Strengthening Family Agri-
culture, who receive special support from the public and pri-
vate sectors to keep small production regions sustainable. 
Fairfax Brazil also provides better rates for farmers that pro-
tect the forest areas of rivers. Working in tandem with anoth-
er Fairfax company, Farmers Edge, they utilize satellite tech-
nology to monitor farmland and ensure the proper usage of 
water. The other strategic ESG advantage they offer is aimed 
at helping jaguars – who hold a significant role at the top of 
the food chain. For farmers in Brazil, jaguars are a threat to 
their livestock. Usually, insurers will start to pay after 50 loss-
es, so farmers often kill jaguars to protect their livestock. To 
protect the endangered animal, Fairfax Brazil offers coverage 
starting with the first loss.  
Northbridge offers a Business Choice Environmental Upgrade, 
a program they developed to cover the additional costs of 
upgrading a building using Green Certified products after a 
property loss.  They also offer an environmental upgrade ex-
tension under their core property wording that allows a cus-
tomer to rebuild using ‘green certified ’ products (products, 
materials or modes of construction that are Energy Star or 
Canada Green Building Council/LEED Canada rated or accred-
ited).  These costs would normally be outside the definition of 
replacement cost and not covered.  
 Our Customers  
Percentage of operating companies engaged in the customer initiatives listed above.  
Customer Satisfaction
Surveys or Post Claim
SurveysOffer Loss Control or Risk
Services to InsuredsPerform Risk Surveys for
InsuredsProvide Educational
Materials to InsuredsOffer Insured Training
CoursesSupport to Customers
during COVID-19
78% 100% 80% 85% 60% 90%

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 34   Sustainable Insurance Initiatives 
(Cont ’d) 
Colonnade, which writes general insurance through its 
branches in the Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovakia, Bulgaria, 
Poland, and Romania and through its Ukrainian insurance 
company, is offering in Ukraine an affordable auto insurance 
scheme granting a 50% premium discount to pensioners, 
disabled people, persons affected by the Chernobyl disaster 
and war combatants.  
Bryte has launched a product that provides insurance specifi-
cally for renewable energy producers' construction and oper-
ational exposures. Risk Engineers look at the fire risk, risk 
security and advise the clients on the appropriate risk man-
agement aspects that need to be implemented and other 
suggestions to assist the business in risk management. This 
will differ from one risk to another. These risk management 
techniques assist the business in reducing exposure to vari-
ous business risks related to insurance cover and business 
continuity. There is a part that Bryte requires and then there 
is also a value -added offering whereby they offer further Risk 
Management advice on specific large risks.  
 Improving Customer Experiences with 
the Use of Technology  
In addition to the innovations mentioned below, 2020 saw 
many of our companies improve their customer experiences 
and enhance their operations using technology, introducing 
cutting -edge machine learning tools to optimize and tailor 
each individual customer's experience. Below we discuss 
some of the unique programs and technological advance-
ments our organizations have put in place with a clear focus 
on our customers.  
Brit utilizes Geospatial -Intelligence Centre technology to ad-
vance our property claims adjusting capabilities by capturing 
high -resolution images of properties affected by events rang-
ing from tornadoes in Nashville to Hurricanes Laura, Sally and 
Zeta. By using this technology, losses are immediately re-
ferred to Brit's Direct Compensation Agreements for pay-
ment, where covered damage(s) can be determined, even 
when local field adjusters have not yet accessed affected are-
as. Therefore, this technology speeds up the claims process, 
ultimately reducing the time taken to pay valid claims to cus-
tomers. Brit has also created ‘Brit Direct Pay ’ that provides 
customers with the option of self -directing their payment 
through a custom app directly to their Visa bank card so that 
the amount of their claim can be transferred within hours or 
sooner. This is the first of its kind in the London market.  OUR CUSTOMERS  
Fairfax Innovation Award  
Innovating with Customers in Mind  
The Fairfax Innovation Award was created in 2017 to recognize teams at Fairfax operating 
companies whose innovations have had a transformative and positive impact on their or-
ganizations. In 2020, an impressive 27 initiatives from 13 Fairfax companies around the 
world were submitted. A diverse range of innovative projects were received, and it was evident that technology is being used to 
improve the customer experience by several of our companies. At the Annual General Meeting, Prem announced Brit as the 
2020 Fairfax Innovation award winner. Below are more details on the finalists and how they support our customers.  
Brit - Ki | Our 2020 Fairfax Innovation Award Winner  
Ki is the first fully digital and algorithmically driven Lloyd ’s of London syndicate. A follow -only syndicate, Ki offers an instant ca-
pacity that can be accessed through an easy -to-use online platform, providing unparalleled service to brokers and clients any-
where, anytime.  
Colonnade - YourPass  
Colonnade partnered with YourPass, a technology start -up that provides a complex digital wallet solution - from card creation 
through integration and consultancy. YourPass is focused on insurance, financial services, retail, and government sectors and  
operates globally.  
Northbridge - Water IoT Project  
The Water IoT Pilot was a pilot project designed to validate whether Internet -of-Thing's solutions would be effective in helping  
reduce Northbridge customers ’ risk and build their brand reputation as an innovative risk management leader in the construc-
tion sector. The pilot objectives included testing IoT solutions ’ effectiveness in monitoring, detecting, and mitigating water leaks 
in high -rise condominium buildings during construction, as well as evaluating the experience of these IoT systems for their cus-
tomers and broker partners.  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 35   Improving Customer Experiences 
with the Use of Technology 
(Cont ’d) 
Fairfax LATAM has introduced robotic process auto-
mation for its quoting and reinsurance application. The 
automated issuing process eliminates the need for 
manual work and accelerates the delivery of policies 
to the end customer.  
RiverStone employs an enterprise content manage-
ment system (OpenText) and robotic process automa-
tion to automatically route claim materials to claim 
files and adjusters. This shortens initial claim response 
times to customers. Further, RiverStone utilizes an e -
discovery platform, which provides pattern identifica-
tion, advanced analytics, and machine learning, fur-
ther improving the customer experience.  
Universalna has built a modern telematics system that 
users can download onto their smartphone for meas-
uring driving behaviour. This innovation means there is 
no requirement for an additional installation of a de-
vice in the vehicle and the client can receive auto in-
surance discounts for driving style and frequency of 
vehicle use.  
Crum & Forster ’s Accident & Health Division offers 
travel and pet insurance directly to consumers. Travel 
products are sold and managed through mobile apps and online portals, where functionality includes policy 
issuance and claim reporting. The pet team ’s consum-
er-facing member portal provides customers with self -
service options that include changing coverage at re-
newal and uploading documents (such as medical rec-
ords, supporting information, and missing invoices) for 
prompt claim handling.  
Zenith has recently developed a new customer -
friendly quoting platform for small businesses called 
‘Zenia ’ that uses neural networks to assist customers 
in choosing the best options to engage with Zenith 
while also affording access to licensed agents. Zenith is 
currently increasing the use of machine learning tech-
nologies such as neural networks to optimize the ser-
vice given to each client. This newer technology is en-
visioned as an ultimate replacement to Zenith ’s cur-
rent rate and quote system over time.  OUR CUSTOMERS  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 36   We believe that, as a company, being successful also means 
supporting our people, our customers, and our communi-
ties. As family values lay at the centre of Fairfax, giving back 
to those in need is part of Fairfax and all our subsidiaries ’ 
DNA. Below are some of the programs our companies have 
created to give back to their communities.  
Brit’s Outreach Program is run in partnership with GT Schol-
ars, working with young people in schools (aged 11 -16), 
giving them exposure to insurance as a future career choice 
through gamification. This program gives back to our com-
munities by targeting children from Black, Asian and minori-
ty ethnic backgrounds, mostly in lower socio -economic ge-
ographies. Brit also provided employment to over 200 peo-
ple in East Africa, over half of whom were women, by 
providing and sponsoring the provision of environmentally 
friendly burn efficient cookstoves . 
AMAG participated in a project to ensure constant, effi-
cient, and sustainable access to clean water in the south-
ernmost province of Indonesia by funding the construction 
of facilities for access to clean water, sanitation, and hy-
giene.  
Falcon, based in Hong Kong and is a part of Fairfax Asia, has 
created many initiatives to give back to the community, 
such as ‘Skip Lunch Day ’, where employees give their lunch 
away to the homeless in the community.  
Northbridge supports and encourages its employees to give 
back to the community through its Volunteer Grant pro-
gram. The program rewards any employee who commits 40 
hours of their spare time to a charitable initiative by do-
nating $500 to that organization.  
Volunteerism   
Our organizations and employees take an active role in vol-
unteerism by joining various community initiatives and or-
ganizing events to raise donations. We empower and en-
courage our employees to engage in our communities by 
volunteering actively. Our North American companies have 
led the way within Fairfax as 100% of our employees in the 
region are offered volunteer days to give back to their local 
communities or charitable organizations, they feel passion-
ate about. Globally over 72% of our employees are also 
offered the same benefit.  In February 2019, 14 Brit employees travelled to Africa to 
volunteer in Kibera - the largest slum in Kenya. Since 2017 
Brit has assisted in designing and building a brand -new liv-
ing space for the girls of the Soweto Academy. This space is 
a purpose -built environment where high school girls can be 
educated, feel safe and feel empowered to drive future 
change and better their community. Due to COVID -19, Brit 
has been unable to continue this annual trip but looks for-
ward to restarting the initiative once safe to do so.  
Additionally, since 2017 Brit has partnered with Team BRIT, 
a competitive motor racing team consisting of drivers who 
have disabilities or long -term conditions. Many are ex or 
serving military troops who have sustained serious physical 
and mental injuries and are disabled. Team BRIT is an off-
shoot of KartForce, an organization set up to inspire people 
with disabilities, post -traumatic stress disorder, and mental 
health issues, by demonstrating what can be achieved 
through motorsport. It aims to show injured military per-
sonnel that they can achieve what they never thought pos-
sible, that they can compete again at the highest level, and 
to equip them with a wide range of personal and profes-
sional skills through understanding the business of motor-
sport.  
Since 2015, Odyssey Group employees have joined the Cov-
enant House Annual (Re)Insurance Sleep Out in New York 
City. The Sleep Out Movement is designed to show home-
less children that they are neither alone nor forgotten in 
their struggle. To demonstrate support, individuals and or-
ganizations abandon all luxuries and spend a night on the 
street to raise money for those in need. To date, 28 em-
ployees have taken part in the annual event. Since the 2020 
event was virtual, Odyssey made a $25,000 donation and 
encouraged employees and their families to participate 
remotely.  
For the last ten years, Zenith has been a committed partner 
to Thrive, which provides high -achieving students of visible 
minorities from low -income communities ’ opportunities 
and support to thrive at top colleges and in meaningful ca-
reers. Zenith has sponsored, mentored, and provided in-
ternships for dozens of Thrive Scholars, several of whom 
are now part of the Zenith family as full -time employees. 
The opportunity for Zenith employees to volunteer their 
time mentoring Thrive scholars is closely aligned with their 
community initiatives while also providing the employees 
with a rewarding experience.  Our Community  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 37    Philanthropy  
With a target of 1 -2% of our pre -tax earnings going to charitable 
causes, our donations program continues to thrive across the 
communities worldwide where we do business. This year, in ad-
dition to our regular giving, we also donated $4 million to help 
with pandemic efforts in the areas most vulnerable within the 
countries where we do business. In 2020, we donated $23 mil-
lion, and a total of $239 million since we began our donations 
program in 1991. This excludes the personal donations and time 
given by our leaders and employees. Over the 30 years since we 
started our donations program, our annual donations have gone 
up approximately 130 times at a compound rate of 18% per year. 
Our history of donations is consistent and entrenched in our 
culture, further evidenced by strong employee engagement in 
our charitable initiatives and donations.  
A core principle of our philanthropy effort is not just supporting 
causes but supporting our employees to support their causes. A 
mechanism we use to do this is through offering a donation 
matching program. In 2020, all of our top seven companies 
offered donation matching programs.  
Each organization has autonomy to decide on which charity they 
would like to donate to with the result that our employees have 
become engaged and passionate about raising funds for causes 
they feel strongly towards, often local causes. Consequently, in 
2020, we have donated to over 800 distinct and exceptional 
causes across the world. These charities and organizations in-
clude but are not limited to: The Ocean Clean Up, Stroke Associa-
tion, Kibera Girls Education Fund, Canadian National Wildlife 
Federation, Ukrainian Ambulance Fund, Tulip Foundation 
(Bulgaria), Californian Agriculture Leadership foundation and the 
Bayt Abdullah Hospice for Children. In addition, there are numer-
ous philanthropic efforts our organizations are proud of, several 
of which are detailed below.  
Brit is very involved in supporting the Kibera Girls education fund 
based in Kenya. The fund works to rescue girls from the perils of 
sexual assault and early pregnancy by offering a safe space, ac-commodation, and a nourishing environment within which the 
girls can flourish. In 2020, Brit donated $200,000 to support the 
building of a dormitory at the school, which will be of vital help 
in their work to shelter these girls from some of the problems 
they face at home.  
Colonnade works closely with a range of organizations from Bul-
garia, Poland, Ukraine, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia, and the 
Czech Republic. One example of the charities that Colonnade 
provides strong support to is the Tulip Foundation. The Tulip 
Foundation ’s mission is to encourage social responsibility in the 
Bulgarian society by enhancing cooperation among civil society, 
the corporate sector, national and local authorities. The organi-
zation ’s primary goal is to improve the quality of life and devel-
opmental opportunities for the people of Bulgaria.  
Fairfax Brazil has committed to donating a portion of its profits to 
support its agribusinesses in its local communities with existing 
crop -related clients. The goal is to invest in basic education and 
vocational -technical education in these communities.  
The Odyssey Group ’s most significant philanthropic donation in 
2020 was a $1,000,000 donation to Stamford Hospital. This is a 
part of a long -term commitment of a $10,000,000 grant payable 
over ten years that funded the construction of a new state -of-
the-art emergency room and trauma center.  
In 2021, Crum & Forster completed a five -year, $250,000 pledge 
to the Atlantic Health System ’s Morristown Medical Center, one 
that has played a vital role in supporting the hospital ’s initiative 
to add two floors to the Gagnon Cardiovascular Institute, as well 
as offer peace -of-mind to dozens of heart patients. As a result of 
the ongoing philanthropic support from the community, Morris-
town Medical Center, the number one hospital in New Jersey, 
according to U.S. News & World Report, has been able to add 
more than 55,000 square feet of clinical space, expand cardiac 
MRI capacity with a new scanner and establish 72 new private 
patient rooms. The donations also proved critical during the peak 
of the COVID -19 pandemic, as many of the new rooms were 
temporarily converted to handle the overflow of patients.  OUR COMMUNITY  
Annual Donations - Over $239 Million Donated Since Inception  
$23
 $- $5 $10 $15 $20 $25
1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020
(in US$ millions)  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 38   COVID -19 Donations &          
Community Support  
As mentioned above, this year, in addition to our normal 
giving, we also donated $4 million to help with pandemic 
efforts in the areas most vulnerable within the countries 
where we do business. Below we have outlined a number 
of such donations.  
Brit, through a charitable gift from Fairfax, donated 
£100,000 to become the founder donor to the Captain 
Tom Foundation, supporting health service across the UK. 
At the height of the pandemic, Brit also donated £10,000 
to each of Childline, Compudopt, Refuge and The Silver-
line, directly supporting the most vulnerable in society, 
protecting against child abuse and domestic abuse, as-
sisting the elderly in isolation, and assisting children living 
in poverty. In addition, Brit continues to support its flag-
ship initiative, the Soweto Academy, a school situated in 
Kibera, the largest slum in Africa. In 2020, it donated 
$74,000 to provide additional services, equipment, and 
PPE, so the Academy could continue its vital work, provid-
ing a haven from abuse and an education to help this 
generation escape the cycle of poverty.  
The Northbridge Cares program focuses on empowering, 
educating and supporting Canadian youth at risk to reach 
their potential by partnering with six national organiza-
tions. In 2020, additional corporate donations were made 
to support youth impacted by the pandemic and by racial 
injustice. In addition, $3 million has been 
pledged to support Canadian small businesses 
to help ease the financial challenges faced 
because of the pandemic.  
As a part of its philanthropy efforts, Zenith 
supports two organizations that tirelessly help 
young people from challenging or at -risk back-
grounds. Thrive Scholars is a national organi-
zation that provides scholarships and mentor-
ing programs designed for high -achieving low -
income students of colour before and 
throughout college. Visible Men Academy in 
Florida delivers high -quality academic, charac-
ter and social education to meet the specific 
needs of at -risk elementary school boys. With 
support from Fairfax, Zenith also made dona-
tions specifically for COVID -19 relief efforts to 
Thrive Scholars to assist students displaced 
because of the closing of their colleges, and to 
two food banks in communities where it does 
business: Central California Food Bank in Fres-
no, California and All Faiths Food Bank in Sara-
sota, Florida.   
 
 
Crum & Forster supports a diverse group of charitable 
organizations through financial support and community 
service and engagement. In 2020, through corporate do-
nations, matching gift programs and the employee -led 
Charitable Impact Committee, Crum & Forster donated 
$1.5 million, primarily to communities affected by COVID -
19 where the economic impact of the pandemic hit the 
hardest. With the support of a charitable gift from Fairfax, 
Crum & Forster gave $200,000 to 13 food banks across 
the U.S., in the communities where its employees live and 
work. Additionally, donations were made to educational 
programs, organizations serving youth and many other 
programs affected by the disruption and financial uncer-
tainty created by the pandemic.  
The Odyssey Group Foundation supported numerous 
charitable organizations focused on worldwide disaster 
relief, cancer research, education and health and human 
services. In 2020, the Odyssey Group Foundation and 
affiliated companies also donated over $1 million to sup-
port 70 global charities that were deeply impacted by 
COVID -19. In addition, with funds provided by Fairfax, 
Odyssey directed $200,000 to Dr. Florian Krammer ’s 
COVID -19 antibody research at Mount Sinai Health Sys-
tem in New York City.  
 OUR COMMUNITY  
Charitable Donations  
COVID-19 Donations Other Charitable Donations$4M
$19M
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 39   COVID -19 Donations &             
Community Support (Cont ’d) 
In 2020, Allied World supported several charities and com-
munity service projects with a primary focus on education, 
healthcare, and the arts, including continued support to the 
N.Y. Police and Fire Widows ’ & Children ’s Benefit Fund, the 
St. Baldrick ’s Foundation, Lincoln Center for the Performing 
Arts, and the Spencer Educational Foundation. During this 
unusual year, it also supported Johns Hopkins Center for 
Health Security and Invisible Hands Deliver to aid in their 
COVID -19 related work.  
RiverStone quickly responded to COVID -19 pandemic -related 
community needs, collectively providing more than 5,400 
meals to local hospitals and making monetary donations to 
numerous COVID -19 relief efforts. They contributed to organ-
izations on the front lines of COVID-19 response, including 
local food banks and first responders. Additionally, River-
Stone supported multiple community organizations and out-
reach efforts providing education, supporting veterans, and 
helping with hunger abatement programs. RiverStone also 
continued their 3:1 charitable contribution plan, triple match-
ing employee donations to the charities that matter most to 
them.  
Through its subsidiaries, Fairfax LATAM was involved in a 
multitude of charitable initiatives aiming to assist communi-
ties impacted by the pandemic. Some of the benefited insti-
tutions were the Red Cross in Argentina; Fundación Las Rosas 
in Chile, which provides care of the most vulnerable and help-
less elderly; Fundación Corazón Verde in Colombia, which 
aims to improve the quality of life of widows and orphans of 
the National Police; and Providencia in Uruguay, which pro-
vides education for low -income children. Fairfax LATAM ’s 
employees participated in selecting institutions and contrib-
uting along with their companies.  Our operating companies in central and eastern Europe, 
(Colonnade, ARX and Universalna) continue to support their 
local communities, assisting, through voluntary activities and 
financial donations, various foundations focusing on children 
and parents without shelter, food banks, kindergartens, and 
school renovations. In 2020, those companies increased their 
support and assisted hospitals and medical facilities involved 
in handling the pandemic with personal protection equip-
ment.  
Bryte Cares, which raised money through voluntary employee 
salary sacrifices and one -off donations which were matched 
by Bryte, as well as a generous donation by Fairfax, support-
ed seven small tourist towns across South Africa with dona-
tions of food parcels to hundreds of families whose liveli-
hoods were affected by the lockdown restrictions. Several 
schools in these communities were also provided with per-
sonal protective equipment. Bryte Cares also assisted 70 of 
its own employees whose families were affected by the pan-
demic by partnering with the Maharishi Institute to provide 
grocery store vouchers and support for other financial needs.  
Fairfax Asia, through its operating companies and its employ-
ees, supported the fight against COVID -19 by funding the air 
ventilation system at the Infectious Disease Hospital in Sri 
Lanka, collaborating with a philanthropic institution in Indo-
nesia to install antiseptic body chambers and hand wash sta-
tions in high COVID -19 prone zones and transporting and 
distributing food packs to self -isolated patients in suburban 
areas that account for the highest number of COVID -19 cases 
as well as distributing personal protective equipment to its 
employees. Falcon also donated food packs during the pan-
demic and volunteered with the Caritas Hong Kong organiza-
tion to distribute to those in need.  OUR COMMUNITY  
  
GOVERNANCE  
In This Section  
41 Enterprise Risk Management  
42 Corporate Governance Policies  
43 Our Board Members  
45 Board Composition, Diversity & 
 Independence  
45 Shareholder Rights, Ownership 
 Structure & Director Elections  
46 Executive Compensation  
47 Collaboration Amongst Insurance 
 Companies  
47 Acquisition Philosophy  
48 Cyber Risk Management  
49 Data Protection  
49 Supply Chain  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 41   Our decentralized company is led by a Board -appointed Lead 
Director to ensure the independent functioning of the Board 
and empowered Presidents running each of our 20+ oper-
ating companies independently at the local level. Being close 
to the business allows them to make the right decisions 
quickly versus relying on a disconnected home office. We 
believe there are many benefits to this somewhat unique 
structure. Not only does it reduce bureaucracy and head-
count at the home office, but it also creates a separation of 
powers that enhances our spread of risk, gives each Presi-
dent operating control of that President ’s company, allows 
for internal peer review at each company and creates an 
unmatched breadth of global senior talent.  
On a quarterly basis our Board of Directors (the Board) con-
venes to discuss long term strategic objectives, fulfillment of 
responsibilities to stakeholders and to provide the direction 
and oversight of our business affairs. Other mandates of the 
Board include evaluating performance of our management 
team against the Guiding Principles and corporate objec-
tives, succession planning and ensuring that it understands 
the principal risks of the business and that appropriate sys-
tems to manage these risks are in place and effectively im-
plemented.  
Fairfax has in place corporate governance practices that 
comply with all applicable rules and policies of the Canadian 
Securities Administrators and the practices set out therein.  
To date, our Board has:  
• Adopted a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines.  
• Established an Audit Committee.  
• Established a Governance and Nominating Committee 
and a Compensation Committee.  
• Approved written charters for all its committees.  
• Approved and implemented a Code of Business    
Conduct and Ethics.  
• Approved and implemented an Anti -Corruption     
Policy.  
• Approved and implemented a policy on                    
Discrimination.  
• Approved and implemented a policy on Accessibility.  
• Approved and implemented a Whistleblower Policy.  
All the above are applicable to all directors, officers, and 
employees of the company.  
 
 
 Enterprise Risk Management  
Our primary financial risk management goals are to ensure 
that the outcomes of activities involving elements of risk are 
consistent with our objectives and risk tolerance, while 
maintaining an appropriate balance between risk and reward 
and protecting our consolidated balance sheet from events 
that have the potential to materially impair its financial 
strength. Our potential loss exposure from insurance and 
reinsurance operations and investment activities primarily 
relates to underwriting risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and vari-
ous market risks. Balancing risk and reward are achieved 
through identifying risk appropriately, aligning risk toleranc-
es with business strategy, diversifying risk, pricing appropri-
ately for risk, mitigating risk through preventive controls and 
transferring risk to third parties.  
Financial risk management objectives are achieved through a 
two-tiered system, with detailed risk management processes 
and procedures at our primary operating subsidiaries and 
investment management subsidiary combined with the anal-
ysis of the company-wide aggregation and accumulation of 
risks at the holding company. In addition, although we and 
each of our operating subsidiaries have an officer with desig-
nated responsibility for risk management, we regard each 
President as the chief risk officer of his or her company; each 
President is the individual ultimately responsible for risk 
management for his or her company and its subsidiaries.  
Our Chief Operating Officer, Peter Clarke, reports on risk 
considerations to the Fairfax Executive Committee and pro-
vides a quarterly report on key risk exposures to our Board 
of Directors. The Executive Committee, in consultation with 
Peter Clarke, approves certain policies for overall risk man-
agement, as well as policies addressing specific areas such as 
investments, underwriting, catastrophe risk and reinsurance. 
The Investment Committee approves policies for the man-
agement of market risk (including currency risk, interest rate 
risk and other price risk) and the use of derivative and non -
derivative financial instruments and monitors to ensure 
compliance with relevant regulatory guidelines and require-
ments. A discussion of our risks and the management of 
those risks is an agenda item for every regularly scheduled 
meeting of the Board of Directors.  Governance  
For More Information  
2020 Annual Report   
See “Financial Risk Management ” page 110 & “Risk 
Management ” page 215.  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 42    Our Guiding Principles and Core Values are the Foundation for our   
Corporate Governance Policies    
For more than 35 years, Fairfax ’s Guiding Principles have been the foundation of our business and culture. The Guiding Princi-
ples include our core value that “honesty and integrity are essential in all our relationships and will never be comprised. ”  This 
core value forms the underlying basis for our corporate governance policies.  
• Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  provides a detailed elaboration on this core value, including that competitive 
advantage or profit must not be sought through unlawful, dishonest, or unethical business practices, regardless of any 
impact on the bottom line. The Code requires every director, officer, and employee of Fairfax to report any violation of 
the Code which is known to or reasonably suspected by that individual. Directors, officers, and employees must report 
any other known or reasonably suspected improper conduct or incident in relation to Fairfax, including any questionable 
accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters or potential violations of the law. The Code provides an 
assurance from Fairfax that it will not carry out or, to the fullest extent reasonably within its power, permit any retribu-
tion or retaliation of any kind for reports made in good faith regarding known or reasonably suspected violations of the 
Code. All officers and employees are required to review and attest their understanding of, and compliance with, the 
Code on an annual basis. Fairfax ’s Board is ultimately responsible for monitoring compliance with our Code.  
• Our Anti-Corruption Policy was adopted to provide concrete guidance regarding compliance with relevant anti -bribery 
laws and regulations. While the overarching message of this policy is that we always act with integrity and we never 
bribe, it also provides guidance on dealings with government, as well as political and charitable contributions. The Anti -
Corruption Policy also outlines a reporting mechanism for any suspected violations of the policy and imposes an obliga-
tion to cooperate with related investigations. Finally, our Anti -Corruption Policy contains an assurance that Fairfax does 
not tolerate retaliation against anyone who has refused to violate the policy, reported a concern in good faith, or partici-
pated in an investigation related to potential misconduct.  
• Our Whistleblower Policy imposes an obligation on directors, officers, and employees of Fairfax to report improper ac-
tivities, including violations of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The policy outlines the various reporting proce-
dures available to individuals, as well as the applicable investigation procedures. All whistleblower complaints are thor-
oughly reviewed and investigated, as appropriate, and are ultimately reported to the Board and the Audit Committee on 
a quarterly basis. Our external auditor reviews all whistleblower reports on a quarterly basis. The policy is intended to 
encourage directors, officers, and employees of Fairfax to raise serious good faith concerns without fear of adverse con-
sequences to them by virtue of raising those concerns. Accordingly, our Whistleblower Policy includes a commitment 
that Fairfax will not carry out or, to the fullest extent reasonably within its power, permit any retribution or retaliation of 
any kind against any individual for submitting any report in good faith.  
• Our Anti-Money Laundering, Sanctions & Anti -Terrorist Financing Policy establishes requirements for employees to fol-
low and to comply with applicable anti -money laundering, anti -terrorist financing and sanctions laws, regulations, and 
requirements.  
• Our Policy on Workplace Violence, Harassment, Discrimination, Certain Relationships and Accessibility confirms Fairfax ’s 
commitment to human rights and to ensuring a respectful workplace and to providing work in a dignified, discrimination
-free, respectful, accessible, violence -free, and harassment -free environment.  GOVERNANCE  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 43   Our Board Members  
Anthony F. Griffiths  
Anthony Griffiths is an independent business consultant. Mr. Griffiths served as the Chairman of Novadaq Technologies Inc. 
from 2002 to 2017 and a director of Corporate Catalyst Acquisition Inc. from 2010 to 2018. Mr. Griffiths was the Chairman of 
Mitel Corporation, a telecommunications company from 1987 to 1993, and from 1991 to 1993 assumed the positions of 
President and Chief Executive Officer in addition to that of Chairman.  
Robert J. Gunn  
Robert Gunn is an independent business consultant. Mr. Gunn ’s expertise and knowledge of the global property casualty 
insurance market is evident by his experience with the industry, previously serving as the CEO and COO of Royal & Sun Alli-
ance plc, a diversified insurance company in London, England, from 2002 to 2003 and 2001 to 2002, respectively. He also 
served as Group Director, Americas, of Royal & Sun Alliance from 1998 -2001. From 1990 to 2001, Mr. Gunn held the posi-
tions of President and Chief Executive Officer at Royal & Sun Alliance Canada.  
The Right Honourable David L. Johnston  
The Right Honourable David Johnston has held several distinguished management and leadership positions in academia and 
government, including acting as the 28th Governor General of Canada from 2010 to 2017. Fairfax added Mr. Johnston to the 
Board given his expertise in governmental affairs and ethics. Mr. Johnston has held several academic positions, including as 
principal and vice -chancellor of McGill University for fifteen years and as the President and Vice -Chancellor of the University 
of Waterloo. Mr. Johnston has also served on numerous provincial and federal task forces and committees, acted as Presi-
dent of the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada (now Universities Canada) and of the Conference des recteurs 
et des principaux des universités du Québec. Mr. Johnston is a member of the Order of Canada and was promoted to com-
panion, the Order ’s highest level, in 1997. Mr. Johnston was also the first non -U.S. citizen to be elected chair of Harvard Uni-
versity ’s board of overseers. Mr. Johnston holds degrees from Harvard, Cambridge, and Queen ’s. He is also a director of The 
Black North Initiative.  
Karen L. Jurjevich  
Karen Jurjevich is Principal of Branksome Hall, a leading private International Baccalaureate World School for girls located in 
Toronto and is also the CEO and Principal of Branksome Hall Global. Prior to joining Branksome Hall in 1998, Ms. Jurjevich 
was a Principal in the Toronto District School Board and, from 1988 to 1992, taught at Havergal College in Toronto, Ontario. 
Prior thereto, Ms. Jurjevich held several teaching positions and was previously a member of the Board of the Canadian Ac-
credited Independent Schools, the Board of the Conference of Independent Schools of Ontario, the International Baccalaure-
ate and North American Independent Schools Task Force. She recently graduated from the Stanford Executive Program at 
the Stanford Graduate School of Business.  
William McFarland  
William McFarland is our Lead Director. Mr. McFarland has clear in -depth accounting experience and expertise given his pre-
vious role as CEO of PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Canada from 2011 to 2018. Prior to that, Mr. McFarland was a member 
of the executive team at PwC Canada from 2005 to 2011, having been admitted to the partnership in 1992 and having led 
the Greater Toronto Area audit practice from 2002 to 2005. Mr. McFarland also previously served as Chair of the Board of 
Directors of The Conference Board of Canada. He is a Chartered Professional Accountant and a fellow of the Chartered Pro-
fessional Accountants of Ontario.  
Christine N. McLean  
Christine McLean was the Director of Research at Sprucegrove Investment Management, a private investment advisor that 
provides discretionary investment management services to institutional investors, from 2018 to 2020. Prior to that, Ms. 
McLean was an Investment Analyst at Sprucegrove Investment Management, specializing in global equities. She holds a 
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (Finance) from the University of Richmond, Virginia. Ms. McLean is the daugh-
ter of Prem.  GOVERNANCE  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 44   Our Board Members (Cont ’d) 
Timothy R. Price  
Timothy Price ’s area of expertise is asset management and investing, having served as the Chairman of Brookfield Funds, a 
division of Brookfield Asset Management Inc. since 1997 and was Chairman of Brookfield Financial Corporation until Decem-
ber 2004. Mr. Price serves on the St. Michael's Hospital Foundation Board and the Dean's Advisory Board at the Schulich 
School of Business. He also previously served as a director of Canadian Tire Corporation from 2007 to 2018.  
Brandon W. Sweitzer  
Brandon Sweitzer has extensive knowledge and expertise in the global insurance and reinsurance industry, currently serving as  
the Dean of the School of Risk Management at St. John's University. He was a director of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce from 
2005 to 2011, and an Advisor and Senior Fellow from 2005 to 2011. Mr. Sweitzer became Chief Financial Officer of Marsh Inc. 
in 1981 and was its President from 1999 through 2000. From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Sweitzer served as President and Chief Execu-
tive Officer of Guy Carpenter & Company.  
Lauren C. Templeton  
Lauren Templeton ’s specific expertise is in value investing, as she is the founder and President of Templeton & Phillips Capital 
Management, LLC, a value investing boutique located in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Ms. Templeton received a B.A. in Economics 
from the University of the South. She is the founder and former President of the Southeastern Hedge Fund Association, Inc. 
based in Atlanta, Georgia. Ms. Templeton currently serves on the Board of Trustees at the Baylor School, The Board of Trus-
tees at the Bright School, and the Atlas Economic Research Foundation Board of Overseers.  
Benjamin Watsa  
Benjamin Watsa is the Chief Executive Officer of Marval Capital Ltd. and a sub -advisor to Lissom Investment Management Inc. 
Mr. Watsa has been actively engaged in the investment industry for 17 years. He currently manages global small and mid -cap. 
investments through pooled funds and a separately managed account using a concentrated, conservative, long -term value 
approach. Prior to working in the investment management industry, Mr. Watsa spent five years in New York as an investment 
banker in the Financial Institutions Group at Banc of America Securities and at Cochran Caronia Waller. Mr. Watsa sits on the  
advisory board of Impression Ventures, and serves as a director and Vice Chair of the Investment Committee for the Rideau 
Hall Foundation which supports the Office of the Governor General of Canada. Mr. Watsa holds a BA from Hillsdale College 
and a Chartered Investment Manager designation and is registered with the Ontario Securities Commission as a Portfolio 
Manager. Benjamin Watsa is the son of Prem.  
V. Prem Watsa  
Prem Watsa has been the Chairman of our Board of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer since 1985. Mr. Watsa is the 
Vice Chairman of Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel Ltd. since 2019, after serving as Vice President since 1985. Mr. Watsa is 
also a director of Blackberry Limited and The Black North Initiative. Mr. Watsa formerly served as Vice President of GW Asset  
Management from 1983 to 1984 and in various positions, including as a Vice President with Confederation Life Investment 
Counsel from 1974 to 1983.  
William C. Weldon  
William Weldon is a member of the Board of Directors of ExxonMobil Corporation, CVS Health Corporation and Heart Flow, 
Inc. and serves as the Chairman of Board of Trustees for Quinnipiac University. Mr. Weldon bring tremendous expertise in 
leadership and wellness to our Board having served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & 
Johnson from 2002 to 2012. Mr. Weldon is a former member of the Board of Directors of JP Morgan Chase & Co. and The 
Chubb Corporation.  GOVERNANCE  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 45   Board Composition, Diversity &            
Director Independence  
Our Board of Directors currently consists of twelve (12) mem-
bers. We believe a small board size provides the most effective 
governance mechanism for Fairfax. The Board has determined 
that seven (7) of its twelve (12) Directors are independent in 
that each of them has no material relationship with Fairfax, that 
is, a relationship which could, in the Board ’s view, be reasonably 
expected to interfere with the exercise of the Director ’s inde-
pendent judgment.  
The Board appointed William McFarland as the Lead Director of 
Fairfax. The Lead Director is responsible for ensuring the inde-
pendent functioning of the Board, including establishing, in con-
sultation with our CEO, the agenda for each Board meeting, 
acting as spokesperson for the independent directors collective-
ly in communications with the Chairman and presiding over 
meetings of the independent directors. All committees, including 
the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Govern-
ance and Nominating Committee, are composed solely of inde-
pendent directors. All members of our Audit Committee are fi-
nancially literate.  
Over the past 10 years we have committed to tackling our 
Board ’s gender imbalance. From solely male directors in 2011 to 
19% female directors in 2017, the board currently has three 
(25%) female directors. Additionally, one of our ten executive 
officers is female and there are currently three directors (25%) 
on our Board who are members of visible minorities, and three 
of our ten executive officers (30%) are members of visible minor-
ities.  
Through Prem and his participation in founding and becoming a 
member of the Canadian Council of Business Leaders Against 
Anti-Black Systemic Racism, in 2020 we joined, as founding 
members, The Black North Initiative. Recognizing that diversity is 
essential and beneficial for introducing different perspectives 
into discussions and decision making, we have acknowledged 
the existence of anti -Black systemic racism and the need to cre-
ate opportunities within our company for Black people.  
Shareholder Rights, Ownership       
Structure & Director Elections  
All Directors are elected by our shareholders to serve on the 
Board on an annual basis. Duration of board tenure is one year 
and if re -elected board members are permitted to serve consec-
utive terms. In uncontested elections, the Board has adopted a 
majority voting policy. If any nominee for director is not elected 
by at least a majority (50% + 1 vote) of the votes cast with re-
spect to his or her election, he or she will immediately be, fol-
lowing the meeting, tendering their resignation. The Majority  
Voting Policy outlines the process surrounding such resignations, 
but also requires the Governance and Nominating Committee to 
consider the resignation and recommend to the Board whether there are exceptional circumstances which would warrant re-
jecting such resignation.  
Fairfax has two classes of voting securities: subordinate voting 
shares and multiple voting shares. Each subordinate voting share 
carries one vote per share at all meetings of shareholders except 
for separate meetings of holders of another class of shares. As of 
March 4, 2021, there were 25,247,616 subordinate voting 
shares and 1,548,000 multiple voting shares outstanding. Since 
August 31, 2015, the votes attached to the multiple voting 
shares have been maintained at their then -current level of rep-
resenting 41.8% of the votes attached to all outstanding multiple 
voting shares and subordinate voting shares. The subordinate 
voting shares currently represent 58.2% of the votes attached to 
all outstanding multiple voting shares and subordinate voting 
shares.  
The continuing preservation of the 41.8% voting power of the 
multiple voting shares is subject to a majority of the minority 
shareholder ratification vote (i) at the annual meeting of share-
holders following the period ending December 31, 2020 and any 
one or more consecutive five -year periods thereafter during 
which the number of our outstanding shares (multiple voting 
shares plus subordinate voting shares) has increased by at least 
25%, or following any calendar year more than five years after 
the last ratification vote (or after August 31, 2015) if the number 
of our outstanding shares (multiple voting shares plus subordi-
nate voting shares) has increased by at least 50% since the last 
ratification vote (or after August 31, 2015); (ii) if we intend to 
issue more than 50% of our outstanding shares in a single trans-
action; and (iii) within five years after Prem is, for whatever rea-
son, neither our Chairman nor our CEO. On August 31, 2015, the 
number of our outstanding shares (multiple voting shares plus 
subordinate voting shares) was 23,583,605.  
The Sixty -Two Investment Company Limited owns 50,620 subor-
dinate voting shares and 1,548,000 multiple voting shares, rep-
resenting 41.9% of the total votes attached to all classes of our 
shares (100% of the total votes attached to the multiple voting 
shares and 0.2% of the total votes attached to the subordinate 
voting shares). Prem, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
controls Sixty -Two and himself beneficially owns an additional 
741,625 subordinate voting shares and exercises control or di-
rection over an additional 2,100 subordinate voting shares. 
These shares, together with the shares owned directly by Sixty -
Two, represent 43.6% of the total votes attached to all classes of 
our shares (100% of the total votes attached to the multiple 
voting shares and 3.1% of the total votes attached to the subor-
dinate voting shares). To the knowledge of our directors and 
officers, there are no other persons who (directly or indirectly) 
beneficially own, or control or direct, shares carrying 10% or 
more of the votes attached to any class of our voting shares.  
The multiple voting shares allow us to better control our future 
and focus on long -term growth. They limit the ability of activists 
and large external shareholders to pressure our senior leaders 
into short -sighted activity at the cost of long -term sustainability 
and growth.  GOVERNANCE  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 46   Executive Compensation  
Our executive compensation program is designed to align the 
interests of its executives and shareholders by linking com-
pensation with Fairfax ’s performance and to be competitive 
on a total compensation basis to attract and retain execu-
tives. We evaluate the performance and compensation of 
executives and senior management by examining their ac-
complishments in conjunction with the Guiding Principles for 
Fairfax. The non -salary components of executive compensa-
tion are based on Fairfax ’s overall performance to align indi-
vidual interests with the company ’s long -term interests and 
our overall business objectives. The Compensation Com-
mittee of the Board of Directors annually reviews the com-
pensation of the CEO and senior executives. Key elements of 
our compensation program are outlined in more detail be-
low:  
• Compensation is principally linked to Fairfax ’s goals of 
underwriting profitability and long -term growth in 
book value of 15%. There are no incentives tied to 
premium volume or other top line incentives.  
• Officer -level compensation is comprised of three com-
ponents: (1) annual base salary; (2)  annual cash bonus; 
and (3) long -term participation in our fortunes by 
ownership of shares through the equity compensation 
plan.  
• The base salaries of Fairfax ’s executive officers are 
intended to be competitive but  to remain relatively 
constant, generally increasing only when the executive 
assumes greater responsibilities. Prem ’s compensation 
varies from the other executive officers and is dis-
cussed below.  
• Since 2000, Prem has agreed that his aggregate com-
pensation from Fairfax will consist solely of an annual 
salary of Cdn$600,000 (and standard benefits provid-
ed to our executives generally), with no bonus or oth-
er profit participation, no participation in any equity 
plans (other than the employee payroll share purchase 
plan). This arrangement will remain in effect until the 
end of 2025.  • A discretionary bonus as a percentage of base salary, if 
and to the extent appropriate, is awarded annually. 
Commencing with the bonuses for 2013, the annual 
bonus is generally paid partly in cash and partly in op-
tions on our previously issued subordinate voting 
shares. In awarding bonuses, the Compensation Com-
mittee considers the performance of Fairfax ’s execu-
tive team during the year considering its accomplish-
ments and relative to Fairfax ’s Guiding Principles. The 
annual bonus is a percentage of the annual base sala-
ry, which percentage in any year is identical (except 
rarely in special individual circumstances) for all exec-
utive officers: there are no corporate (beyond the 
company ’s Guiding Principles) or individual perfor-
mance goals or objectives set or evaluated.  
• Bonus amounts are determined based on overall com-
pany performance, which mitigates the risk of an indi-
vidual taking excessive risks to increase his or her bo-
nus award. There is no formula to qualify for a bonus. 
The focus on long -term objectives is supported by 
executives who consider themselves long -term em-
ployees.  
• With respect to equity awards, an award made to any 
individual (other than as part of an annual bonus) is on 
a one time or infrequent basis, with any additional 
award regularly reflecting an increase in responsibili-
ties. Awards are not made upon accomplishment of a 
task while the risk to Fairfax from that task extends 
over a significantly longer period. Awards typically do 
not vest until at least five years have passed. Fairfax ’s 
directors and officers, as well as all other employees, 
are not permitted to purchase financial instruments 
that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in 
market value of Fairfax ’s equity securities granted as 
compensation or otherwise held by the individual. The 
benefit of these awards over time will derive from 
long -term value creation rather than from short -term 
gains.  
The combination of the above strategies is self -selecting to 
ensure key executives have significant personal wealth tied to 
the success of Fairfax.  GOVERNANCE  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 47   Collaboration Amongst Insurance        
Operating Companies  
Fairfax Working Groups  
In 2011, Andy Barnard, President of the Fairfax Insurance 
Group along with members of the Executive Council, recog-
nized the opportunity for Fairfax companies to collaborate 
and formed the Fairfax Working Groups. The Working Groups 
create an opportunity for key individuals to meet, share ideas 
and to pool talent and experience across the Fairfax compa-
nies.  
There is such a unique environment at Fairfax and a deep 
base of talent, it was the consensus that while Fairfax would 
still have their companies operate autonomously, they could 
recognize opportunities for the greater good if their people 
were given the chance to communicate regularly and work 
together. And in line with the Fairfax philosophy of collabora-
tion and decentralization, once the groups were created, it was hands off from the top. Each working group has a charter 
that defines its mission and scope, along with a membership 
that meets regularly (at least once or twice a year) while con-
tinuing to manage their responsibilities at their respective 
companies.  
Currently, there are over 10 working groups active across the 
Fairfax network, both in North America and internationally, 
including but not limited to human resources, IT, claims, le-
gal, actuarial, reinsurance and learning and development.  
Leadership Collaboration  
In addition to the Working Groups, the G7 companies' leader-
ship (six insurance companies plus Run -off) have a call every 
two weeks where problems (and opportunities) are dis-
cussed. Similarly, under the chairmanship of Bijan Khosrow-
shahi, the G10 companies ’ leadership (that encompasses all 
the other insurance companies) have a call as well. These 
video calls work remarkably well, and it is an effective way to 
generate cooperation among all our decentralized insurance 
companies.  GOVERNANCE  
Fairfax has a long track record of successful acquisitions, underpinning its growth from a small Canadian trucking insurer 35  
years ago into a leading global insurance and reinsurance group with operations in over 40 countries. As stated above, the 
Fairfax name is derived from the principles of fair and friendly acquisitions , based on the golden rule of treating everyone as 
we want to be treated ourselves. Therefore, following this, Fairfax  does not under any circumstances take part in hostile 
takeovers, bidding wars, undue delays, or renegotiation tactics. Additionally, after an acquisition, the proven management 
teams of any acquiree continue to run their companies independently within Fairfax ’s decentralized structure. Fairfax be-
lieves this structure and reputation allows it to continually attract and retain exceptional management teams.  
In addition, all acquisitions are done in accordance with Fairfax ’s Guiding Principles, meaning no acquisition should ever put 
the entire company at risk and the price paid should adequately compensate for the risks assumed. The company ’s decen-
tralized structure limits the risks associated with integrating or merging the acquiree as forecasted synergies or expense 
savings typically do not form part of the strategy or valuation. Fairfax can also draw upon the 15,000+ employees in its in-
surance and reinsurance operations when selecting a due diligence team with the necessary skill set and experience to eval-
uate the operational risks associated with a prospective acquiree.  
Given the size and scale of its operations today, Fairfax is focused on organic growth within its existing global underwritin g 
platform.  Acquisition Philosophy  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 48   Cyber Risk Management  
Cyber threats are serious, ongoing concerns and Fairfax is 
committed to mitigating these risks to protect its enter-
prise. As a Top 20 provider of cyber insurance in the U.S., 
Fairfax has an innate understanding of the risk manage-
ment requirements and intelligence tools needed to stay 
at the forefront of these exposures. By underwriting cyber 
risks around the world, Fairfax possesses best -in-class ex-
pertise and experience that provides a strong foundation 
for prevention and response strategies.  
While Fairfax operates on a decentralized basis, it does 
encourage its affiliate companies to share knowledge and 
best practices, and to collaborate when it comes to 
threats to one or more components of its enterprise. 
Cyber risk falls under this umbrella and an IT Working 
Group comprised of technology leaders across Fairfax con-
venes monthly. A subcommittee focused on Cybersecurity 
also meets monthly, while CISO Roundtable meetings oc-
cur on a weekly basis. The Cybersecurity committee di-
rectly reports to Fairfax management.  
Fairfax ’s decentralized technological infrastructure is a 
natural defense against systemic cyberattacks. The infor-
mation below summarizes Fairfax ’s approach to security 
views and reporting, affiliate cybersecurity programs, 
training, and data protection.  
Security Reviews & Reporting  
With the landscape of security threats in a state of con-
stant state of flux, Fairfax recognizes the importance of, 
and is committed to, conducting annual security reviews, 
and employing industry -standard best practices.  
Fairfax ’s implementation of annual cyber preparedness 
reviews dates to 2013 when the Canadian OSFI Self -Assessment was introduced. Fairfax followed the OSFI Self
-Assessment until it transitioned to CIS Critical Controls v8 
framework in 2021. Outcomes from the annual security 
review process are reviewed with senior executives from 
Fairfax and affiliate companies. Additional reviews are 
conducted and reported at the affiliate company level and 
this collective knowledge is shared for the benefit of all. 
The IT Working Group Leadership across Fairfax ’s entities 
monitors and provides guidance.  
Affiliate Cybersecurity Programs  
Each Fairfax affiliate company manages and maintains its 
own Cybersecurity programs, employing industry stand-
ards and best practices. Most affiliate companies 
(representing over 95% of gross written premiums) utilize 
the following techniques and solutions:  
• Information Security and Privacy Policies  
• Annual Third Party Penetration Testing  
• End Point Protection  
• Network Security  
• Phishing Protections  
• Web Filtering  
• Data Protections in Transit and At Rest  
• Encryption  
• Training Programs to Reinforce a Security Culture  
• Intrusion Detection and Prevention  
• Incident Response, Disaster Recovery and Business 
Continuity Plans  
Certain affiliate companies are members of The Financial 
Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center (FS -ISAC) 
for situational awareness related to cyber threats and 
attacks.  
Training  
Most affiliate companies (representing over 95% of gross 
written premiums) conduct the following:  
• Annual Employee Security Training  
• Phishing Simulation  
• Annual Penetration Testing by an External Third 
Party  
GOVERNANCE  
 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 49   Data Protection   
Consistent with our decentralized structure, data protec-
tion, from both a data security perspective and a privacy 
perspective, is managed at the respective insurance group 
and operating company levels, meeting the regulatory 
requirements of the various jurisdictions in which they 
operate. The policies in place are shared both internally 
and externally and reviewed on a systematic basis to en-
sure ongoing relevance for the business.  
Each insurance group reviews their policies regularly, up-
dates their policies for new rules and regulations as imple-
mented and provides training and awareness to its em-
ployees in relation to data protection and its policies for 
ongoing compliance.  
Data protection is an important obligation owed to em-
ployees, clients, and business partners globally, and is key 
to protecting company and personal data. Each insurance 
group ’s policies include relevant controls for data protec-tion compliance. Transparency, data minimization, data 
usage, security measures, vendor management, data 
transfers, data privacy rights and other aspects of data 
processing are covered as relevant in the respective poli-
cies. In addition, each insurance group aims to be respon-
sive in a timely manner to any investigation or required 
notifications should an incident arise, as well as with re-
spect to any data privacy access requests. Where relevant, 
the operating companies have data privacy and/or data 
security officers to assist with data protection compliance 
and monitoring.  
Supply Chain  
Globally, we do our best to source supplies from local, 
ethical, and environmentally focused suppliers with asso-
ciated commitment to ESG. This will be an area of in-
creased focus in 2022 and beyond as we gather more de-
tailed and comprehensive information regarding ethical 
supply chains.  GOVERNANCE  

 
2021 Fairfax ESG Report ǀ 50   Certain statements contained herein may constitute forward -looking information (within the meaning of Canadian secu-
rities legislation) and forward -looking statements (within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995). These statements can be identified by expressions of belief, expectation or intention, as well as 
those statements that are not historical fact. Forward -looking statements are based upon assumptions, estimates, opin-
ions and analysis made by management in light of its experience, current conditions and its expectations of future devel-
opments that management believe to be reasonable and relevant,  and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncer-
tainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Fairfax to be materially 
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward -looking state-
ments. Such factors include, but are not limited to: a reduction in net earnings if our loss reserves are insufficient; under-
writing losses on the risks we insure that are higher or lower than expected; the occurrence of catastrophic events with a 
frequency or severity exceeding our estimates; changes in market variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange 
rates, equity prices and credit spreads, which could negatively affect our investment portfolio; risks associated with the 
global pandemic caused by COVID -19, and the related global reduction in commerce and substantial downturns in stock 
markets worldwide; the cycles of the insurance market and general economic conditions, which can substantially influ-
ence our and our competitors' premium rates and capacity to write new business; insufficient reserves for asbestos, en-
vironmental and other latent claims; exposure to credit risk in the event our reinsurers fail to make payments to us un-
der our reinsurance arrangements; exposure to credit risk in the event our insureds, insurance producers or reinsurance 
intermediaries fail to remit premiums that are owed to us or failure by our insureds to reimburse us for deductibles that 
are paid by us on their behalf; our inability to maintain our long term debt ratings, the inability of our subsidiaries to 
maintain financial or claims paying ability ratings and the impact of a downgrade of such ratings on derivative transac-
tions that we or our subsidiaries have entered into; risks associated with implementing our business strategies; the tim-
ing of claims payments being sooner or the receipt of reinsurance recoverables being later than anticipated by us; risks 
associated with any use we may make of derivative instruments; the failure of any hedging methods we may employ to 
achieve their desired risk management objective; a decrease in the level of demand for insurance or reinsurance prod-
ucts, or increased competition in the insurance industry; the impact of emerging claim and coverage issues or the failure 
of any of the loss limitation methods we employ; our inability to access cash of our subsidiaries; our inability to obtain 
required levels of capital on favourable terms, if at all; the loss of key employees; our inability to obtain reinsurance cov-
erage in sufficient amounts, at reasonable prices or on terms that adequately protect us; the passage of legislation sub-
jecting our businesses to additional adverse requirements, supervision or regulation, including additional tax regulation, 
in the United States, Canada or other jurisdictions in which we operate; risks associated with government investigations 
of, and litigation and negative publicity related to, insurance industry practice or any other conduct; risks associated with  
political and other developments in foreign jurisdictions in which we operate; risks associated with legal or regulatory 
proceedings or significant litigation; failures or security breaches of our computer and data processing systems; the influ-
ence exercisable by our significant shareholder; adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; our dependence 
on independent brokers over whom we exercise little control; impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill, indefi-
nite-lived intangible assets or investments in associates; our failure to realize deferred income tax assets; technological 
or other change which adversely impacts demand, or the premiums payable, for the insurance coverages we offer; dis-
ruptions of our information technology systems; assessments and shared market mechanisms which may adversely 
affect our insurance subsidiaries; and adverse consequences to our business, our investments and our personnel re-
sulting from or related to the COVID -19 pandemic. Additional risks and uncertainties are described in our most recently 
issued Annual Report, which is available at www.fairfax.ca, and in our Base Shelf Prospectus (under “Risk Factors ”) filed 
with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada, which is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Fairfax cautions 
readers not to place undue reliance on these forward -looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Fairfax dis-
claims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward -looking statements, whether as a result of new infor-
mation, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities law.  
 Forward -Looking Statements  