Enhancing  
  Everyday Life...  
    Sustainably
2019/2020  ESG REPORT  ™
We are pleased to share Glatfelter Corporation’s first Environmental, Social and Governance 
(ESG) report. Our organizational commitment to sustainability and being a responsible 
corporate citizen has been longstanding, rooted in our Company history, culture and Core 
Values. As we continue our strategic transformation, we are also taking this opportunity 
to further formalize our ESG priorities, strengthen our commitments and disclose our 
sustainability performance. 
In preparation for this report, we conducted a materiality assessment to identify which ESG 
topics matter most to Glatfelter and its stakeholders – our employees, investors, customers, 
suppliers and communities where we live and work. Our ESG priorities and the development 
of this report were informed by our review of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB) standards and various ESG reporting frameworks, ratings and rankings.
As a result, this report addresses the topics that we feel are most meaningful to our business, 
that we have the ability to impact, and that our stakeholders care about. Our focus is on 
providing this information in a clear, transparent manner, with an acknowledgement that we 
are reporting on a journey that is still in progress and gradually evolving with a commitment 
to continuous improvement. 
This report was published in December 2020 and is primarily based on fiscal year 2019  
data, while also including additional commitments and examples from 2020 – thus, the 
2019/2020 date on the cover. For additional information on our ESG initiatives, please visit 
www.glatfelter.com/sustainability/  or contact sustainability@glatfelter.com .About This Report
Table of Contents
About the Report 
Executive Message
Company Overview
Environmental Impact
Social Responsibility
Governance and Ethics 
 1
 2
5
12
18 
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     1
of Glatfelter PEOPLE and their families remains our highest 
priority. We are part of the essential workforce and remain highly 
committed to providing our customers with the engineered 
materials necessary to manufacture critical products required by 
healthcare professionals and consumers to maintain good health, 
cleanliness and personal comfort. I am incredibly proud of our 
employees, who are making a difference through their resilience 
and dedication. Their strength and commitment are the key to our 
continued success.
Thank you for your interest in Glatfelter. We hope you find our 
report insightful and we look forward to reporting on our progress 
in the future. If you have any comments or questions about our 
report, please direct them to sustainability@glatfelter.com .
Sincerely,
Dante C. Parrini  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE  
To Our Stakeholders:
Our commitment to sustainability and being a responsible corporate citizen has been  
a hallmark of our more than 155-year history. Sustainability helps guide our business 
and is reflected in our longstanding Core Values of Integrity, Financial Discipline, Mutual 
Respect, Customer Focus, Environmental Responsibility and Social Responsibility.
We truly live these values each day as we contribute to the health, 
wellbeing and everyday lives of millions of people around the 
world. Sustainability is also a core attribute of our products. We 
use natural, renewable fibers to create materials that are rooted in 
nature and engineered for performance. 
We believe this is the right time to formalize our priorities 
and publish this first report – as we advance our strategic 
transformation to the New Glatfelter, a growth-oriented, higher-
margin global engineered materials company. We implemented 
several sustainability initiatives in 2019 and the first half of 2020 
that accelerated our progress and helped us strategically focus our 
efforts in areas where we believe we can have the greatest local 
and global impact. 
Our cross-functional Environmental, Social and Governance 
(ESG) Steering Committee has made great strides recently in 
establishing our ESG strategy, creating our Sustainability Policy , 
significantly expanding and improving our communications, and 
providing implementation support to Glatfelter’s segments and 
facilities. I am proud of the progress we have made to date, but 
acknowledge we have plenty of opportunity to grow our program 
and commitments as we continue on the path of building a more 
sustainable company. At Glatfelter, continuous improvement is 
part of our operating culture and our sustainability priorities are 
no exception. We will continue to engage with and support our 
employees, customers, suppliers and the communities where we 
live and work.
At the time of this report’s publication, we are still facing 
the many challenges from the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
uncertainty about the global impact this virus will have on the 
overall well-being of people and the economy. As we respond 
to this challenging situation, ensuring the health and safety 
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     2Glatfelter Corporation  
at a GlanceIn recent years, we have undertaken a significant transformation to position Glatfelter as  
a leading global supplier of engineered materials. Through the drive and determination  
of our employees around the world, we have been able to execute our strategy of:
• Expanding our engineered materials platform;
• Driving continuous improvement and cost optimization initiatives; and
• Maintaining a healthy balance sheet and financial flexibility.Glatfelter Corporation is a leading global supplier of engineered materials, creating products 
that help enhance everyday life. Our custom solutions can be found in food and beverage 
applications, personal hygiene products, building and industrial products, home care and more. 
Pre-1998
 U.S. Uncoated 
Freesheet focused 
business1998-2008
 Expanded 
internationally,  
acquiring Schoeller  
& Hoesch GmbH  
creating Composite 
Fibers business
 Acquired Lydney, UK 
facility,  expanding tea 
and coffee business2010-2014
 Acquisition of Concert 
Industries  creates  
Airlaid business
 Dresden acquisition  
adds nonwoven 
wallcover product line
 Completed capacity 
expansion  to serve 
growing tea, coffee, 
and technical specialty 
markets
 Ober-Schmitten 
acquisition  expands 
electrical product line2018-2020
 New Airlaid facility   
in Fort Smith, AR  
expands capacity by 20%
 Acquisition of GP’s 
European nonwovens 
business (Steinfurt)  
further expands  
Airlaid business
 Sale of Specialty 
Papers business  
creates more focused 
engineered materials 
platform
 Migration to 
functional operating 
model  creates a 
flatter, more agile and 
integrated engineered 
materials company
 Corporate 
Headquarters 
relocation to 
Charlotte  provides 
enhanced access to 
resources, and easier  
and more efficient  
business travel
COMPANY OVERVIEW  
About Glatfelter
global centers 
of excellence2manufacturing 
facilities10sales  
offices4specialty fiber 
facilities2
The Evolution of Glatfelter
COUNTRIES SERVED:  +100 countriesFOUNDING:  1864
HEADQUARTERS: Charlotte, North Carolina
ANNUAL REVENUES:  ~$925 million in 2019
NYSE:  GLT
EMPLOYEES:  ~2,500
LOCATIONS:  18 locations in the Americas, Europe and Asia
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     3O u r  O p e r a t in g  S e g m e n t s  
Composite Fibers  processes specialty long fibers, primarily from 
natural sources such as abaca, to create premium value-added products 
in the following categories: 
• Food & beverage filtration;
• Wallcover base material;
• Technical specialties (used in electrical, building and industrial 
applications);
• Composite laminates (used in production of furniture and flooring 
applications);   
• Dispersible wipes and hygiene products; and
• Metallized products. 
Airlaid Materials  produces highly absorbent and engineered 
cellulose-based airlaid nonwoven materials, primarily used to 
manufacture consumer products for growing global end-user markets. 
Our products are composed of all-natural fluff pulp, which is sustainable 
by design. The categories served by Airlaid Materials include:
• Feminine hygiene;
• Specialty wipes;
• Table top and towels;
• Adult incontinence;
• Home care; 
• Baby diapers; and
• Food pad and other consumer products. 
Learn more about Glatfelter at: www.glatfelter.com   

2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     4
• Published a formal Sustainability Policy  and Human Rights Policy , 
which complement our existing Global Health and Safety Policy , 
Environmental Policy , Quality Statement , The Glatfelter Code of 
Business Conduct , and other Corporate Governance documents ,  
all of which are posted on our website and referenced throughout 
this report. 
• Addressed our ESG efforts and impact in our proxy, creating a new 
level of transparency and accountability with our shareholders. 
We worked with a third-party consultant to conduct a materiality 
assessment to identify our ESG priorities. Our materiality process 
included peer and industry research, internal stakeholder interviews, 
ESG team workshops and application of best practices. We also took 
into consideration the expectations and recommendations of leading 
ESG ratings organizations and sustainability standards such as the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) and U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). 
We evaluated topics based on their potential impact on Glatfelter, the 
Company’s ability to impact them and our stakeholders’ interest in 
these topics. We settled on seven priorities, which are organized along 
the E, S and G pillars.Our Sustainability Journey
Glatfelter was founded in 1864 with a strong focus on environmental 
sustainability. Even in the very early days, the Company went to great 
lengths to support and protect forests, streams and wildlife. It was the 
right thing to do and enabled the Company to rely on natural resources 
as critical materials for production. The commitment to sustainability 
and being a responsible corporate citizen is also reflected in our Core 
Values  of Integrity, Financial Discipline, Mutual Respect, Customer Focus, 
Environmental Responsibility and Social Responsibility. 
In 2019, Glatfelter took steps to further formalize its sustainability 
program under the ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) pillars. 
We believe this enhanced focus on ESG is an important element of 
our ongoing strategic business transformation and ability to create 
additional value for all stakeholders. In 2019 and early 2020, Glatfelter:
• Formed a cross-functional ESG Steering Committee made up of 
Glatfelter managers from across our business, with a primary role  
of overseeing the sustainability/ESG strategy for the Company  
and providing implementation support to Glatfelter’s businesses 
and facilities. COMPANY OVERVIEW  
About Glatfelter
Environmental
 Environmental Management
 Innovation and Environmentally Responsible Products
Social Responsibility
 Occupational Health and Safety
 Product Safety and Quality
 Community and Employee Engagement
Governance and Ethics
 Corporate Governance
 Ethics and Integrity
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     5
We empower employees to take personal responsibility 
for environmental issues with the goal to make progress in 
environmental sustainability across our global operations. 
This commitment is expressed through our Core Value 
of Environmental Responsibility and our Company-wide 
Environmental Policy . Our environmental pillar is focused 
in two areas that impact our business and where we can 
make a difference for our stakeholders: Environmental 
Management; and  Innovation and Environmentally 
Responsible Products.
Environmental Management 
As stated in our Environmental Policy , our concern for the 
environment guides everything we do. This policy was 
instituted in 1997 as part of the ISO 14001 certification 
process and is the foundation for our Environmental 
Management Systems (EMS). We are committed to 
complying with environmental laws and regulations in 
the regions where we operate, as well as the voluntary 
principles and certifications to which we subscribe at 
our operating sites. We are focused on maintaining the 
planet’s resources through robust programs for natural 
resource management, energy-efficient processes, waste 
reduction and continuous improvement.N a t u r a l R e s o u r c e  M a n a g e m e n t  
Natural materials are the most significant feedstock in our 
manufacturing processes. In fact, the responsible use of natural  
fibers  is one of our main competitive advantages – 60% to 80% 
of our product content is natural cellulose fibers, which, from an 
environmental responsibility and life cycle perspective, compare very 
favorably to products having more synthetic content. The sustainability 
and replenishment of the supply chain of these natural fibers are critical 
to Glatfelter’s ability to continue to serve customers and reduce risk.  
Glatfelter has achieved Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certification 
at all our manufacturing facilities – maintaining a strong chain of 
custody to ensure that 100% of the wood fibers we use come from  
well-managed, sustainable forests. As the world’s top purchaser  
of abaca fiber, Glatfelter monitors its farmers and traders in the 
Philippines, Costa Rica and Ecuador to ensure they follow local 
compliance requirements and Glatfelter’s Supplier Code of Conduct . Environmental Impact
Glatfelter is committed to operating as a responsible 
steward of the environment and creating a more 
sustainable world for future generations.
Zero reportable spills/releases or other  
environmental incidents from 2018 – 2020*
*A s  o f D e c e m b e r 2 0 2 0  p u b lic a t io n  d a te .
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     6Our shared commitments – to sustainable farming and continuously 
improving farm operations – protect, sustain and enhance the 
abaca supply chain and improve the viability of the farms and their 
communities. We also partner extensively with the Rainforest Alliance™ 
and Sustainable Agriculture Network to ensure that the farms meet 
both groups’ standards for environmental, social and economic 
sustainability. A list of our facilities’ certifications can be found at  
www.glatfelter.com/sustainability/policies-and-certifications/ .
Water  is a significant natural resource input for our Composite Fibers 
business in Europe. Water is used for the manufacturing process, 
equipment cleaning, and in a few cases for cooling purposes. Apart 
from the cooling water, all water used in our manufacturing process is 
recycled at least once, helping reduce the use of first-pass water and our 
overall interaction with local water sources. None of our facilities take 
water from regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress.
For water that can be no longer reused within the Composite Fibers 
manufacturing process, each manufacturing facility has a dedicated 
wastewater treatment plant to remove solids and biodegradable 
materials to ensure that the final effluent discharged back into the water 
system meets or exceeds jurisdictional permit requirements. 
Our Airlaid Materials products are manufactured with a dry forming 
process, and, therefore, water is not a significant natural resource for 
those facilities. 
As an engaged member of our local communities, we discuss water-
related risks with public officials and local authorities on a regular basis. 
In addition, we make regular investments in and around our facilities to 
ensure continued efficient water management. At our Composite Fibers 
facility in Gernsbach, Germany, for example, we are building cooling 
towers to help manage our output while also addressing rising water 
Fish ladders and eel passes are 
installed at several Glatfelter facilities 
to ensure operations do not impact 
the local ecosystem.temperatures in the area. We review our water-related risks annually 
as part of our Company-wide risk assessment process and adjust our 
mitigation strategies as necessary to ensure we are properly protecting 
local water sources. Manufacturing facilities are responsible for tracking 
their water consumption and measuring it against monthly targets 
established by the facility in collaboration with Glatfelter’s global 
Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) team. Certain sites also have 
water usage reduction targets based on the nature of their operations. 
Our total wastewater discharge for all sites in 2019 was 20.878 million 
cubic meters (m3). 
Overall, our operations used 69.6 m3 of water per metric ton of 
production in 2019.
WATER USAGE  
 (in  m illio n s  o f c u b ic  m e te rs)
2019: 21.340
2018: 21.877ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT  
Glatfelter has dedicated wastewater treatment plants  
to ensure the final effluent meets or exceeds jurisdictional permit requirements.
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     7E n e r g y  U s e  a n d  G r e e n h o u s e  G a s  E m is s io n s  R e d u c t io n
One of the byproducts of transforming our business into a leading 
global supplier of engineered materials is that we have become a less-
energy-intensive, lower-emissions company. Nonetheless, energy  still 
accounts for up to 10% of our cost of goods sold, and we seek to drive 
efficiencies through equipment upgrades and process improvements, 
where feasible. Five of our European sites certify compliance with 
the ISO 50001 standard for energy management. Our U.K. sites have 
improvement targets to reduce energy usage per metric ton as part of 
formal industry agreements with the government to achieve long-term 
energy efficiency improvements.  
We continue to look for opportunities to drive efficiencies and reduce 
our use of nonrenewable energy. One way we do this is by producing  
a significant amount of electricity through cogeneration at several 
of our Composite Fibers facilities. The cogeneration process is more 
efficient than a typical electric generating plant and produces 
useful heat that can be used in the manufacturing process. In 2019, 
a total of 65,800 megawatt hours of our electricity was produced by 
cogeneration at our facilities. In addition, our Gernsbach facility has  
two water turbines to generate electric power that is sold to 
neighboring utilities. 
We seek to drive additional efficiencies through equipment upgrades 
and process improvements. Many of our facilities utilize energy-efficient 
LED lighting to reduce electricity usage. Management of vehicle 
emissions is not part of our strategy, as Glatfelter does not own or 
operate a Company fleet.
In 2019, our operations consumed 1.49 megawatt hours of electricity 
per metric ton of production. Approximately 85% of our consumed 
electricity came from the grid in 2019.ENERGY USAGE (in  m e g a w a t t  h o u rs)
Glatfelter is working to lower its greenhouse gas emissions  and 
energy consumption by reducing carbon dioxide emissions and 
increasing energy efficiency across our operations. In addition to 
using the cogeneration process, complying with ISO 50001 and 
participating in climate change agreements, we consistently work to 
drive improvements in process efficiency and invest in more modern 
equipment. Furthermore, variable speed drives, improved heat recovery 
and the use of LED lighting also improve our carbon footprint. Each 
facility targets improvement, tracks progress and reports results to the 
corporate EHS team for data collection and analysis. 
Our greenhouse gas emissions in 2019 were 0.616 per metric ton of 
production, which represents approximately a 3% decrease over the 
previous year.
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS (in  m e t ric  to n s)2019 2018
Total energy used 1,484,054 1,498,822
Total electricity consumed 456,937 454,878
Total electricity produced on site 66,868 71,522
Electricity produced on site by co-generation 65,800 70,847
Electricity produced from renewable resources 1,068 675
Electricity sold to local utility  5,571 5,766
2019 2018
Scope 1  188,740  192,421
Scope 2 130,217 142,583  
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     8W a s t e  a n d  R e c y c lin g
Consistent with our application of Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma 
principles, we view waste as an opportunity to improve efficiency and 
cost effectiveness, while reducing our environmental impact. We have 
had waste reduction and recycling  success in both our Composite 
Fibers and Airlaid Materials segments. For example, a significant 
volume of off-spec material in Composite Fibers is used for lower-grade 
applications. In Airlaid Materials, we strive for zero waste to landfill by 
recycling materials and finding buyers that value our byproducts’ high-
absorbency performance. 
We also have general business waste recycling efforts in place at our 
Corporate Headquarters and several of our major locations. Employees 
have access to recycling bins in common areas and offices, and we 
encourage double-sided and non-color printing.
Fort Smith 
Facility  
Delivers on 
Waste  
Reduction 
AgendaGlatfelter is one of the largest 
producers of airlaid materials in the 
world – at facilities in Gatineau, Canada; 
Falkenhagen, Germany; Steinfurt, 
Germany; and Fort Smith, Arkansas. 
Wherever possible, we seek to reduce 
waste to landfill by recycling, or  
finding other uses for byproducts  
of production.
Our state-of-the-art production facility 
in Fort Smith, Arkansas, opened in 2018 
with a strong focus on reducing waste 
for both cost savings and sustainability 
benefits. Everyone in the facility is focused on driving toward zero waste 
and understands that landfilling is a last 
resort. Recycling and waste reduction 
efforts are tracked and managed on a 
weekly basis at Fort Smith.
For packaging, the facility has a recycling 
contract that helps keep bags, rolls, 
pulp slab, plastics and cardboard out of 
landfills. In addition, the Fort Smith team 
connects with other local businesses 
that can utilize the plant’s reclaimed raw 
materials and manufacturing byproducts 
in their businesses – including highly 
absorbent materials such as bale waste and dust pucks in many different 
forms that can be used for wet waste 
absorption. Fort Smith utilizes local 
landfills for only approximately 150 to  
175 U.S. tons of bale waste and pucks per 
month. While we do not currently have 
a contract for this waste, we are actively 
seeking a buyer. At least one large 
truckload of reusable materials leaves the 
Fort Smith plant on a weekly basis, which 
significantly reduces landfill costs and 
protects the environment.ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT  

2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     9Innovation and Environmentally  
Responsible Products
Creating environmentally responsible products and sustainable 
solutions is one of Glatfelter’s primary opportunities for industry 
leadership and Company growth. We believe our core competency in 
using natural fibers gives us significant competitive advantage, as we 
are well positioned to help our customers achieve their sustainability 
goals and fulfill their environmental commitments to their customers. 
To capitalize on these opportunities, we are focused in two  
primary areas: 
• Helping our customers and markets appreciate the full  
sustainability benefits of our existing products , which are  
mostly plant-based; and
• Developing new products  with enhanced sustainability profiles, by 
replacing oil-based plastic ingredients with plant-based materials 
that provide improved biodegradability and compostability.
S u s t a in a b le  S o lu t io n s  ... T o d a y  a n d  T o m o r r o w   
With natural cellulose fibers accounting for 60% to 80% of our product 
content, natural materials are the most significant raw material input 
into our products. The remaining content consists of a combination 
of binders, coatings and adhesives – some of which are derived 
from petroleum products and/or are plastic-based. Environmental 
considerations are an ongoing part of product line discussions internally 
and with customers and suppliers. For example, we are pursuing 
alternatives to traditional petroleum-based plastics, including the use 
of polylactic acid (PLA), a plastic substitute made from fermented plant 
starch (usually corn). 
Given that many of our products already have a high percentage of 
natural content, we believe we have an advantage in developing 
next-generation solutions with enhanced sustainability benefits 
that will further differentiate Glatfelter in the market. Sustainability 
considerations are a part of every new product development program 
at Glatfelter, with heightened focus in recent years as we serve an 
increasingly environment-aware marketplace. We take an active approach to innovation and work directly with our 
customers to learn more about how we can collaborate to create 
better sustainable products. This includes holding ongoing innovation 
sessions with key customers to understand how we can help them 
make better, more differentiated products. Sustainability has become an 
increasingly important aspect of virtually every innovation session. Our 
goal is to anticipate emerging customer needs and build our innovation 
programs accordingly. Most notably, we are focused on ways to reduce 
the amount of plastic used in our products, replacing it with natural  
and bio-based materials.  
Glatfelter is the world’s top purchaser of abaca fiber.
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     10In n o v a t io n  in  A c t io n
We currently have several innovation programs and customer 
partnerships in place to advance Glatfelter’s already sustainable 
solutions. Areas of progress and opportunity for our Composite Fibers 
and Airlaid Materials segments include:
• Food and beverage:  Introducing PLA-based materials and 
replacing some oil-based plastics for tea bags and single-serve 
coffee applications. 
• Wipes:  Developing plant-based fiber solutions that can eliminate 
the use of oil-based plastics in baby wipes and other wipes 
products so they can be home compostable. Given the increased 
use of wipes in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, this represents 
a significant growth opportunity for the Company.   
• Feminine hygiene:  Increasing the amount of biodegradable, 
recycled or plant-based content in end-products, which would 
significantly improve the sustainability profile of our customers’ 
products without compromising absorbency. These solutions also 
have application in the adult incontinence and food pad markets. 
• Table top:  Creating plastic-free napkins and towels to make them 
compostable, which is a significant market driver in Europe. 
• Packaging:  Conducting R&D work on plant-based alternatives  
to plastic-based flexible packaging. ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT  
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     11As part of Glatfelter’s broader purpose, we are proud to produce innovative materials that are essential for everyday life. Approximately 85% of 
Glatfelter’s revenues are tied to essential consumer staples, whether they are hygiene and personal care products to maintain a healthy lifestyle, 
food and beverage products enjoyed on a daily basis, or solutions that keep customers and their surroundings clean and safe. Our customers can 
rely on us to fulfill this essential role.
Glatfelter 
Responds to 
COVID-19  
PPE Needs 
with  
Increased 
Capacity and 
Innovative 
SolutionsGlatfelter produces personal protective 
equipment (PPE) materials such as the 
inner and outer layers of face masks  
to protect the critical filtration layer. 
When the COVID-19 pandemic hit,  
customer demand for those products 
increased and Glatfelter responded  
by increasing production at its mill in 
Scaër, France, and adding capacity at  
one of its manufacturing lines in 
Gernsbach, Germany. The materials 
are used by our customers to create 
protective masks for medical personnel 
and their patients around the world.
We also created new products to 
respond to the growing demand for, 
and, in some cases, the shortage of 
face masks. This included utilizing our airlaid technology to create materials 
for community masks, suitable for daily 
use by the public. We also partnered 
with our customers to help repurpose 
materials and establish new capacity to 
increase face mask supply. Glatfelter’s 
technology team is also exploring novel 
functionalities and active materials  
that could even deactivate viruses  
and bacteria.
The sustainability aspects of disposable 
masks are also important to Glatfelter. 
Many mask materials are fully synthetic, 
which limits their recyclability, 
compostability and biodegradability. 
Glatfelter's mask materials are made of 
70% to 75% natural cellulosic fiber,  which could provide significant 
sustainability benefits for our  
customers and end users.
As we look overall at how COVID-19 
has impacted our business, we are very 
proud of the way Glatfelter PEOPLE have 
responded to the challenges related 
to the virus. The health and safety of 
our employees and their families has 
remained a top priority, and we have 
taken all necessary measures to protect 
them. This has included several new 
safety, hygiene and communication 
protocols throughout our facilities. As 
a result, all our facilities have remained 
open so that we can be part of the 
essential workforce supporting global 
response efforts to the pandemic. 
ESSENTIAL  as you brew 
your favorite beverage 
and prepare nutritious 
meals for your family.
Approximately 85% of Glatfelter revenue is tied to essential consumer staplesESSENTIAL  for maintaining  
a healthy and active lifestyle 
even as we practice  
social distancing.ESSENTIAL  for maintaining  
a clean and safe environment 
for your family.F O O D  &  B E V E R A G E
t e a  b a g ; s in g le -s e r v e  
c o ff e e ; f o o d  p a d sP E R S O N A L  C A R E
f e m in in e  h y g ie n e ; a d u lt  
in c o n t in e n c e ; b a b y  w ip e sC O N S U M E R  S O L U T IO N S
fl o o r  &  h o m e  c a r e ; t a b le  
t o p ; d is p e r s ib le  w ip e s
ESSENTIAL  for Everyday Life

2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     12With every injury-free day that passes, employees return home to 
their families and as a company, we get closer to achieving world-
class safety performance. Despite our best efforts, our last fatality 
occurred in 2012 in a facility that was part of a business unit that has 
since been divested.Social Responsibility
Social Responsibility is a Glatfelter Core Value,  
and we have a consistent record of following  
through on commitments to our PEOPLE  
and supporting communities where  
we work and live.
Now, more than ever, we are seeing how important 
it is to be a good neighbor, employer and corporate 
citizen. We have identified three priority areas in Social 
Responsibility where we believe we can have the greatest 
impact: Occupational Health and Safety; Product 
Safety and Quality; and  Community and Employee 
Engagement.
Occupational Health and Safety
We view health and safety as everyone’s responsibility and 
involve all employees at every level of the organization in 
our programs. Glatfelter facilities are striving to be “injury 
free every day” through implementation of our Global 
Health & Safety Policy , regulatory compliance, site-specific 
safety plans, safety resources and training, and an ongoing 
risk assessment and safety auditing program. Six of our  
ten manufacturing facilities and one of our specialty fiber 
facilities are third-party certified under ISO 45001, which 
is the updated version of the Occupational Health and 
Safety management standard OHSAS 18001. 
We track multiple safety metrics, including total case 
incident rate (TCIR), to encourage and ensure continuous 
improvement and mitigation of potential safety risks. In 
recent years, Glatfelter’s TCIR has consistently ranked in 
the top quartile of safety performance in our industry. 
Glatfelter’s TCIR for 2019 was 0.74, which is approximately 
15% lower than in 2018 and a 22% improvement over 2017. TOTAL CASE INCIDENT RATE (TCIR)1
1 R a te s  re p re s e n t  t h e  a v e ra g e  n u m b e r o f w o rk -re la te d  in ju rie s  in c u rre d  b y   
 10 0  f u ll-t im e  e m p lo y e e s  w o rk in g  2 0 0 ,0 0 0  h o u rs  p e r y e a r.Measuring Improved Safety Performance
2019 2018 20170.740.870.95
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     13
LOST DAY INCIDENT RATE (LDIR)2Keeping  
Our PEOPLE 
Safe during 
COVID-19Ensuring the health and safety of 
Glatfelter PEOPLE has remained our 
highest priority as we continue to 
navigate the challenges of the COVID-19 
pandemic. Glatfelter has successfully 
maintained all operations due to the 
resilience and commitment of our 
employees to follow the Company’s 
COVID safety protocols and assume a 
"duty of care" to their fellow employees. 
Our team members have excelled 
at providing our customers with the 
engineered materials solutions and 
services necessary to manufacture 
critical products required by healthcare 
professionals and consumers to  
maintain good health, cleanliness  
and personal comfort. 
Led by our COVID-19 Global Response 
Team, our facilities have implemented  the following actions to protect the 
health and safety of our employees: 
• Instilled a “duty of care” mindset 
through frequent health and  
safety communications;
• Expanded safety and hygiene 
protocols within our facilities 
including frequent and vigilant 
handwashing, regular disinfecting  
of work and common areas,  
wearing face masks, and physical 
distancing mandates; 
• Provided additional hand sanitizing/
washing stations and facemasks;
• Established temperature checks as 
permitted or required by local laws;
• Shifted to a work-from-home 
arrangement, where feasible, and 
discontinued entry of non-essential 
visitors to Glatfelter facilities;• Implemented stringent procedures 
to quickly isolate team members 
with symptoms of illness including, 
but not limited to, COVID-19;
• Discontinued all non-essential 
business travel until further notice;
• Leveraged technology to keep all 
employees informed and connected; 
and 
• Provided a recognition bonus 
to our operations employees to 
demonstrate appreciation for their 
dedication and professionalism 
during these challenging times.
As the COVID-19 situation continues, we 
regularly assess, adjust and audit these 
measures to keep our employees and 
their families safe, while delivering critical 
materials for our customers.
2019 2018 20171.691.942.58
2 R a te s  re p re s e n t  t h e  a v e ra g e  n u m b e r o f w o rk -re la te d  in ju rie s  in c u rre d  b y  10 0  f u ll-t im e  e m p lo y e e s  w o rk in g  2 0 0 ,0 0 0  h o u rs  p e r y e a r.MINOR ACCIDENTS NEAR MISSES
2019 2018180213
2019 2018228262
7.439.78
10.4610.81
Minor Accident TCIR2
Near Miss TCIR2
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     14
Product Safety and Quality
Ensuring a consistent, high level of product safety and quality is critical, 
given our leading positions in several food-grade and personal hygiene 
segments. People around the world rely on Glatfelter’s solutions for 
their most important daily needs – from their morning cup of coffee  
to the cleaning wipes that keep families healthy. We take pride in our 
role in Enhancing Everyday Life™.
Our regulatory obligations include complying with requirements and 
guidelines from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, U.S. Federal 
Trade Commission, European Union, and good manufacturing practice 
guidelines along with ISO 9001 quality standards. We conduct extensive 
product testing during the development and commercialization stages, 
and have an ongoing program to make sure that, first and foremost, our 
products continue to meet and exceed product safety requirements 
and quality specifications. In 2019, the Company had no product recalls 
due to product safety or quality concerns.
Our R&D team also looks for innovative ways to continue to enhance 
the sustainability, biodegradability and compostability of our products. 
For more information on these efforts, see the Innovation and 
Environmentally Responsible Products  section of this report. S u p p ly  C h a in  S u s t a in a b ilit y  
The quality, reliability and responsibility of our suppliers are critical 
to the success of our business and our ability to serve customers and 
contribute to a better world. We partner with stable, trusted, high-
quality suppliers and contractors that uphold our standards of safety 
and quality as outlined in Glatfelter’s Supplier Code of Conduct . We 
encourage our partners to have the same expectations of their suppliers 
and contractors. Our questionnaire for qualifying suppliers looks at a 
wide variety of factors, including their safety, compliance and quality. 
Nowhere are these commitments more evident than in how we work 
with abaca traders and farmers who supply us with a critical, natural 
“super-fiber” most notably for our food and beverage product category. 
We are focused on protecting the integrity of the abaca natural resource 
and maintaining a sustainable supply chain. We work directly with 
abaca farmers, primarily in the Philippines, and also in Costa Rica,  
as well as with traders in Ecuador, to ensure their practices are  
aligned with local compliance requirements, as well as Glatfelter’s 
Supplier Code of Conduct. Priority areas include human rights, safe 
working conditions, employee training, sustainable farming and  
Certification by Facility
 QUALITY ENVIRONMENT ENERGY WORKPLACE FOOD SAFETY SUSTAINABILITY
LOCATION ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 50001 ISO 45001 ISO 22000 BRCGS EN 15593 FSC® PEFC RAC™ SFI®
Caerphilly, UK
Dresden, DE
Falkenhagen, DE
Fort Smith, AR, US
Gatineau, QC, CA
Gernsbach, DE
Lydney, UK
Ober-Schmitten, DE
Scaër, FR
Steinfurt, DE
Balo-I, PHSOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY  
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     15
Our Vision and Values
At Glatfelter, our vision is to become the global 
supplier of choice in engineered materials. We bring 
this vision to life through six Core Values .helping farmers improve their operations – all of which serve to reduce 
supply risk for Glatfelter and improve the viability of the farms and  
their communities. 
In addition, we invite farmers into our facilities to show them how  
we utilize abaca to create sustainable solutions. Providing this level  
of insight and education helps illustrate the importance of their  
role in our supply chain and their contribution to a customer’s 
end product. Our supply chain success is a direct result of our 
local management teams’ ability to build and expand strong, local 
relationships. We also partner extensively with the Rainforest Alliance™ 
to ensure that the farms meet Alliance standards for environmental, 
social and economic sustainability.
Community and Employee Engagement
Glatfelter has been a successful company for more than 155 years 
thanks in large part to the dedication of our PEOPLE and support  
from communities where we operate. We aim to provide current  
and potential employees around the globe with meaningful work,  
close to home. 
T a le n t  A t t r a c t io n , R e t e n t io n  a n d  D e v e lo p m e n t
Glatfelter PEOPLE make essential contributions to our success and 
ability to drive growth and innovation. Even as the organization has 
undertaken substantial change in recent years, our culture, vision and 
Core Values remain the center of our steadfast culture. We are always 
working to enhance our human resources programs by implementing 
and integrating enterprise-level processes for talent attraction, career 
development and training. Creating a best-in-class, globally consistent 
process for these employee experiences has become even more 
important as part of our strategic transformation and the move of our 
corporate headquarters to Charlotte, North Carolina.
Glatfelter’s Performance Management program is one of the core  
tools that provides us with the ability to excel. Through this program, 
we provide direction, coaching, performance feedback and 
encouragement to motivate employees and improve overall individual 
and Company performance. This is done by linking employee goals, feedback and rewards to key business objectives. This approach  
ensures we remain focused on generating value for our customers  
and shareholders.
Glatfelter supports its team by providing fair wages, competitive 
salaries, comprehensive benefits, diverse wellness programs and  
other benefits to help enhance the lives of our employees. We  
regularly review our employee offerings to ensure we are positioned  
to attract and retain world-class talent. For more information, visit  
the Careers  section of our website.  1   Integrity
 2   Financial Discipline
 3   Mutual Respect
 4   Customer Focus
 5   Environmental Responsibility
 6   Social Responsibility
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     16
D iv e r s it y  a n d  In c lu s io n
We are a global company that encourages and embraces different 
cultures and backgrounds. Our PEOPLE, including our management 
team, are diverse – as our facilities hire locally for leadership positions, as 
well as salaried and production positions at all levels. We strive to  
create an inclusive culture and provide opportunities for people  
of all backgrounds to share their unique viewpoints and contribute  
to our success. The global nature of our business helps drive the 
inclusive corporate environment, as we regularly collaborate with 
colleagues who have different backgrounds, ethnicities and  
world views. 
In 2020, we were extremely saddened by the tragic events in the 
United States that highlighted the need to address the injustices 
and inequalities present in our society. The resulting social unrest, 
which spread globally, was an important reminder to treat people of 
all backgrounds fairly and consistent with our Core Values of Mutual 
Respect, Integrity and Social Responsibility.
We are committed to making our Company a more diverse and  
inclusive place to work, while also strengthening the communities in 
GLOBAL GENDER DIVERSITY
  Male 84%
  Female 16%E m p lo y e e  T r a in in g
Training and professional growth are central to developing our 
workforce and driving long-term success for our organization.  
Global training at Glatfelter encompasses a variety of programs,  
from apprenticeships and machine-specific skill development,  
grant-funded partnerships, Lean Six Sigma principles training and 
leadership development. 
Our signature training and education programs include: 
• Impact Zone Leadership (IZL) , a competency model that aligns 
employee capabilities and behaviors with Glatfelter’s business 
needs and strategies.
• Access to leadership skills training  for executives, supervisors 
and managers – including learning modules from Harvard 
ManageMentor®.
• All-employee training  on topics such as basic financial principles, 
multi-tasking, team-building, language training and cultural 
awareness for our global workforce.
• Tuition reimbursement  for approved job-related courses through 
accredited colleges and universities.
Due to the continuous evolution of the business to focus on increasingly 
sophisticated engineered materials, Glatfelter has operational 
apprenticeship programs in many of our global locations. For example, 
our Gernsbach, Germany, facility offers apprenticeships for papermakers, 
electronic technicians, industrial mechanics and industrial clerks. 
Glatfelter also sponsors regional and international university degree and 
internship programs. We have active programs in the U.S., U.K., France, 
and our Dresden, Falkenhagen, Gernsbach and Ober-Schmitten facilities 
in Germany. 
For more information on our various training and development 
programs, visit this link: www.glatfelter.com/wp-content/uploads/GLT-
Training-and-Development.pdf .SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY  
White People of Color No Data
Total Workforce 75% 18% 7%
Manager and Director Levels 76% 19% 5%
Vice President Level 82% 12% 6%U.S. Racial Diversity  
at a Glance
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     17which we live. To reflect this commitment, in June 2020, we announced  
the following actions: 
• Develop plans to advance our diversity aspirations that further 
enrich the Glatfelter Culture and build a workforce that more closely 
resembles the global markets we serve;
• Enhance our existing compliance training by adding content that 
brings a focus to diversity and unconscious biases existing in the 
workplace; and
• Allocate 25% of our annual charitable giving budget to support 
community partners whose missions address social inequities and 
racial injustice.
S u p p o r t in g  O u r  C o m m u n it ie s
Through philanthropy and volunteerism, Glatfelter positively impacts 
many communities and groups across our footprint. We believe that 
supporting our communities not only involves financial contributions, 
but also extends to partnering with community organizations, giving 
time and talent to those who need our help and supporting causes 
important to Glatfelter PEOPLE. We focus our support for nonprofit 
organizations in four key areas:
1. Education:  We encourage the development of knowledge  
for individuals and application of knowledge for the betterment  
of society.  
2. Arts and Culture:  We recognize the importance of experiences 
with culture and the arts and help enhance the participation and 
exposure for local programs. 
3. Civic:  We engage in challenges and opportunities that impact the 
local community, and, where possible, we find opportunities to lead 
by example.
4. Environment:  We support programs that protect and conserve 
the natural environment, including critical habitats and waterways. 
The Glatfelter leadership team encourages each site to identify 
and support local initiatives in these four key areas. Employees are 
encouraged to participate in Glatfelter’s Charitable Giving Program  
and request support for local nonprofit organizations that are  
important to them and reflect our Company’s Core Values and 
community priorities. 
As we moved our corporate headquarters to Charlotte in 2020 and 
are continuing to fine-tune the New Glatfelter, we are committed to 
evaluating all aspects of our community engagement program. This 
includes ensuring we can have a meaningful, sustained impact in 
Charlotte, as well as enhancing the level of engagement and tracking 
progress at all Glatfelter locations around the world.  In 2019, Glatfelter recorded donations of ~$145,000  
to 24 organizations in communities where we operate. 
We recently contributed an additional $40,000 to two 
non-profits with social justice missions.
Engagement 
with Filipino 
CommunitiesIn the Philippines, we facilitate an abaca 
sustainability initiative aimed at improving 
people’s lives. Since its inception, the program 
has offered agricultural education, training and 
certification coordination for hundreds of local 
farmers, and it has established and supported 
a women’s handicraft group. The Philippines 
Team has also donated water, food and 
personal hygiene supplies to the Marawi  
Relief Operation and Relief Center.
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     18The pursuit of our vision to be the leading global supplier 
of engineered materials is supported by strong governance 
standards, the Glatfelter Code of Business Conduct ,  
and a variety of policies and principles,  
including a new, specific policy  
dedicated to human rights.
We believe that strong Corporate Governance  and 
holding ourselves accountable to the highest standards of 
Ethics and Integrity  are critical to effectively delivering 
value to our shareholders, employees, customers and 
other stakeholders. 
Corporate Governance
The Glatfelter Board of Directors and Management Team 
are dedicated to effective corporate governance. The 
Board-adopted Corporate Governance Principles  provide 
a framework for the Company’s governance. The Board 
also oversees implementation of the Company’s Code of 
Business Conduct .
B o a r d  o f  D ir e c t o r s
The Board currently consists of 10 members, who 
have dedicated themselves to the Company’s success. 
Members of our Board of Directors have diverse 
experience across a broad range of industries in the public 
and not-for-profit sectors. Their unique skills, qualifications 
and viewpoints strengthen and enrich the Board’s 
oversight on behalf of our shareholders. All Directors are 
elected on an annual basis by Glatfelter shareholders. In 
February 2020, Marie T. Gallagher, a senior executive with 
PepsiCo, was elected as a Director, bringing the Board’s 
gender diversity at the time of her appointment to 22%. 
In October 2020, Darrel Hackett, a senior executive with 
Bank of Montreal (BMO) Wealth Management – U.S., was 
elected as Director. We believe a diverse Board helps bring Governance and Ethics
unique perspectives to the organization, and we are committed to 
maintaining Board diversity. Board member bios can be found on our 
website at www.glatfelter.com/investors/corporate-governance/ .
Nine of our Board members are classified as independent directors 
and Dante Parrini, Glatfelter’s Chief Executive Officer, serves as our 
Chairman. The Board believes our CEO’s level of experience and in-
depth knowledge of Glatfelter’s business operations, strategic plan and 
overall capabilities make Mr. Parrini best qualified to serve Glatfelter and 
its stakeholders as Chairman. The Board also determined that when 
the same person serves as both Chairman and CEO, the interests of 
the Company and the shareholders are best served by appointment 
of an independent Lead Director. Kevin Fogarty, who joined the Board 
in 2012, is Glatfelter’s current independent Lead Director and is also a 
member of the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee. 
2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     19In our Corporate Governance Principles, the Board adopted the 
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) standards for determining the 
independence of directors, which require that a director not have a 
material relationship with the Company. Our nine independent directors 
meet these standards. All Board determinations regarding director 
independence are disclosed in our  Annual Shareholders Meeting  
proxy statement . 
The Board has a focused committee structure for the conduct of Board 
business as required for the operation of a publicly owned company. 
Currently, the Board relies on three active standing committees: 1) 
Audit Committee; 2) Compensation Committee; and 3) Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committee. 
Our commitment to sustainability and responsible corporate practice 
begins with our Board of Directors. Six of our ten directors have 
environmental/sustainability skills and experience, and all Board 
members have skills and experience in corporate governance, 
compliance and risk management. While the Board has always focused 
on these issues, in recent years, the focus on ESG has increased. The 
Board has had more frequent discussions around sustainability and our 
impact on environmental and social topics including climate issues,  
bio-based materials and sustainable solutions, waste reduction, 
employee health and safety, and diversity. 
E S G  S t e e r in g  C o m m it t e e
In 2019, Glatfelter formed a cross-functional ESG steering committee  
as part of our efforts to formalize our sustainability program under 
the ESG pillars. The primary role of the committee, which is co-led by 
the Legal and Investor Relations functions and supported by Human 
Resources, Supply Chain, Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS), 
Finance, and Marketing/Business Development, is responsible for 
setting the sustainability/ESG strategy and providing implementation 
support to Glatfelter’s businesses and facilities. The steering committee 
currently reports to the CEO and provides ESG updates at least twice 
a year to the Board. The Board also receives an annual update on 
Glatfelter’s EHS progress, with more frequent updates provided in 2020 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic.   Over the last two years, the ESG steering committee has made 
significant progress and continues to drive action across the Company. 
The steering committee successfully published our Sustainability Policy , 
led a materiality assessment to identify our ESG priorities, integrated 
the ESG strategy and progress to date into key disclosures, such as our 
website and proxy, and played an instrumental role in the publishing of 
this ESG report. 
Ethics and Integrity
Glatfelter PEOPLE respect each other, our business and all of our 
stakeholders, and this sentiment has helped us earn a reputation as a 
high-integrity company for more than 155 years. This is a remarkable 
accomplishment that we are very proud of and strive to preserve and 
strengthen as our organization continues to evolve. 

2019/2020 GLATFELTER ESG REPORT     20C o r e  V a lu e s  a n d  C o d e  o f  B u s in e s s  C o n d u c t
Our Core Values  have always been, and will continue to be, the 
cornerstone of our business, guiding our decisions and enabling our 
success. We believe these values – Integrity, Financial Discipline, Mutual 
Respect, Customer Focus, Environmental Responsibility and Social 
Responsibility – will help us achieve our vision to be the global supplier 
of choice for engineered materials. The Glatfelter Code of Business 
Conduct aligns with our values and defines appropriate conduct and 
behaviors for our organization. The Code is available on our website 
at www.glatfelter.com/wp-content/uploads/Governance-Code-of-
Conduct.pdf . 
Our Legal Department, which oversees our compliance function, 
reviews and updates the Code and also administers our compliance 
and ethics training programs. To reinforce our commitment, we provide 
compliance and ethics training for all salaried employees every quarter. 
We expect, and regularly achieve, 100% participation in the training 
by the completion deadline, and following the training, we require 
our employees to pass a test with a score of 80% or better. In 2020, 
in response to events that highlighted the injustices and inequalities 
present in our society, we committed to enhancing our compliance 
training by adding content that focuses on diversity and unconscious 
bias in the workplace. 
In addition, we have controls in place for our employees and outside 
partners to report and address critical concerns. Our Integrity Helpline 
provides an anonymous, confidential way to report a concern. It is free 
to use and is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, in multiple 
languages to support our global population. The Helpline is operated 
by an independent service provider, and callers can remain anonymous. 
Concerns can also be shared directly with our General Counsel or 
our Board of Directors’ Audit Committee Chair. In 2019, seven reports 
were made to the Helpline. Upon investigation, three of these seven 
instances were unsubstantiated and four resulted in corrective action 
including advice or counsel, training and education, or termination.
We also expect our suppliers to conduct their businesses in a way that 
protects people and the environment and complies with applicable 
Glatfelter policies and environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Our Supplier Code of Conduct makes clear our global 
expectations for how they conduct business with us and on our behalf. 
You can review our Supplier Code of Business Conduct on our website 
at www.glatfelter.com/suppliers/ .  
H u m a n  R ig h t s
In 2020, we officially adopted and published our Human Rights Policy 
on our intranet and Company website. This policy expands on the 
human rights language that has been part of the Glatfelter Code 
of Business Conduct and other employment policies for years. The 
publication of this policy is a recognition of the global importance  
of this issue to business, government and other stakeholders, and 
our commitment to continue to ensure that our business and our 
supply chain adhere to high ethical standards. The Glatfelter Human 
Rights Policy covers a range of topics, including safety and health, 
labor standards and prohibition of child labor, diversity and equal 
opportunity, and the right to water (access to safe drinking water).  
The policy is posted on our website at www.glatfelter.com/  
wp-content/uploads/GLT-Human-Rights-Policy .pdf.GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS  
Integrity
We act ethically and responsibly in all of 
our business endeavors at all times.
S o u rc e : “G u id in g  O u r C h o ic e s  fo r S u c c e s s ,” T h e  G la t fe lte r C o d e  o f B u s in e s s  C o n d u c t
Our Core Values  are at the heart of everything we do.  
They are the basis of our Code of Business Conduct and guide our choices.   
Making decisions based on our Core Values is what makes us who  
we are as a Company.
Financial Discipline
We are responsible for the prudent 
management of the resources entrusted to 
us and for the generation of financial value 
for all constituents.
Mutual Respect
We treat each other with honesty and respect. 
We recognize that what we have and what we will 
achieve is through the efforts of our employees. We 
will strive to provide you with rewarding challenges 
and opportunities for advancement.Customer Focus
We are dedicated to understanding and 
anticipating the needs of our customers and 
helping them achieve their business objectives.
Environmental Responsibility
We empower employees to take personal responsibility 
for environmental issues that arise on the job. We 
strive to prevent pollution by using natural resources 
efficiently, reducing waste, encouraging recycling and 
reuse, and reducing adverse environmental impacts 
relating to our operations, all with the goal to foster 
environmental sustainability worldwide for the benefit 
of future generations.Social Responsibility
We recognize our responsibility to contribute to 
the betterment of the communities in which we 
operate and the world in which we live.
GLATFELTER CORPORATION
4350 CONGRESS STREET
SUITE 600
CHARLOTTE, NC 28209
U.S.A.
WWW. GLATFELTER.COM
© 2020 Glatfelter Corporation