Header goes hereBody copy goes here.
2020 
Sustainability 
Report Published October 2021
Body copy goes here.2
In this sixth annual report, we continue to evolve how we approach and report on ESG 
matters. As each year passes, we are doing more and disclosing more when it comes to 
sustainability. In particular this year, our report is tailored to focus on issues that are most 
impactful for our business and stakeholders. 
By adopting new reporting standards and gathering stakeholder feedback, we strive to 
provide comparable ESG disclosures that shed light on the issues of most interest to our 
employees, stockholders, customers and communities. 
Our approach to ESG reporting is to be straightforward and plainspoken about what we 
are doing. We aim to set realistic goals and not overstate or obscure where we are in 
our process. That doesn’t preclude us from being aspirational in our thinking - we know 
to meet the great sustainability challenges the world faces will require innovation, new 
technologies and out-of-the-box thinking beyond what all of us are capable of today. Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
Letter from Chairman + CEO
3   
We know to 
meet the great 
sustainability 
challenges the 
world faces will 
require innovation, 
new technologies 
and out-of-the-box 
thinking beyond 
what all of us are 
capable of today.Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Chairman and CEO, Intercontinental Exchange
Chairman, New York Stock ExchangeLetter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
On the following pages, we provide updates on steps we are taking to mitigate our 
carbon footprint and increase our employee and board diversity, among other important 
topics. We also outline how we, as a business, are helping others do the same. From the 
carbon markets we operate, to the ESG data we provide investors, to the ways we help 
NYSE-listed companies enhance their ESG disclosures - we are making a significant 
impact that extends beyond the walls of our offices. 
Thank you for your interest in this report. We welcome your feedback as we continue to 
evolve how we approach and report on sustainability.
4Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
What’s new?
The following is a brief summary of environmental, social and 
governance highlights from 2020. A more comprehensive view 
of our ESG policies and metrics can be found in the ESG Data 
section of this report and on our website .
Approach
To ensure we fully understand the views of our stakeholders, we worked with a third-
party consultant to conduct a formal materiality analysis to gather feedback from our 
employees, customers, investors, suppliers and communities. 
Reporting standards
Reporting standards are a critical tool to help make consistent comparisons year to year 
and company to company. This year we added three reporting standards to enhance our 
disclosures:
•  Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) metrics for the exchange sector 
•  Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) aligned reporting 
• UN Sustainable Development Goals 
Environmental
We are publishing, for the first time, our greenhouse gas emissions, including full Scope 
1 and 2 emissions. We are also reporting Scope 3 emissions for items on which we can 
identify or approximate reliable data including employee business travel, commuting and 
waste. Having established this baseline, we are actively working to set reduction targets 
and expect to announce our plans next year. 
In the meantime, we are addressing all of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions, as well as those 
Scope 3 emissions that we can credibly calculate, through the purchase of verified 
carbon offsets and renewable energy certificates.
5Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
Social
While social factors do not always lend themselves to quantifiable data points, we 
are working to better capture our human capital management and other social efforts 
through metrics that can be tracked year to year. That includes:
•  New diversity disclosures for our employees and Board members
• Employee engagement and development metrics
•  ROI and demographic metrics for our investments in financial education
We are also reporting progress on our efforts to support under-served entrepreneurs, 
including black-owned businesses, increase diversity on boards at NYSE-listed 
companies, and give more to our communities as we continue to battle the challenges of 
COVID. Developments in 2020 include:
• Planning for launch of Entrepreneurship Bootcamp series
• New digital platform for NYSE Board Advisory Council
• Increase in employee charitable match
• $10 million in donations to COVID-related charities
6Approach
As we enter our third decade, the core competencies that have 
driven our evolution remain the same. From our start as a small 
business in Atlanta focused on a niche over-the-counter energy 
market, to the global data and technology company we are 
today, our purpose has remained: to connect people throughout 
our networks to opportunity by providing transparency, market 
efficiencies and insights.
While the terms “sustainability” and “ESG” were not ones we 
used 20 years ago, they represent concepts that have been a 
part of our company since the beginning. In recent years, our 
approach to managing ESG risks and opportunities and reporting 
them to our stakeholders has evolved and formalized, and will 
continue to do so. 
This section summarizes how we approach, manage and engage 
with our stakeholders on ESG matters.
Our  
purpose
Combine data, 
technology and 
expertise, to connect 
people to opportunity 
through our unique 
digital networks 
Governance
Board of Directors 
At the Board level, our directors are focused on ESG risks and opportunities at both the 
full board and on multiple committees. 
At the committee level, ESG falls under the mandate of the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee, which is charged with reviewing and assessing the company’s 
environmental, social and governance initiatives and making recommendations to 
the company to further its ESG goals ( NCGC Charter ). The Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee reviews ESG matters at two or more meetings each year. 
In addition to the mandate of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, 
certain ESG items are a focus for other committees including climate change at the Risk 
Committee and human capital management issues, including diversity and pay parity, at 
the Compensation Committee.Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
7Management 
Our strategy is guided by an ESG Governance Committee made up of senior officials 
from across the company including the President, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate 
Risk Officer, Human Resources Officer, Chief Regulatory Officer, General Counsel and 
Presidents of the NYSE, Fixed Income & Data Services, ICE Futures Europe, ICE Futures 
U.S. and ICE Mortgage Technology. This committee meets quarterly and communicates 
frequently between meetings to assess our ESG risks and opportunities across the 
company. 
Our ESG efforts are coordinated by our Vice President of Sustainability. 
In addition to these formal structures, several departments play a critical role in our 
approach to sustainability including the human resources, facilities, risk management 
and business continuity preparedness teams.
We continue to 
evolve and expand 
our ESG strategy 
and disclosures. 
We are focused 
on the issues that 
are material for 
our stakeholders 
and where we 
think we have the 
best chance to 
make a meaningful 
difference.
Brookly McLaughlin
Vice President of 
SustainabilityLetter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
8Environmental Social Governance
Tier 1: 
PrioritizeSupport continued 
development of environmental 
markets: 
Facilitate the development of 
environmental markets through 
data, technology and expertise 
and by offering new products and 
services.Human capital management: 
Ability to attract and retain global 
skilled talent. This includes 
acquisition of talent, retention, 
training and development, 
succession planning, responsible 
approaches to mergers and 
acquisitions, and active participation 
of employees in company activities, 
motivation and enthusiasm for 
their work and overall satisfaction. 
Fair and unbiased compensation 
structures, including equal pay for 
work of equal value.
Diversity & inclusion:  
Diverse representation across 
ICE’s workforce and maintaining an 
environment where employees feel 
welcomed, respected, supported, 
and valued to participate and 
succeed.Cybersecurity & data 
protection: 
Protecting information managed 
by ICE from unwanted parties and 
unauthorized access, such as 
security threats and cyberattacks. 
Ensuring customer, employee, and 
corporate data are being collected, 
analyzed, stored, shared and 
transferred in a secure manner 
that upholds privacy and protects 
personal data from unwanted 
parties.
Risk management & business 
continuity: 
Conducting ICE’s business in an 
ethical way that not only complies 
with all regulations, but also protects 
and builds the company’s reputation 
as a responsible business. This 
includes promoting competitive 
behavior; working against 
corruption and money laundering, 
extortion, and bribery; paying taxes, 
encouraging the use Stakeholder engagement 
To ensure we fully understand the views of our stakeholders, we worked with a third-party consultant to conduct a formal 
materiality analysis to gather feedback from our employees, customers, investors, suppliers and communities. We 
reached out to more than 100 of our internal and external stakeholders from across our business to identify what they 
view as our biggest ESG risks and opportunities.
The results of that exercise largely reaffirmed our earlier assessments of which ESG issues are of the highest 
importance to our business and stakeholders.
We identified 16 material issues for our assessment, drawing from a number of references: ESG ratings, ESG reporting 
frameworks and desktop research of peers and industry trends. The table below provides a summary of the results 
of this assessment and the relative prioritization of these issues. As we continue to enhance our ESG strategy and 
reporting, we will focus on management of these top issues as areas of significant opportunity for both our business 
and stakeholders. We will also continue to manage, monitor, and report on the other issues identified in this exercise 
and to periodically update this assessment to continually improve our strategy.Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
9Environmental Social Governance
Tier 1: 
Prioritizeof ethics hotlines and grievance 
mechanisms, etc. Identification 
and oversight of risks to exchange 
disruptions, including halts, pauses 
related to volatility, disaster recovery, 
systems performance issues, and 
systems service disruptions. The 
timely, accessible and accurate 
disclosure of performance, 
goals and policies related to the 
company’s ESG activities and 
impacts, and the use of such 
disclosures to drive change at a 
company or wider systems level.
Board diversity:  
Diversity of ICE’s Board of Directors.
Tier 2: 
ManageClimate risks, GHG disclosures, 
reduction targets: 
The physical and financial risks of 
climate change for ICE (e.g. extreme 
weather events, natural disasters; 
and increased energy costs), 
and ICE’s ability to recover from 
and manage climate risks across 
its operations and supply chain. 
Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
from ICE’s operations, including 
direct activities (Scope 1), purchased 
energy (Scope 2), and supply chain 
emissions (Scope 3). ICE’s total 
energy use and use of renewable 
energy in operations (including 
offices and data centers).Employee wellbeing, health & 
safety: 
Safety of ICE employees and visitors 
against workplace accidents and 
chronic or acute health impacts. 
Building a work environment where 
our associates feel fulfilled and 
productive, and supporting them and 
their families in leading healthy lives.Board independence:
Independence of ICE’s Board of 
Directors
ESG governance: 
Oversight of ESG issues at the 
highest level of the organization.
Supporting the ability of investors 
and other stakeholders to make 
more sustainable decisions through 
access to ESG data.
Lobbying, advocacy & policy 
influence: 
Transparency of lobbying efforts, 
and alignment between ICE’s 
ESG commitments and lobbying 
practices including efforts to 
influence public policy development 
through direct engagement 
or through multi stakeholder 
associations or initiatives.Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
10Environmental Social Governance
Tier 2: 
ManageNYSE issuer ESG engagement: 
Supporting the development of ESG 
strategy and reporting by corporate 
issuers through ESG reporting 
guidance, sharing of best practices, 
and other resources. Promoting 
open and timely communication of 
material information by issuers.
Executive compensation & 
incentives: 
Executive compensation and 
incentives tied to ESG metrics / 
nonfinancial performance goals and 
other incentives based on alignment 
with stakeholder benefits.
Tier 3: 
MonitorSupply Chain - Environmental 
Impact: 
Transparency and oversight in ICE’s 
procurement practices to ensure 
suppliers and purchased goods 
and services are environmentally 
responsible.
Water & waste: 
Water use, intensity, and disposal in 
ICE’s operations, including impacts 
on the local waterways and local 
environment. Operations in areas 
of high water stress and efforts to 
reduce water related risks. Solid 
waste generation and disposal 
in ICE’s operations, including 
appropriate disposal of e waste.Community engagement: 
Building long term value in 
communities where ICE employees 
live and work. Investing in local 
communities via charitable 
contributions. Partnering with groups 
who value diversity and working to 
enhance diverse representation 
across partner organizations. 
Supporting stakeholders to enhance 
understanding of finance, capital 
markets, responsible investing, 
compliance, and exchanges. 
This spans from financial literacy 
delivered to grade school and 
high school students to training for 
professional traders.
Supply Chain - Social Standards: 
Labor issues in the supply chain, 
such as working hours, health and 
safety, age of workers, remuneration, 
sexual harassment, human 
trafficking/modern slavery, freedom 
of association, and collective 
bargaining. This includes both 
materials suppliers and services 
suppliers (e.g. digital services, 
construction, janitorial, catering).Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
11Reporting
This report marks our 6th annual Corporate Responsibility Report, a document that 
has evolved each year to better capture the key issues of interest to our stakeholders. 
While the annual report is an important opportunity to measure progress over the 
previous year, it is also, by its very nature, a static document that is unable to keep up 
with developments taking place on an almost daily basis. For that reason, we use this 
document to highlight new developments and progress, but rely on our ESG website  to 
anchor our ESG reporting and provide an up-to-date view of where we are. 
This report covers the year 2020 across our approximately 9,000 employees who are 
based in 45 cities and more than 20 countries. In September of 2020, we acquired 
Ellie Mae, a mortgage technology company headquartered in California. We will fully 
incorporate Ellie Mae in our report covering full year 2021. Unless otherwise noted, Ellie 
Mae’s operations are not incorporated in this report.
Supply chain management 
In addition to steps we are taking within our own business, we are also looking into the 
impact we can have through our supply chain, including:
•  Vendor Onboarding  - Through our vendor onboarding and annual assessment 
processes we are collecting certain ESG data points to inform our decision making. 
•  Code of Conduct  - Our business partners and third parties are an extension of our 
organization. We expect that our suppliers, agents and business partners will follow 
ethical standards similar to our own when working with us or on our behalf. This 
means that we will consider terminating contracts with vendors or partners that do 
not meet our high standards or contractual obligations. 
•  Human  Rights  - Our Modern Slavery Act Policy reflects our commitment to acting 
ethically and with integrity in all ICE business relationships, and to implementing and 
enforcing effective systems and controls to ensure slavery and human trafficking is 
not taking place anywhere in our supply chains. Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
12ESG data
We report both metrics and narrative data across the 
environmental, social and governance issues most relevant for 
our company. 
In addition to our annual corporate responsibility reports and 
regular shareholder filings, we provide important information 
throughout our website on how we approach sustainability 
issues. We encourage our stakeholders to view these pages for 
additional details and the most up to date information. 
Resources
Sustainability website 
ESG Data 
Annual Report 
& Proxy 
Board of 
Directors 
Governance
Overview 
Modern Slavery
Act Statement 
Data Protection 
Security Reporting standards
This year we supplemented our reporting with three sustainability standards each 
providing a different context for looking at comparable information.
Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB)*  
SASB (recently renamed Value Reporting Foundation) calls for a relatively narrow set 
of metrics that are specific to the sustainability risks and opportunities inherent in a 
particular subsector - for example, Security and Commodity Exchanges. 
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 
The UN SDGs were adopted in 2015 to rally governments, companies and organizations 
around the world to work together to tackle the global community’s biggest problems 
including poverty, hunger and inequality. In this report, we list the SDGs with which we 
align ourselves.Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
13Environmental
Our ability to make a difference with respect to the environment includes (1) the steps 
we take to mitigate the impact our operations have on the environment, (2) our efforts 
to address and reduce the risks to our company from climate change, and (3) the 
opportunities created by our climate-related products and services across market 
infrastructure and data.
Addressing our footprint 
This year, for the first time, we are publishing our greenhouse gas emissions, including 
full Scope 1 and 2 emissions. We are also reporting Scope 3 items for which we can 
identify or approximate reliable data. We will continue to evolve our Scope 3 reporting as 
better data and modeling becomes available. Our calculations were done using the GHG 
Protocol and with assistance from a third-party firm with expertise in this area. Details are 
provided in the table below.
Having established a baseline, we are actively working to set reduction targets and 
expect to announce our plans in our Corporate Responsibility Report next year. 
In the meantime, as we started to do in 2019, we are taking steps now to fully address 
our Scope 1 and 2 emissions, as well as those Scope 3 emissions that we can credibly 
calculate, through the purchase of verified carbon offsets and renewable energy 
certificates.
Assessing climate risks and opportunities
TCFD
We are looking closely at the potential impact of climate change to our operations and 
are using a Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures style framework to 
assess those risks and opportunities. In this report we are including some initial TCFD-
aligned reporting and expect to continue adding to these disclosures in future reports. What’s new?
Scope 1, 2 and 3
emission disclosures Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
14Governance
As outlined earlier in this report, ESG matters are explicitly included in the mandate of the Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee and discussed regularly there as well as at the full Board level. Additionally, climate risks are discussed at our 
corporate Risk Committee as well as at the business unit level subsidiary boards across the company.
At the management level, our ESG Governance Committee meets quarterly and communicates frequently between meetings to 
assess our risks and opportunities across the company, including climate related risks. That committee includes the President, 
Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Risk Officer, Human Resources Officer, Chief Regulatory Officer, General Counsel and 
Presidents of the NYSE, Fixed Income & Data Services, ICE Futures Europe, ICE Futures U.S. and ICE Mortgage Technology. Our 
ESG efforts are coordinated by our Vice President of Sustainability with active roles across several teams including:
•  Risk:  Our global Enterprise Risk Management team, led by our Corporate Risk Officer, has developed an approach, based 
on the TCFD framework, to assess impacts of climate-related risks and issues in consultation with leadership across the 
organization. Analysis is provided to the ESG Governance Committee with the aim of providing a holistic climate change 
risk management approach as well as an evaluation of enterprise-wide risks and opportunities related to climate change. 
Additionally, Enterprise Risk Management personnel collaborate with decision makers throughout each of the functional 
business lines to ensure that climate risks and opportunities are being appropriately contemplated at all levels of the 
organization. Enterprise Risk Management’s approach to climate change risk is overseen by the ICE Risk Committee. 
•  Facilities:  Our facilities team is engaged in efforts to account for and reduce our greenhouse gas emissions across the 
organization.
•  Business Continuity:  The business continuity team regularly assesses the physical security of our locations to ensure we 
are able to continue meeting the needs of our customers.
•  Products and Services:  Our Sustainable Finance Product Steering Committee meets monthly on a formal basis and 
communicates daily on an informal basis on the creation of market tools and data that will help drive progress toward global 
climate goals.
Our Corporate Risk Officer reports to the Board’s Risk Committee each quarter. Our Vice President of Sustainability reports to the 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee at least twice each year. Both Committees report up to the full Board and ESG 
issues, including those related to climate, are further discussed there as warranted. 
Strategy
In line with the TCFD framework, our climate risk assessment includes the categorization of physical and transitional risks as well 
as consideration across the following horizons: short-term (approximately one year away); medium-term (approximately five years 
away); and long-term (approximately ten years away).
Risks and opportunities identified are also assessed in line with the time horizons based upon which they are deemed most 
likely to materialize should the risk be unmitigated, or the opportunity actioned upon. Because our businesses connect diverse 
market participants across a broad range of asset classes, risks and opportunities assessed are evaluated in conjunction with the 
business unit with which they are most closely associated.
Risks and opportunities we are focused on include:
Physical
• Operational & resilience – The resilience risk associated with a one-off weather event and how ICE may be impacted. 
•  Environmental evolution – Risks and opportunities presented to ICE as physical assets, underlying markets, products and 
customers are impacted by climate change.
Transitional
• Market change – Risks and opportunities presented to ICE as the markets we serve and products we offer evolve. 
•  Regulatory change – Risks and opportunities presented by changes in regulation that impact ICE customers, products and/or 
markets.Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
15Strategy
While we - like many companies - may have exposure to physical and transitional risk elements, it is the transitional risk 
components that may provide ICE with more significant opportunities and risks.  As a provider of market infrastructure and data, 
ICE has a significant role to play through the transition in facilitating price discovery, providing transparency through data and 
analysis, and ultimately enabling customers to manage risk. When assessing climate change risk, consideration is given to 
potential revenue, cost, regulatory, reputational, and operational impact. We consider extreme, but plausible scenarios as part 
of the approach to climate change risk management, including the consideration of more frequent and higher impact weather 
related events impacting our customers and the wider macro economy during transition. 
We expect to include additional details, such as a scenario analysis, in future reports.
Risk Management
Identifying and assessing risks
Our approach to identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks is informed by experts across our organization and 
draws on a vast array of resources both within and external to our organization. 
Enterprise Risk Management personnel engage with a comprehensive cross-section of management that oversee a wide 
range of the company, including, but not limited to sustainability, business operations, business continuity and disaster recovery, 
facilities, and management in client facing roles. Each of those conversations focuses on potential risks presented by a changing 
climate, as well as opportunities presented by changing consumer habits and marketplace preferences. 
As a leading data and technology company, we have access to a broad and diverse set of market participants and stakeholders. 
Communication with these stakeholders, including our NYSE-listed issuer community, participants in our futures markets and 
clearing houses and mortgage technology colleagues, has also informed our climate-related risks assessment.
Members of the Enterprise Risk Management team, in conjunction with experts across our organization, identified pertinent 
climate-focused risks and opportunities in alignment with the TCFD. As part of our company-wide Business Continuity and 
Disaster Recovery protocols, ICE regularly evaluates site facilities to assess environmental changes and the likelihood and 
potential affects that an interruption to critical business operations may have because of a natural disaster. Additionally, 
strategically diverse operational centers, employee distribution, and robust application and network security and operational 
protocols ensure we are prepared to serve our customers in all circumstances.
Managing risks
Once our teams identify a significant risk, we evaluate it using our internal Risk Rating Matrix, which assesses both the likelihood 
- across multiple time horizons - as well as potential impacts (evaluated by operational, reputational, financial, etc.). Each risk is 
assigned an overall score of very low, low, medium, high, or critical. Each risk is also assigned a “risk owner” with whom Enterprise 
Risk Management will work to ensure that each risk is appropriately mitigated and managed in accordance with its risk score. This 
evaluative process parallels how we think about and manage non climate-focused risks as well. 
Integration into overall risk management process
Risks identified through our Enterprise Risk Management processes are embedded into our overall risk management program, 
which has broad visibility and input from stakeholders across our organization. 
Risks are regularly evaluated on a company-wide basis. The frequency and methods by which risks are assessed are informed 
by a comprehensive strategy which factors in the nature of the risk, the risk score assigned to that risk should it be realized, the 
strength of the control regime associated with that risk’s profile, and the potential implications of that risk being realized. 
Additionally, each business that we operate evaluates climate-focused risks with specific implications for the business from 
dedicated senior management teams, as well as its specialized Boards of Directors and Risk Committees, where applicable.  Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
16Metrics & Targets
Transitional Risks
ICE uses a range of metrics bespoke to each of the risks it has identified in assessing:
• How market changes are evolving the risk management demand for our products; and
• Where regulatory changes may present new risks and opportunities.
Physical Risks
We look at a range of metrics to assess climate-related risks including energy consumption, waste management, and business 
travel. Our energy management efforts especially focus on our data centers, which account for a large portion of our electricity 
consumption and our greatest opportunities for mitigation.
Our data centers have implemented industry leading techniques to improve energy efficiency, reduce waste and offset operating 
emissions. The building structures provide a high level of insulation and minimize outside air infiltration, reducing solar heat gains, 
lowering thermal losses and delivering a more efficient cooling profile and lower energy demand.
The most commonly used and cited metric for data center energy efficiency is Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE). At our data 
centers, we have consistently delivered a PUE that has outperformed the base building design by up to 14% by implementing 
multiple mitigation tactics including: optimized thermal stratification, data center air management, high efficiency HVAC chillers, 
speed control on cooling equipment and automated lighting control systems.
Our Basildon data center was built to stringent specifications allowing us to attain the following ISO accreditations:
• ISO 9001
• ISO 14001
• BSEN 18001
• ISO 50001
Greenhouse gas emissions
Metrics Activity Emissions Unit
Scope 1 Fuel use (stationary) 958 tCO2e
Fuel use (mobile) 191 tCO2e
Refrigerants 3,419 tCO2e
Total 4,568 tCO2e
Scope 2 Electricity (location-based) 48,343 tCO2e
Electricity (market-based) 40,844 tCO2e
Steam 2,110 tCO2e
Total (location-based) 50,452 tCO2e
Total (market-based) 42,954 tCO2eLetter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
17Metrics & Targets
Greenhouse gas emissions
Metrics Activity Emissions Unit
Scope 3 Category 3: Fuel & energy-related activities 14,675 tCO2e
Category 5: Waste generated in operations 484 tCO2e
Category 6: Business travel 906 tCO2e
Category 7: Employee commuting 2,996 tCO2e
Total 19,061 tCO2e
Total Scope 1, 2, & 3  
(location-based)74,082 tCO2e
Total Scope 1, 2, & 3  
(market-based)66,584 tCO2e
* Includes Ellie Mae 
** Business travel includes flights; once better data is available additional modes of transportation will be included
Reduction targets
We expect to announce our plans for reduction targets in 2022.
In the meantime, we have purchased 137,238 Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) to match electricity consumption at our 
offices and data centers. Vintages and geographies were matched when available, including Green-e certified RECs to offset 
our US electricity consumption. We are also purchasing 26,000 tCO2e verified carbon offsets to match our reported Scope 1, 
Scope 2 (excluding Electricity-related emissions that are addressed through EAC purchases) and Scope 3 emissions.Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
18Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
Opportunities: ESG products and 
services
The establishment of transparent, market-based pricing systems and availability of data 
helps companies allocate resources and invest in new technologies and innovative, 
sustainable solutions. Through our data, technology and expertise, we help make that 
possible.
Exchanges
The exchanges we operate globally, across asset classes, are playing a critical role 
helping investors and businesses make more sustainable decisions. 
We were early investors in the development of global emissions markets with our 
acquisition of the Climate Exchange in 2010 and we continue to support market-based 
solutions to environmental challenges. 
Cap and trade emission and renewable energy markets 
ICE’s products provide open markets, price discovery and transparency, helping to 
create a price for carbon. Learn more
What are “cap and trade”
programs and how do 
ICE’s products support 
them? 
19ICE supports government-mandated markets through our secondary futures markets based in the EU, U.K. and North 
America. Annual carbon allowance trading on ICE is equivalent to approximately 40% of the world’s total annual 
emissions footprint based on current estimates. Our programs include the following:
Description ICE Role
European 
Emissions 
TradingThe EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS) is 
a cornerstone of the European Union’s policy 
to combat climate change and is a key tool for 
reducing industrial greenhouse gas emissions 
cost-effectively. Being the first — and largest 
— international system for trading greenhouse 
gas emission allowances, the EU ETS covers 
approximately 10,000 installations in the power 
sector and manufacturing industry, as well as 
airlines operating between EU countries.ICE Futures Europe lists futures and options 
contracts for EU allowances, EU aviation 
allowances, and Certified Emissions Reductions. 
Since launching in 2005, contracts accounting for 
more than 99 billion tons of carbon emissions have 
traded on the ICE platform. 
California Cap 
and Trade 
ProgramThe State of California passed a law in 2006 
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 
levels by 2020. The program, which covers large 
industrial emitters as well as electricity generators 
and importers, kicked off in 2013 and expanded to 
include transportation fuels in 2015. In 2014, the 
Canadian province of Quebec linked its carbon cap 
and trade program to California’s.ICE Futures U.S. lists futures and options contracts 
based on the California Carbon Allowances 
that form the basis of California’s cap and trade 
program. Since launching in August of 2011, market 
participants have traded contracts accounting for 
more than 5.7 billion tons of emissions related to 
California’s program on the ICE platform. 
Regional 
Greenhouse Gas 
InitiativeThe Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) was 
the first market-based greenhouse gas reduction 
program in the U.S. It launched in 2009 with 
participation from several states in the Northeast. 
Following a program review in 2012, RGGI set 
a new 2014 cap of 91 million short tons that will 
decline by 2.5% a year through 2020. RGGI 
states sell nearly all emission allowances through 
auctions and invest proceeds in energy efficiency, 
renewable energy and other consumer benefit 
programs. These programs are spurring innovation 
in the clean energy economy and creating green 
jobs in the RGGI states.ICE Futures U.S. lists futures and options 
contracts based on RGGI allowances and market 
participants have traded contracts accounting for 
more than 1.9 billion tons since trading began in 
2008 on the ICE platform. 
Renewable 
Energy 
CertificatesRenewable Energy Certificates (RECs) are used to 
track and account for the use of renewable energy 
including for the purposes of state-administered 
programs that require electric utilities to use a 
prescribed amount of renewable energy.ICE Futures U.S. lists futures and options contracts 
based on renewable energy programs run by the 
States of Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, 
New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Texas. Since 
launching trading of RECs in 2009, market 
participants have traded contracts accounting 
for more than 237 million certificates on the ICE 
platform. Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
20
The role of price discovery in the energy transition
Additionally, ICE’s futures markets provide price discovery across all forms of energy - 
from fossil fuels like oil and coal to renewable energy like wind and solar. The ability to 
price energy across that spectrum is necessary for the global economy to make the 
transition to cleaner fuels.  
How NYSE helps issuers navigate ESG 
To help issuers navigate the evolving ESG landscape, the NYSE provides resources and 
platforms for dialogue between issuers and investors. We do that through our network, 
global visibility platform, shared insights and investor engagement. Learn more
What are “green attribute”
markets and how do ICE’s
products support them? 
Sustainable investment opportunities
Our exchange-traded products also provide opportunities for investors to integrate ESG 
into their investment process through tools such as ESG index futures and ETFs. 
•  MSCI ESG Index futures – After launching MSCI ESG index-linked futures in late 
2019, we saw steady growth in trading throughout 2020, with strong pick up in open 
interest taking place in 2021 
•  NYSE-listed ESG ETFs – We listed six new ESG ETFs at the NYSE during 2020; ESG 
ETFs listed on NYSE Arca had $5.84 billion in cash inflow throughout the course of 
2020 NYSE ESG Guidance
Our best practices for sustainability reporting aim to help NYSE-listed companies 
navigate the world of ESG reporting and disclosure. They are not mandatory, nor 
intended to replace existing disclosure frameworks and standards. Rather, our aim  
is to facilitate companies moving forward on their ESG disclosure by highlighting  
key elements of good quality reporting and drawing attention to useful resources,  
including those provided by the NYSE’s ESG advisory team. 
Learn more  Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
21Fixed Income & Data Services
ESG is a growing area of focus across our fixed income and data services business, 
including new products to help the buyside make more sustainable decisions about 
where they are investing. 
ESG reference data
Part of our broader reference data offering, this service includes detailed ESG attributes 
and indicators for more than 4,000 publicly-traded companies based in the U.S. and 
across Europe.  
Climate risk in the muni bond market
Climate-related events have been model inputs used by insurance companies since 
the early 1990s. With rising sea levels and increases in the frequency and destructive 
power of hurricanes, floods, droughts and wildfires, investors in the municipal finance 
sector increasingly need a combination of catastrophe and climate change scientific 
data to add to risk models. ICE’s climate risk data applies geospatial climate, economic 
and demographic data to specific municipalities and securities. This new level of 
transparency allows municipal market participants to make informed investment 
decisions on recently issued bonds or securities that may have high climate risk 
exposure in an existing portfolio. 
ESG indices
ICE Data Indices has a range of solutions to support the growing demand for responsible 
and sustainable investing. These include fixed income sustainable benchmarks that 
account for a variety of ESG factors, thematic equity indices with ESG overlays and a 
family of indices that track the global carbon futures markets.  Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
22Social
Human capital management
Highly capable and engaged teams living in healthy and thriving communities are 
critically important to our ability to grow and innovate. 
Culture
Our culture is based on a set of core values that govern how we interact with each 
other and approach our work on a daily basis. These values form the framework for our 
employee development programs and are embedded into our performance review 
process.
Employee engagement
We use a mix of channels to gather input from employees throughout our organization. 
Formal methods include our biennial employee survey and a formal annual review 
process. Additionally, we cultivate an environment that encourages constant 
conversations across and within teams to provide informal and real-time feedback loops 
at all levels. 
Survey
We conducted our biennial employee survey in November of 2020. As in past surveys, 
our questions were framed around the core values that form the basis of our culture.
Participation in the 2020 survey was 71%, up from 60% in 2018. Overall employee 
engagement was 85%, measured by agreement with the commonly cited benchmark 
statement: “Overall, I would recommend ICE to a friend as a good place to work.” On 
average, responses were overwhelmingly positive and reinforced our focus on areas 
such as employee development for continued investment. Our next survey will be 
conducted in 2022.Our core 
values
Integrity and 
professionalism  
We hold ourselves and 
each other to the highest 
standards
Collaboration
We work as one team 
focused on a common 
set of objectives and 
committed to each others’ 
success
Communication  
We communicate clearly, 
constructively and 
frequently
Leadership
We lead by example
Problem-solving
We focus on identifying 
and solving our 
customers’ needs and 
make well-informed,  
quick decisions2020 ResultsLetter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
Participation rate   71%
Employee engagement  85%
Overall positive responses   81%
23Employee development
Employee development is an area where we have increased our focus and investment 
over the past few years. In 2020, we created our first employee development director 
position to build upon our existing employee development programs, transition them to 
virtual settings where they were not already, and develop new ones tailored to our needs 
as a growing company. 
That work in 2020 led to refinements of our existing programs as well as the launch 
in 2021 of several new programs, which we’ll report on further in our Corporate 
Responsibility Report next year. 
Our current offering includes the following components:
Required training 
•  All employees and contractors are required to complete training at least annually 
on several of our compliance, security, human resource, and business continuity 
policies.
•  All new hires are required to attend a business overview session during their first 
quarter to learn more about the full breadth of our business, as well as our culture, 
values and history.
•  Employees hired into, or promoted to, manager, director and senior director positions 
are required to complete a series of courses focused on people management skills, 
HR policy, hiring, and unconscious bias.  
On-demand resources 
•  We have over 1,000 online courses available on an on-demand, when-needed basis 
that cover topics from technical skills to soft skills.
Opt-in career and professional development
•  We offer several leadership development programs that employees can opt into or 
be nominated for. These programs include multiple sessions over the course of six 
months or more with a mix of assessments, third-party instruction, peer-learning 
discussions and presentations by internal subject matter experts.
•  Employees at all levels can enroll in one-off or limited-series interactive sessions on 
a range of development topics throughout the year including: communication skills, 
emotional intelligence, teamwork, managing your personal brand, building credibility, 
preparing to lead and mapping your career.
Job-related skills and corporate education
•  Additional training programs are available, and in many cases mandated, for specific 
jobs that require technical training and product knowledge.Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
What’s new?
Employee engagement
and development
metrics 
ROI and demographic
metrics for our
investments in
financial education 
Entrepreneurship
Bootcamp series 
New digital platform
for NYSE Board
Advisory Council 
Increase in employee
charitable match 
$10 million in
donations to COVID-
related charities  
24In 2020:
•  All employees and contractors were required to complete training on our policies 
covering:
 – Code of Conduct
 – Anti-Harassment
 – Cybersecurity
 – Business Continuity Planning
 – Physical Security Procedures
•  Additionally, relevant job types and business units were required to complete 
specific training that covered topics such as anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, 
hiring manager practices, data governance and regulatory compliance. 
•  Approximately 200 employees hired into or promoted to manager, director 
and senior director levels completed an eight-month program covering people 
management skills and an overview of our business.
•  Nearly 2,000 employees accessed our online training portal and completed 
approximately 13,000 hours of optional training.
•  More than 500 new hires completed our new hire business overview covering ICE’s 
business, culture, values and history.
Turnover
As a result of our company’s M&A activity, we have seen significant increases and 
decreases in our headcount related to acquisitions and divestitures. With over 30 
acquisitions and a few notable divestitures since our company was founded in 2000, we 
have developed a robust methodology to quickly address unique employee concerns 
that arise in an M&A setting and one that guides new employees into the ICE ecosystem 
in a supported manner. These acquisition onboarding methodologies are similar to 
our new hire onboarding methodologies in that they address the wide spectrum of 
important topics ranging from learning about our business, understanding our culture, 
understanding our policies and making meaningful connections.
Additionally, we pay close attention to our voluntary attrition rates and believe it's an 
important indicator. In recent years, that rate has remained under 10%, which is below 
relevant and comparable benchmark levels in both the finance and technology sectors:
2020 5.49%
2019
20188.34%
9.39%
2017 7.7 1%Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
25Benefits 
We offer health and welfare benefits — such as medical, dental, vision, life and disability 
insurance — that are competitive and relevant in the regions where we operate. All 
employees are eligible for paid time off in line with industry and local norms. That 
includes parental leave, which in most cases exceeds legally-required amounts. 
Through Employee Assistance Plans in most of our locations we provide free and 
discounted counseling services for dealing with stress, traumatic life events or mental 
health issues as well as general wellness programs. 
We offer top-tier retirement savings programs, which include an employer match 
program in the U.S., and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan available in nearly all our 
locations.
Diversity
Our approach to diversity is focused on three pillars: our employees, Board of Directors 
and our network. 
Employees
Throughout our ranks, we are working to increase diversity with an objective that our 
employee population reflects the broader communities where our offices are based.
•  Pay Parity: We take a systemic approach to pay parity to ensure it is fair irrespective 
of gender or race, including conducting formal reviews of compensation on a “like for 
like” job basis.
•  Training: Our training in support of diversity spans the spectrum of anti-harassment 
and anti-bias training for employees, to driving retention and development through 
our leadership and management training programs.
•  Hiring: We take several steps to enhance diversity through our hiring process 
including diverse interviewers and outreach to diverse candidate pools on all 
positions.
•  Accountability and transparency: We began publishing our EEO-1 data for U.S. 
employees in 2019 and have now added similar data for our U.K. employee 
population. 
 EEO-1 Reports: 2018 , 2019 , 2020Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
26US Employees
Officers Executives Management Staff
Gender
Female 25% 28% 30% 31%
Male 75% 72% 70% 69%
Race / Ethnicity
Black 3% 4% 5% 8%
Hispanic or Latino 3% 3% 4% 6%
Asian 12% 23% 32% 34%
White 82% 69% 57% 50%
Other 0% 1% 2% 2%
UK Employees
Officers Executives Management Staff
Gender
Female 20% 30% 27% 29%
Male 80% 70% 73% 71%
Race / Ethnicity
Black 0% 5% 4% 7%
Hispanic or Latino N/A N/A N/A N/A
Asian 10% 20% 21% 25%
White 90% 69% 69% 61%
Other 0% 6% 6% 7%
*  Data as of September 1, 2021. To align with U.S. government reporting requirements, data uses the traditional gender categories of male and 
female.
** Our U.S. and U.K. based employees total approximately 80% of our total employee population.Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
27Board of Directors
Our Board refreshment efforts continue to focus on diversity. In 2020, we added three 
new directors to our Board, two of whom are female. As of May 2021, our Board is 42% 
female and three of our directors self-identify as people of color.
Broader network
Our ability to help increase diversity through our broader network is a good example of 
our company purpose - using our data, technology and expertise to connect people 
to opportunity. Two ways we are focused on doing that are the NYSE Board Advisory 
Council and our Entrepreneur Bootcamps. 
•  NYSE Board Advisory Council - The council was established in 2019 to help 
companies increase diversity on their boards. A commonly cited challenge to 
board diversity is a lack of access to diverse candidate pools. Through the NYSE 
Board Advisory Council, we have created a pool of CEO-vetted, board-ready 
candidates for management teams to tap into. In 2020, we grew the pool by 79% 
and developed digital components on the platform to help nurture candidate-to-
candidate networking opportunities, as well as enable board leaders to easily search 
candidates by criteria. We’ve received 295 requests to access that platform since 
2019. 
•  Entrepreneur Bootcamps - In 2020, we began working on a series of bootcamps 
that launched in early 2021 to support underserved communities, including black-
owned businesses, with educational opportunities and resources for growing their 
companies. Total number of 
directors
12
Gender
Female 5
Male 7
Did not 
disclose0
Race / Ethnicity
Black 2
Hispanic 
or Latino 0
Asian 1
White 8
Other 1
Did not 
disclose0Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
28Charitable giving
Financial Education
The goal of financial education is financial wellbeing for individuals and communities, 
regardless of background or resources. We support programs that provide resources to 
help build these skills with a focus on underserved communities.
NYSE Future Investors Program – We work with digital education provider Everfi 
to underwrite financial education programs in high schools and grade schools across 
Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, New York and the Bay Area in California. The curriculum was 
developed by learning experts and is delivered digitally with teacher training at no cost to 
the schools. Results for the 2020-2021 school year include:
•  4,669 students reached at 67 schools, with 63% of those schools in low-to 
moderate income communities
•  4,507 hours of learning contributing to a 42% increase in knowledge in high school 
students and 47% increase in knowledge in grade school students (based on 
assessments taken before and after course completion)
•  For student populations where demographic data is available (i.e., for those 13 and 
older), 38% of those participating self-identified as Black / African American and 
19% Hispanic / Latinx; 51% self-identified as female
Young Money  – In the United Kingdom, we are working with a program called Young 
Money to help primary schools become Centres of Excellence in Financial Education. 
This designation includes teacher training and the creation of a detailed financial 
education curriculum integrated across classes. Our funds are underwriting six schools 
to achieve this certification. Two of the six schools we sponsor were awarded with 
Certifications of Financial Education Excellence in 2021: 
• Rossett Acre Primary School
• Cheam Park Farm AcademyLetter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
29Junior Achievement  – We support several Junior Achievement programs, including 
a national leadership summit and New York-based business plan competitions for high 
school students and financial literacy programs for middle school students in the greater 
Atlanta area.
•  New York – Sponsorship of the 2020 Business Plan Competition with nearly 500 
students from 16 schools taking part. 
•  Georgia – Sponsorship of four-week classroom curriculum covering financial literacy, 
business, entrepreneurship and career readiness and a full-day simulation exercise 
where students are assigned a job, income, education, and family scenarios so 
they can practice making decisions such as managing a household budget, using 
banking services and determining investment options. This program reached 2,000 
students in metro Atlanta. 
•  National Student Leadership Summit - Sponsorship of the Best Financial 
Performance Award. 
COVID-related giving
Additionally, given the high demands for assistance around the world in 2020, we took 
steps to support our communities including $10 million in donations to COVID-related 
charities based in over 35 cities where we have offices. 
Employee charitable match
We match charitable contributions for all employees and increased our annual limit to 
$3,500 in 2020. 
• More than $450,000 in employee donations were matched in 2020
• More than 400 employees took advantage of the match
• Nearly 1,000 donations were matched going to just under 500 charitiesLetter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
30Governance
At the Board level, our directors are focused on ESG risks and opportunities at both the  
full board and on multiple committees. 
Board refreshment
In continuation of our refreshment efforts, the Board of Directors added Caroline Silver, 
Shantella Cooper and Mark Mulhern to the Board of Directors in 2020. These three 
new directors enhance the skill sets of the Board by adding merger and acquisition, 
technology, risk, human resources and financial expertise while also further improving  
our diversity. 
Six out of twelve directors have a tenure of five years or less as of September 2021; these 
directors bring fresh perspectives that are balanced by the institutional knowledge of 
longer-tenured members of our Board.
Our three new directors completed a robust onboarding process that includes training  
on topics such as cybersecurity, compliance and ethics, risk management, human  
capital management and each area of our business. 
Compensation
We continue to maintain a well-balanced and performance-based executive 
compensation program, including: 
•  More than 87% of named executive officer (NEO) targeted compensation delivered 
through variable, performance-based compensation programs
•  More than 64% of NEO targeted compensation delivered through equity 
compensation programs
•  Continued emphasis on shifting toward multi-year performance measures within 
equity compensation programs
•  Annual cash bonus opportunity and performance stock units (PSUs) capped at  
200% of the established target opportunity
• Mandatory and competitive stock ownership requirements
• A robust compensation clawback policy
• Anti-hedging and anti-pledging policy requirements
•  Change in control protection that requires a “double-trigger” (i.e., there must be a 
change in control and a termination of the executive’s employment) for payment to  
be provided
•  No “golden parachute” excise tax gross-up provisions in employment agreements 
with our NEOs
•  ESG items including human capital management, diversity initiatives and sustainability 
issues are factors in determining the non-financial performance for our CEO and CFO What’s new?
New Board diversity
disclosures 
Additional disclosures
on political advocacy 
ESG KPIs for CEO and
CFO 
Source: ProxyLetter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
31COVID oversight
Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, our directors have overseen the 
company’s response to COVID-19 and received periodic reports from our senior 
management team. 
Advocacy
Consistent with a growing focus on political accountability and transparency, we 
increased the reporting on our website to include all trade associations to which we pay 
$25,000 or more in annual dues.
We continue to prohibit the use of corporate funds to make contributions to any 
candidates, political committees or other entities organized primarily for political activities 
under section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code or under 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue 
Code, or to any political party that would use the money to support any candidates. Our 
policies also prohibit direct independent expenditures as defined by the Federal Election 
Commission.
Our Board of Directors has oversight of the company’s policies related to political and 
campaign contributions and other political expenditures with explicit authority in the 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter.
Risk management
Strategy & Oversight
Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing ICE’s risk management process, 
which includes management of general operational risks, as well as particular risks 
facing our various businesses. With the assistance of our Audit and Risk Committees 
and our Subsidiary Boards, the Board oversees that our assets are properly safeguarded, 
that appropriate financial and other controls are maintained, and that our business 
is conducted prudently and in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and our 
corporate governance guidelines.
We have an Enterprise Risk Management team, led by the Corporate Risk Officer. The 
team includes regional Risk Officers that oversee each business unit.
We employ a three-lines model to enterprise risk management, a concept endorsed by 
the Institute of Internal Auditors. This framework helps ensure strong redundancies and 
preparation.Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
32•  The first line is comprised of management and is responsible for the day-to-day 
operation of the business and the associated risks.
•  The second line serves an oversight and challenge function from a risk perspective 
and includes our Enterprise Risk Management, Legal & Compliance, Financial 
Controls, Human Resources and Information Security Assurance teams.
•  Internal Audit is the third line and serves to provide an independent check and 
additional assurances that risks are anticipated and mitigated.
Cybersecurity and Data Protection
ICE ensures both the physical and digital security of our markets, clearing houses and 
data through industry-leading security technology and processes. Our Information 
Security Department consists of diverse and skilled teams that work to protect 
confidential data and systems from unauthorized access, misuse, disclosure, 
destruction, modification or disruption.
• Detailed cybersecurity policies are reviewed at least annually.
•  Employees are required to complete security awareness training upon hire and 
annually thereafter; training modules require employees to read and provide 
acknowledgement of the Corporate Information Security Policy.
• Dedicated Cybersecurity team is led by Chief Information Security Officer.
•  Board oversight is led by the Risk Committee with at least quarterly security briefings 
from senior management.
•  Information security is considered a core skillset and is part of every employee’s 
annual performance review.
• Reporting a security concern can be done easily from our website here .
•  Information Security Assurance regularly conduct tests utilizing various methods to 
verify compliance with written polices and to assess vulnerabilities. In addition, ICE 
teams are subject to examinations from Internal Audit and multiple regulatory bodies.
•  Service Organization Control (SOC) audits are performed annually to produce 
independent verification and testing of ICE controls for external parties and auditors 
that rely on ICE. The scope of these reports is evaluated each year and tailored in 
response to customer feedback and business developments. These reports are 
available to any customer via the TPRM Portal . 
Business Continuity
Our crisis management team handles our end-to-end response to any potential 
issues and regularly conducts global drills to ensure our processes are ready to be 
implemented. All mission-critical functions are tested for responsiveness and business 
continuity. Following each acquisition of a new company, this process is reviewed to 
ensure crisis management procedures are in place across our entire organization.
Employees are trained annually on our business continuity procedures to ensure 
readiness and understanding.SASB
Learn moreNumber of data breaches, 
percentage involving 
personally identifiable 
information (PII), number of  
customers affected  
FN-EX-550a.
Description of efforts to 
prevent technology errors, 
security breaches, and 
market disruptions  
FN-EX-550a.
ice.com/security 
ice.com/data-
protection Letter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
33Ethics & Compliance
Our Board and management team sets the tone from the top for our culture and hold 
all employees and consultants accountable for operating ethically and in compliance 
with labor laws, financial regulations and other standards that apply to our businesses. 
We provide the relevant tools, resources and training to help employees succeed and 
to recognize ethical decision-making. Our Global Compliance team is led by the Vice 
President for Compliance, who reports to the General Counsel.
Our compliance policies are approved by the Board’s Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee and reviewed regularly and assessed for effectiveness. All 
employees globally, including contractors, are trained, tested and must attest that they 
have read and understand the policies upon hire and annually thereafter. Test scores 
are assessed to ensure understanding. Any breach of our policies is investigated and 
appropriate actions are taken which may include termination of employment. 
Procedures are in place requiring that gifts, meals and entertainment given to or received 
from a business partner or government official above certain thresholds must be 
reported to and approved by the compliance department.
We have a Protected Disclosure Hotline (formerly known as the Whistleblower Hotline) 
which can be accessed easily through both external and internal resources. We use 
EthicsPoint as our third-party service provider. Inquiries can be made anonymously 
subject to the laws of the country the employee is based in. Every inquiry is fully 
investigated and actions are taken as appropriate.
ethicspoint.com  / (866) 294 4493SASB
PoliciesNumber of significant 
market disruptions and 
duration of downtime  
FN-EX-550a.
Description of efforts to 
prevent technology errors, 
security breaches, and 
market disruptions  
FN-EX-550a.
Code of Business 
Conduct
Personal Trading Policy
Anti-Bribery Policy
Reporting and  
Anti-Fraud Policy
Anti-Money Laundering 
and Sanctions Policy
Business Gifts, Meals and 
Entertainment PolicyLetter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
34Thank you for your interest in our ESG data and approach to sustainability. We will 
continue providing updates throughout the year on our website and encourage you to 
contact us with any questions at ESG@ice.com .ConclusionLetter from Chairman + CEO What’s  new? Approach ESG data Conclusion
Disclaimer and Forward-Looking Statements  
The information and opinions contained in this report are provided as of the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (“ICE”) 
does not undertake to update or revise any such statements. This report represents current ICE policy and intent and is not intended to create legal rights or obligations. This 
report may contain or incorporate by reference public information not separately reviewed, approved, or endorsed by ICE and no representation, warranty, or undertaking is 
made by ICE as to the accuracy, reasonableness, or completeness of such information. Inclusion of information in this report is not an indication that the subject or information 
is material to ICE’s business or operating results.
Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 -- This report contains certain statements that may be deemed “forward- looking statements” 
within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  All statements other than statements of historical or current facts, including statements regarding our plans, 
initiatives, projections, goals, commitments, expectations, or prospects, are forward-looking. We use words such as aim, anticipate, believe, commit, drive, estimate, ensure, 
expect, goal, intend, may, mission, plan, project, seek, strategy, strive, target, and will, and would or similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
statements reflect management’s current expectations and inherently involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to a variety of factors, including 
assumptions not being realized, scientific or technological developments, evolving sustainability strategies, changes in carbon markets, evolving government regulations, our 
expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions, or other changes in circumstances, as well as the risk factors set forth in ICE's Annual Report 
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 4, 2021, and subsequent filings. The standards of 
measurement and performance contained in the report are developing and based on assumptions, and no assurance can be given that any plan, initiative, projection, goal, 
commitment, expectation, or prospect set forth in this report can or will be achieved.