2020 Environmental, 
Social, and Governance
Summary Report
This ESG Summary Report contains disclosure of relevant 
ESG (environmental, social, and governance) metrics to 
Kimball International’s business, as well as those included 
in the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board® (SASB) 
standards for the Building Products and Furnishings sector. 
We also aligned the disclosures in this report with the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). We are 
committed to employing sustainable business practices that 
are integrated into our strategy and culture. Our employees, 
customers, and communities have shaped our culture, and 
we believe that together we can create a better world. This 
document covers ESG disclosures for Kimball International 
for the period Jan. 1, 2020 through Dec. 31, 2020, unless 
otherwise noted. All disclosure excludes the Company’s recent 
Poppin, Inc. acquisition which closed in mid-December 2020.

The Kimball International 
brands come together as 
a design-driven product 
innovation leader that 
aligns its business units 
to winning in Workplace, 
Health and Hospitality end 
markets through diverse 
product offerings, focus on 
the customer and broad 
channels of distribution, 
including eCommerce. Dare to be Makers of Possibility
Cultivating connection with our 
employees, our customers, our 
shareholders, and our communities.
Driving sustaining share growth 
with our distinct brands and 
our end market expertise. For over 70 years, we’ve combined a culture of 
caring and belonging with our craft of building 
design-driven commercial furnishings. We 
seize opportunities to transform ourselves 
and meet the needs of those we serve.
As a leading omnichannel commercial 
furnishings company, we create customized 
solutions and personalized services. Turning 
ordinary spaces into meaningful places.
Our Family of Brands: Kimball, 
National, Etc., Poppin, Interwoven, 
Kimball Hospitality, and D'style
Our four market-facing business units:  
Workplace, Health, Hospitality and eBusinessAbout Us
Our Purpose
Our Mission
Our Business3
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Activity Metrics
NUMBER OF MANUFACTURING PLANTS
OWNED & LEASED AS OF DECEMBER 31MANUFACTURING SQUARE FOOTAGE
OWNED & LEASED AS OF DECEMBER 31FULL TIME EMPLOYEES
AS OF DECEMBER 31NET SALES—FISCAL YEAR4
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
At Kimball International, corporate social 
responsibility is built into the fabric 
of our company’s long-held Guiding 
Principles and our authentic purpose 
to “Dare to be Makers of Possibility.”ESG Program Objectives
A philosophy of giving back to our communities 
is just part of our value system. Since 1950, 
Kimball International has proudly been ahead of 
its time in many actions we have taken to protect 
the safety and well-being of our employees, 
to improve the quality of life in our operating 
communities, and to promote the responsible 
use and preservation of our natural resources. 
Because our company was established in a 
small town, and as it grew, expanded operations 
into several other small towns, we have always 
had a special understanding of what social 
responsibility really means. Because we live 
and work in our communities, it was always just 
as important to Kimball International as to our 
neighbors that we protect our environment, 
that we treat everyone with respect, and that we 
contribute to the local quality of life. As stated 
in our long standard Guiding Principles, “The environment is our home. We will be leaders in 
not only protecting but enhancing our world.”
We are committed to being responsible 
stewards of the environment, maintaining a 
diverse and caring culture with an emphasis 
on employee safety and wellbeing, and having 
strong corporate governance practices. 
We strive to be a good corporate citizen by 
focusing on improving the quality of people’s 
lives including our employees, our customers, 
and the communities in which we operate. 
We will focus our energies on impactful 
strategies and actions to ensure that our 
people, processes, and products are always 
focused on doing what’s right for our world.5
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Kimball International is 
committed to conducting 
business operations in 
ways that minimize our 
environmental footprint 
and use of natural resources 
while positively impacting 
the communities we serve.
Protecting our natural resources and utilizing environmentally responsible 
business practices have long been key components of our corporate 
purpose. In 2002, Kimball International opened a ground-breaking 
recycling center that allowed us to increase recycling capacity and 
reduce waste accumulation in our facilities. Kimball International’s 
current sustainability practices include initiatives to reduce water usage, 
solid waste generation, VOC emissions, hazardous waste materials, and 
greenhouse gas emissions. We continue to challenge ourselves to set 
aggressive environmental goals, and measure against those benchmarks. Environment
Senior management approves our Environmental 
Policy minimally on an annual basis.Environmental Policy
To ensure we properly manage environmental 
risks, we maintain management systems 
such as ISO 14001. As of December 31st, 
of each year, the following number of 
manufacturing sites were ISO 14001 certified:
Indiana and Kentucky manufacturing 
sites participate in voluntary reporting 
programs. Annual initiatives that drive 
reduced environmental impacts include:
Indiana - Environmental Stewardship Program
Indiana - Partners for Pollution Prevention
Kentucky - KYEXCEL ProgramEnvironmental  
Management System
58% OF
OPERATIONS7 OF 12
80% OF
OPERATIONS8 O F 10
58% OF
OPERATIONS7 OF 126
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Climate Change and Energy
Topic1 2020 2019 2018
Energy Management in Manufacturing 
SASB-CG-BF-130a.1Energy consumption metrics include electric, natural gas, propane, and renewable energy (converted total unit of measure to kWh)
Absolute energy use (kWh) 103,705,981 120,009,625 118,299,224
Energy intensity (kWh/units) 30.9 29.0 23.5
Percentage grid electricity 34.5% 34.6% 38.5%
Percentage renewable energy2 20.5% 18.5% 11.9%
Energy efficiency efforts As energy use at our manufacturing plants is our greatest environmental impact over which we have direct control, the 
company engages in project related efforts to reduce energy consumption. These include specific initiatives such as:
• Conducting regular air leak audits and energy assessments.
• Implementing variable speed drives (VSDs) on compressors.
•  Consolidating output of under-utilized work centers enabling us to operate in a smaller energy footprint while maintaining production levels.
• Replacing lighting to low energy, more efficient alternatives. 
•  Maintaining thermostats at a specific level that allows for employee comfort without overheating/overcooling facilities.
• Coating facility roofs white to control heat build-up.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 2020 2019 2018
Scope 1 emissions MTCO2e 8,076 8,610 10,309
Scope 1 emissions intensity MTCO2e/unit produced 0.00219 0.00208 0.00205
Scope 1 emissions intensity MTCO2e/employee 5.38 4.42 5.077
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 2020 2019 2018
Scope 2 emissions (metric tons CO2e) 34,450 43,475 47,763
Scope 2 emissions intensity MTCO2e/unit produced 0.00936 0.01050 0.00948
Scope 2 emissions intensity MTCO2e/employee 22.967 22.340 23.517
Avoided Emissions from Recycling3 (metric tons CO2e) 1,910 2,215 2,470
Avoided Emissions from Recycling3 Intensity MTCO2e/unit produced 0.000519 0.000535 0.000490
Avoided Emissions from Recycling3 Intensity MTCO2e/employee 1.273 1.138 1.216
Emissions reductions efforts Our primary strategy for decreasing greenhouse gas emissions is to consume less energy. We continually identify 
and implement energy efficiency projects and our environmental team analyzes monthly energy data, identifies 
candidate energy projects, shares best practices, and works together to reduce energy consumption.
As of 2020, we have four showrooms that have achieved LEED certification:
• One Showroom in Boston – LEED Silver
• Two Showrooms in Chicago – LEED Silver
• One Showroom in Dallas – LEED Gold
Additionally, Kimball International is an EPA SmartWay Transport Partner, illustrating our commitment to 
fleet efficiency across our value chain, as a means to reduce our environmental footprint.
 Short-term goals are established within our Environmental Management System to reduce energy consumption. We are currently working to 
develop long-term climate and energy targets. We report our environmental metrics to CDP, for which we will receive a public score in 2021. 
1  These metrics exclude immaterial operations including those recently acquired or divested.  
2020 also excludes the acquisition of Poppin, Inc. which occurred in December 2020. 
2  Renewable energy comes from biomass produced on-site from a mix of certified and non-certified wood waste.
3  Avoided emissions from recycling refers to a reduction in emissions within our value chain that would have otherwise 
occurred if the waste had been sent to landfill or other waste treatment method. We track emissions from waste generated 
in operations in our Scope 3 GHG inventory, which due to our recycling efforts, results in a calculation of avoided emissions.2021 Intensity Goal:  
Achieve a 2% reduction in 
GHG emissions per unit 
from the 2019 base year.8
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
WATER CONSUMPTION
(cubic meters)
WATER INTENSITY
(cubic meters/unit produced)36,257 m/three.numr49,567 m/three.numr49,699 m/three.numr
0.010 m/three.numr0.012 m/three.numr 0.012 m/three.numrWater Use1
1 These metrics exclude immaterial operations including those 
recently acquired or divested. 2020 also excludes the acquisition 
of Poppin, Inc. which occurred in December 2020. The company consistently evaluates ways 
to reduce and reuse water within our 
manufacturing processes. We monitor and 
trend monthly water usage at our facilities, 
identifying root cause for any abnormal 
consumption. Objectives and targets are 
set within our Environmental Management 
System. For example, the following actions 
have been taken at specific sites to reduce total 
water use and/or increase water-efficiency:
• Elimination of UV operations at two facilities.
• Elimination of Prefill operations at one facility.
2021 Intensity Goal:  
Maintain water 
consumption 
at or below the 
2020 level.Water Reduction 
Targets & Efforts9
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
TOTAL WASTE LANDFILLED
(metric tons)
10.9%12.8%14.7%1,434 MT2,416 MT2,658 MTTOTAL HAZARDOUS WASTE GENERATION
(metric tons)
41.12 MT 43.87 MTPERCENT WASTE RECYCLED
87.2%
85.3%
PERCENT WASTE
INCINERATED
0%
PERCENT WASTE SENT TO LANDFILLWASTE INTENSITY
(pounds/unit produced)HAZARDOUS WASTE INTENSITY
(pounds/unit produced)26.60 MT
0.824 lbs 0.855 lbs 1.135 lbs 0.015 lbs 0.015 lbs 0.019 lbs89.1%Waste Management1
1 These metrics exclude immaterial operations including those recently acquired or divested. 
2020 also excludes the acquisition of Poppin, Inc. which occurred in December 2020. Kimball International has company-wide recycling programs 
and is dedicated to reducing waste to the landfill. In 2002, 
the company opened a recycling center which allows our 
manufacturing sites to increase recycling and reduce waste 
accumulation onsite. The recycling center also allows the 
company to increase the number of commodities recycled. 
Each waste stream is evaluated through our Environmental 
Management System Waste Disposition Procedures. The 
recycling center also provides recycling and paper shredding 
services for other regional businesses and industries. 
Objectives and targets are set within our Environmental 
Management System to reduce waste to the 
landfill and increase recycling/reuse efforts.
2021 Intensity Goal: 
Reduce solid waste to 
the landfill by 10% from 
the 2019 base year.
Objectives and targets are set within our Environmental 
Management System to reduce Hazardous Waste. 
The objective is to improve our facility optimization 
for increased efficiencies while reducing Hazardous 
Waste from our finishing processes.Waste Reduction 
Targets & Efforts
Hazardous Waste Management10
Our culture of caring is at 
the foundation of our long 
held Guiding Principles and 
our purpose of “Dare to be 
Makers of Possibility.”
Employee engagement is a key component of that culture. We conduct employee engagement 
surveys periodically to take a pulse on the Company’s working environment. In 2019, we conducted 
a Great Place to Work® survey and we were certified as a Great Place to Work® for June 2019–June 
2020. As part of the assessment process, action plans were created to drive areas of improvement.
Recently, our outreach to employees has included a wide range of activities such as 
targeted pulse surveys across our various business units and functions. The surveys 
focus on organizational vitality, communication, and returning to work post-COVID. In 
response to employee feedback, we added new forums to engage our employees:
•  Created regular interactive “Executive Chat” sessions where executive team members update 
the organization on strategic initiatives and an open forum for Q&A. These live sessions present 
opportunities for open dialogue on current and relevant topics across the organization.
•  Created a communication platform making it easier for key messages 
to be shared with our manufacturing employees.
• Developed a new hybrid work policy.Social
We monitor Voluntary and Involuntary Turnover independently on 
a month-to-month basis, taking actions where we see rates exceed 
our established targets. In 2018 we were slightly better than the 
Mercer US Turnover benchmark for the manufacturing industry of 
26.7%. In 2019, we embarked on our transformation journey through 
the execution of our Connect business strategy which resulted in 
an increase in permanent layoffs and a slight increase in voluntary 
turnover. In 2020, because of the COVID-19 pandemic’s impact in 
our business, additional permanent layoffs became necessary. Employee Turnover
Human Capital Management
18%
8%
4%
30%18%
12%
4%
34%VOLUNTARY
INVOLUNTARY
HEALTH/RETIREMENT
TOTAL
15%
6%
3%
24%
11
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Kimball International is 
committed to employee and 
leadership development. 
Education and training 
are key components of 
our Connect 2.0 strategy 
as part of the “Inspire Our 
People” pillar. We believe in 
investing in our employees’ 
growth and development.Over the last two years, we have implemented the following leadership development programs:
 
Elevate
Our flagship senior leadership program that provides leadership 
development through coaching, assessments, and experiential 
action learning projects. This program is a year-long, immersive, 
and intensive program with direct mentoring from our CEO.
 
Foundations
A frontline leadership development program for 
emerging or new supervisors and managers. This is 
a thirteen-module program offered annually.
 
Leadership Roundtables
Monthly experiential learning sessions facilitated by 
HR providing our leaders the opportunity to share best 
practices, key learnings, and bring leadership challenges 
to an open forum for suggestions and guidance. 
Virtual Self-Based Micro-Learning Sessions
Learning sessions are available to all employees featuring 
content from thought leaders such as FranklinCovey, 
Blanchard, and John Maxwell each forming the cornerstone 
of training we have provided our employees for many years.
We also sponsor employees to participate in other locally 
sponsored leadership programs such as SOAR for women in 
leadership and city/county Leadership Academies. Additionally, 
we have a tuition reimbursement program and support continuing 
education units to maintain professional certifications.
All employees are required to complete annual compliance training 
for Ethics, Compliance, Cybersecurity Awareness, Workplace 
Harassment, and all contents of our Employee Handbook. 
Additional training is required based on the employee’s role in 
the organization, including content such as handling sensitive 
data. Completion metrics are tracked through our online training 
portal and disclosed in the Business Ethics section below.Talent Development
We're launching the following new programs in 2021:
 
Rise
A formalized mentoring program  
Executive Team Coaching
Broadened use of executive coaching to 
support the ongoing development of current 
and future senior leaders   
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and 
Belonging Educational Program
A company-wide emphasis on all aspects 
of diversity and unconscious biasOur Commitment Continues12
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
The Compensation and Governance Committee of the 
Board leads the process of setting the performance 
objectives for the CEO which focus on critical priorities for 
the year. The objectives are then cascaded to the Executive 
Leadership Team. The executive and CEO meet regularly 
throughout the year to discuss performance against those 
objectives. We are embarking on our journey to evolve our 
traditional performance management process into one 
that is based on cascading these performance objectives 
deeper in the organization to ensure alignment and clarity.
Within our manufacturing operations, shop floor employees 
have annual performance feedback conversations with 
their managers as part of the incentive base pay program 
where they review eight key metrics.  In addition, they have 
an annual career development coaching session where 
they discuss growth and development opportunities.
We address performance issues by creating a 
performance improvement plan with the employee 
that provides specific actions needed to improve 
performance, along with identifying training and 
development needed to address the skill deficiencies.Performance Management13
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
We offer comprehensive 
benefits to our U.S. full‑time 
employees, including 
healthcare, pharmacy, health 
savings account, an Employee 
Assistance Program, dental, 
vision, short and long-term 
disability insurance, life and 
dependent life insurance, 
AD&D insurance, critical illness 
insurance, accident, and 
hospital indemnity insurance. In 2019, we partnered with CareATC to create a convenient, on-site 
holistic health and wellbeing center located in Indiana for employees and 
dependents that was designed and furnished using our health specialty 
product and expertise. This clinic offers telehealth appointments for 
employees outside the Indiana area. CareATC is a health management 
company that empowers and inspires patients to be healthier, 
happier employees all while reducing their healthcare spend. With a 
pharmacy mini-dispensary and labs on-site, our main goal is to simplify 
the healthcare experience for our employees and their families. Additionally, we offer employee participation in a defined contribution 
401(k) through our Kimball International Retirement Plan. On an annual 
basis, we determine based on profitability, a company contribution 
to employee accounts regardless of whether they contribute on 
their own. The Retirement Plan benefit is often mentioned by 
employees as a true enabler of a successful retirement, with the 
company’s care for them lasting beyond their employment.Employee Benefits Program
14
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
The Kimball International 
Wellness Council formalized 
the following goals while 
preserving the flexibility 
for each of the Company’s 
location to provide the 
wellness programs that best 
fit their environment: 
• Support employees in improving overall health and wellness. 
• Recognize the whole person (body, mind, heart, and soul). 
• Make wellness programming convenient and habit forming. 
• Create a healthy and safe workplace environment. 
•  Recognize successes (improved productivity, increased daily 
activity, health improvements, etc.) and celebrate. 
• Reduce healthcare costs by focusing on preventative care. 
•  Improve employee morale and our reputation  
as the Employer of Choice. 
• “Do the right thing” Our comprehensive wellness program includes 
access to preventative care health screenings 
at no cost to the employee, increased access to 
healthcare through our leveraged relationships 
with local hospitals and third-party healthcare 
vendors, providing access to sit-to-stand desks 
and other ergonomic furniture, subsidized 
gym memberships, onsite fitness and nutrition 
programming and classes, access to stress 
management and therapeutic services, tobacco 
cessation, financial wellness educational content, 
and opportunities for community involvement.
Kimball International has earned the WELL™ 
Health-Safety Rating for its Corporate 
Headquarters through the International WELL 
Building Institute (IWBI). The WELL Health-
Safety Rating is an evidence-based, third-party 
verified rating for all new and existing building 
and space types focusing on operational policies, 
maintenance protocols, stakeholder engagement 
and emergency plans to address a post-
COVID-19 environment now and into the future. 
In addition, we have registered for the 
International WELL Building Institute’s 
WELL Building Standard certification 
for New and Existing Interiors v2. pilot. 
We are awaiting final certification. 
WELL fosters a holistic formula for better health 
and wellness outcomes, including a focus 
on seven key areas: air, water, nourishment, 
light, fitness, comfort and mind, all of which 
can lead to improvements in employee 
productivity, engagement and retention. Employee Wellness Program
15
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, 
and Belonging
Our US-based manufacturing facilities are primarily located 
in smaller rural areas. Our racial and ethnic diversity metrics 
in these facilities largely align with the demographics of 
the communities in which those facilities operate. Kimball International prohibits unlawful 
discrimination, harassment and retaliation.  Our 
employment practices are non-discriminatory 
and non-retaliatory, and our policies are 
designed to safeguard all persons (employees 
and job applicants) from discrimination, 
harassment and retaliation on the basis of 
race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, 
gender identity, and sexual orientation), 
parental status, national origin, age, disability, 
genetic information (including family 
medical history), political affiliation, military 
service, or other legally protected status or 
actions.  We are committed to eliminating 
barriers to success.  This includes, but is not 
limited to, hiring qualified applicants with 
disabilities and providing employees with 
disabilities reasonable accommodations 
that do not impose an undue hardship.Equal Employment PolicyGENDER DIVERSITY
EXECUTIVE/SENIOR MANAGEMENT
53%47%
GENDER DIVERSITY
ALL OTHER EMPLOYEES
58%42%RACE/ETHNIC DIVERSITY
EXECUTIVE/SENIOR MANAGEMENT
95%5%
RACE/ETHNIC DIVERSITY
ALL OTHER EMPLOYEES
88%12%Ethnic Non-
Ethnic
Ethnic Non-
Ethnic
*All diversity metrics reported in line with EEO-1.16
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Kimball International promotes 
an environment where each 
employee is valued, respected, 
and treated with dignity. We 
believe that diverse voices 
are essential in creating an 
organization where every person 
feels a sense of belonging, and we 
are committed to creating equity 
and a sense of inclusion for all. This 
is our mission and commitment.Our focus over the last 3 years has enabled us to 
increase the diversity of our Board of Directors and 
our Executive Leadership Team. We have expanded 
our access to diverse talent pools through acquisitions 
like D'style and Poppin and by targeting expansion 
in locations like Atlanta and secondary markets.
As our local communities have become more diverse, 
especially with the LatinX culture, we have embraced 
bi-lingual communications and supporting charitable 
causes that promote cultural awareness.Our Supplier Diversity Program has enabled us to 
partner with vendors that are forward thinking and 
aligned to our commitment on diversity and inclusion.
We have recently embarked on a journey for a revitalized 
and more formalized Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and 
Belonging Commitment. Our council is forming and a 
team of high potential leaders are working in partnership 
with our CEO, CHRO and external consultant to finalize.Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging Efforts
OUR PEOPLE OUR COMMUNITIES
OUR SUPPLIERS OUR CUSTOMERSWho We Are Where We Work & Live
Who We ServeWho We Serve Who We Work WithEngaging all of our employees, 
from manufacturing shop floor, to 
showrooms, and to our headquarters 
in Jasper to create a company-
wide sense of belongingChampioning progress in the 
communities in which we work, 
live and play through advocacy, 
leadership, volunteerism 
and financial donations DEIB Council
Chaired by CEO
Comprised of management 
representation ranging from 
manufacturing to field sales
Building on our robust Supplier 
Diversity Program and actively 
participating in Diversity Councils 
such as the Mid-States Supplier 
Diversity Council and the Great 
Lakes Women's Business Council  Celebrating and building 
partnerships by sharing best 
practices and learning from others17
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Employee Health, 
Safety, & Wellness
1 Rate is number of injuries per 100 employees
2 Rate is number per 100 employees 
•  2020 Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) of 1.28 is 74% below 
the national average of 5% for the NAICS rate for our industry 
•  2020 Days Away, Restricted or Transferred (DART) rate of .35 is 89% 
below the national average of 3.1 for the NAICS rate for our industryKimball International has a Comprehensive 
Safety Program built on an internal 40+ element 
management system. We have created strong 
cultural values around safety. Our vision is to 
create an injury free working environment for 
our people. Many of our locations are OSHA VPP 
Star certified or SHARPS certified, and we have 
won several awards including “America’s Safest 
Companies” and Governor’s Awards for safety. Our 20-year continuous 
improvement journey has resulted 
in 90% reduction of injuries. Occupational Health  
& Safety ManagementOccupational Health  
& Safety Management
Metric 2020 2019 2018
Total Recordable 
Incident Rate11.28 1.56 1.51
Days Away, 
Restricted or 
Transferred Rate20.35 0.58 0.4318
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Product Quality & Safety
Discussion of 
processes to assess 
and manage risks 
and/or hazards 
associated with 
chemicals in products
SASB-CG-BF-250a.1Percentage of eligible 
products meeting 
VOC emissions and 
content standards
SASB-CG-BF-250a.2
Percentages based on sales volume 
*These metrics exclude immaterial operations including those 
recently acquired or divested. 2020 also excludes the acquisition 
of Poppin, Inc. which occurred in December 2020.Kimball International uses a 
strategic approach to chemical 
management. Chemicals are 
identified and managed on the 
inherent human-health and 
environmental characteristics 
of chemical ingredient, 
including specific routs (e.g., 
oral, dermal, or inhalation) 
and amounts of a substance it 
takes to cause adverse effect.
70% of manufacturing sites were ISO 9001 Certified in 2020. In addition, 
two non-manufacturing sites were ISO 9001 certified in 2020.Products are certified to SCS® Global Service’s Indoor Advantage 
program. The program is applicable to any non-flooring product 
generally used within an enclosed indoor environment including 
wall coverings, systems furniture, casegoods, and insulation. 
Indoor Advantage offers two different certifications -- Indoor Advantage 
and Indoor Advantage Gold. Indoor Advantage demonstrates 
conformance with the Business and Institutional Furniture Manufacturer’s 
Association (BIFMA®), U.S. Green Building Council’s Leadership in 
Energy and Environmental Design (LEED™) criterion, and the WELL 
Building Standard. In addition, Indoor Advantage Gold also demonstrates 
conformance to the California Department of Public Health (CDPH) 
criterion commonly referred to as California 01350. California 01350 
is a special environmental standard specification developed by the 
state of California to cover key environmental performance issues 
related to the selection and handling of building materials.
Quality Management Systems Certifications74%75%INDOOR AIR QUALITY (IAQ) CERTIFIED PRODUCTS*
77%19
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Community Engagement
Our "Dare to be Makers of Possibility" purpose extends into the 
communities in which we live, work and play. The world is our 
home, and as the Kimball International Guiding Principles say, 
“We strive to help our communities be great places to live.” 
Our communities depend on volunteers to achieve their missions and 
make positive impact possible, but with busy work and home lives it 
can be challenging for our employees to find the time to get involved. 
The Kimball International Volunteer Time Off (VTO) program allows 
our employees to take additional paid time off to volunteer in the 
community. Many employees volunteer their time and talent to economic 
development organizations, community development initiatives, non-
profit entities, academic programs, athletic programs, and church groups. 
Giving back is embedded within the Company’s culture and 
encourages collaboration and teamwork while fostering an 
environment where employees feel inspired to play an integral 
role in making a positive impact in our communities.Giving back in a meaningful way is an integral part of 
Kimball International’s culture. We have a charitable 
trust fund called the Kimball International Habig 
Foundation that focuses its funding and resources on 
five primary categories: Education, Health and Human 
Services, Civic and Community Programs, Arts and 
Culture, Religious Institutions and Volunteerism. 
Since its inception in 1952, the Foundation has 
donated over $13 million to various local charities 
and projects in communities where our employees 
live and work, including over $3.5 million for our 
annual college scholarship program to children of 
Kimball International employees. We have awarded 
more than 400 college scholarships since 1963. 
We also sponsor or contribute to numerous causes 
including local fundraisers and events as well as national 
organizations such as American Cancer Society, Relay 
for Life, Walk to End Alzheimer’s, Mentors for Youth, and 
Humane Society. Additionally, we sponsor events for 
our employees to participate in such as 5K Walks/Runs 
and we have done fundraising campaigns where we 
match employee donations to a non-profit association up to a certain amount. In fiscal year 2020, we donated 
more than $80,000 to various organizations. 
In-kind donations of our products and raw materials 
are a cornerstone of our spirit of giving. New, gently 
used, and showroom displays are routinely donated 
to non-profit, civic, and public school systems. We 
also donate furniture to fundraising auctions as 
owning a Kimball International product is of great 
pride to the communities in which we operate.
At the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
we used our charitable giving, volunteerism, 
manufacturing capabilities, and volunteerism 
to provide PPE and healthcare furniture to 
our community’s “Healthcare Heroes”. 
Our most recent example of collaborating with 
a local community is the funding and furniture 
provided to the Jasper Thyen-Clark Cultural Center 
which houses our headquarter hometown’s public 
library and center for the arts. This facility is truly 
one of a kind in the USA and a testament to the 
critical role of the arts and creative design.Community Engagement & Volunteerism Charitable Spend
$13 MILLION DOLLARS DONATED TO CHARITY SINCE 195220
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Product Lifecycle ImpactsSupply Chain
Description of efforts 
to manage product 
lifecycle impacts and 
meet demand for 
sustainable products
SASB-CG-BF-410a.1For Kimball, National & Interwoven brands:
Our DfE (Design for Environment) Process that is executed as part 
of our Product Development Process ensures environmentally 
focused design principles. The DfE is also integrated within our 
multi-attribute BIFMA e3 Furniture Sustainability Standard. To align 
with consumer demand and mitigate negative environmental and 
human health impacts, our product design and development processes 
are guided by the following standard-setting organizations:
• US Green Building Council (USGBC) 
• International WELL Building Institute (IWBI) 
• Business & Industrial Furniture Manufacturers Association (BIFMA) 
• Healthier Hospitals Initiative (HHI) 
To meet these demands of sustainable furniture and ensure our products 
are designed with the entire lifecycle in mind, we pursue third-party 
certification to multi-attribute standards, such as the BIFMA Level 
Certification and MindClick Sustainability Assessment Program.
* These metrics exclude immaterial operations including those 
recently acquired or divested. 2020 also excludes the acquisition 
of Poppin, Inc. which occurred in December 2020.(1)  Weight of 
end-of-life  
material recovered,
(2)  Percentage 
of recovered 
materials recycled
SASB-CG-BF-410a.2We are currently looking to expand the scope 
of our product take-back program across 
the organization. This  will allow us to track 
enterprise-wide product take-back metrics and 
better support the principles of a circular economy.ANSI/BIFMA e3-2014e Furniture Sustainability Standard.
Effective for Interwoven in January 2021.The following brands have product offerings that 
participate in these multi-attribute programs.
Brand ANSI/BIFMA e3 MindClick
Kimball
National
Etc.
Interwoven
Kimball Hospitality
D’style21
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Responsible Wood Sourcing
SASB-CG-BF-430a.1
Kimball International strives 
to ensure that wood used 
in the manufacturing of our 
products is obtained from 
environmentally and socially 
responsible sources.Procuring wood responsibly not only supports 
our sustainability initiatives, but also provides 
assurance that our wood-based components 
have the lowest possible burden on the 
environment. It is Kimball International’s policy 
to work with partners who share our values of 
responsible management of wood from the 
forests where our raw materials are harvested. 
Kimball International strives to use wood 
from properly managed forests to reduce the 
environmental impact we have on our industry. 
Kimball International expects suppliers of 
wood-based materials to follow all applicable 
laws and regulations for territories from which 
they are sourced, such as the Lacey Act, as well as international treaties and agreements to 
which the United States is a signatory. We will 
not use species listed in CITES (Convention 
on International Trade in Endangered Species 
of Wild Fauna and Flora) Appendices I or II, 
for the manufacturing of our products. Our 
Supply Chain Team will give preference to 
suppliers who are compliant with third party 
sustainability standards including the Forest 
Stewardship Council (FSC) and Sustainable 
Forestry Initiative (SFI). Kimball International 
conducts business ethically based on our 
Business Partner Code of Conduct and requires 
our business partners to do so as well. Responsible Sourcing Efforts & Risk Management22
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Supplier Engagement
*“Diverse Suppliers” as defined by the GSA 
reporting requirements include HUBZone 
Small Businesses, Service/Disabled Veteran-
Owned, Small Disadvantaged Businesses, 
Veteran-Owned Businesses, Women-Owned 
Small Businesses, Alaskan Native Corporations 
and Indian Tribes, and Other than small-Alaskan 
Native Corporations and Indian Tribes.Kimball International has a formal Supplier Onboarding process that 
it follows when onboarding any new supply partner. As a part of this 
process, suppliers are required to complete survey assessments and sign 
our Code of Conduct document. In addition, on site visits of supplier 
locations are conducted to allow for assessment of capabilities, working 
conditions, and other factors. We conduct supplier business reviews on 
an ongoing basis and complete follow up visits to supplier locations.Kimball International 
Supplier Diversity Policy
As government contractors, our Kimball and 
National brands track and report to the General 
Services Administration (GSA) total spend with 
diverse suppliers, which in 2020 accounted for 
approximately 7.1% of the total spend reported. 
The table below details the total spend with 
diverse suppliers based on the government’s 
fiscal year Oct 1st through September 30th.Supplier AuditingSupplier DiversityKimball International Business 
Partner Code of Conduct
Kimball International Conflict MineralsDIVERSE SUPPLIER TOTAL SPEND FOR KIMBALL AND NATIONAL BRAND
($’s in millions)
Total18.419.3
18.123
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
PoliciesGovernance
Code of Conduct
Our Board of Directors has designated the Compensation and 
Governance Committee (CGC) responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s ESG program. As stated in its charter, the CGC periodically 
reviews the Company’s initiatives, policies and practices regarding ESG 
related matters, assesses the effectiveness of communication of ESG 
initiatives to stakeholders and recommends any changes to the Board, 
and periodically reviews the Company’s ESG performance metrics. Board Oversight of ESG24
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Business Ethics
The Compensation & Governance Committee establishes the 
Business Ethics policy, with Board approval, and reviews the policy 
annually. Management reviews Compliance and Ethics program 
activities with the Audit Committee quarterly and we review a 
Compliance and Ethics Program Report with the Board annually.
We have an external Ethics Reporting hotline called EthicsPoint. In the event an incident is reported, investigations are completed 
under direction and control of our Corporate Legal team and 
are reported to the Audit Committee quarterly. A Compliance 
and Ethics report is reviewed annually with the Board.Our Business Ethics Policy includes a whistleblower protection statement 
that addresses the importance of speaking up when becoming aware of 
certain behaviors that may represent a violation of our Ethics Policy. 
We have an “EthicsPoint” hotline for whistleblowers to report illegal or 
unethical behavior. All reports will be promptly investigated and there will 
be no retaliation for making a report or cooperating with an investigation.
An anti-bribery section is included in our Business Ethics Policy.The organization’s enterprise-wide internal audit team reviews the entity 
level controls related to our ethical standards on an annual basis. 
This team also performs a fraud risk assessment annually 
considering integrity and ethical values, asset misappropriation, 
corruption and bribery, financial reporting, and external fraud. 
The risk assessment is reviewed with the Audit Committee.All new employees take Ethics training when hired. Additionally, 
all employees (including manufacturing) take an Ethics 
training module annually and are reminded of the Ethics 
policy during the annual Employee Handbook review. 
The following table details our online ethics-related training 
metrics for our professional staff for calendar year 2020:
Training for manufacturing employees is done in 
a classroom setting at each location.Oversight of Business Ethics Incident Investigation and Corrective Actions Whistleblowing Policy
Audits of Ethical Standards
Anti-Bribery PolicyEmployee Ethics Training
TRAINING MODULE COMPLETION PERCENTAGE
Compliance 
Refresher TrainingEthics and Code 
of Conduct Training2020 Employee 
Handbook Review25
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Our operations are covered by the Company’s labor code, made public 
via postings throughout our facilities. The code covers such topics 
as freedom of association, forced labor, child labor, and equality in 
employment, including nondiscrimination and equal remuneration. 
Kimball International is committed to a work environment that 
is free from human trafficking and any form of forced labor or 
unlawful child labor. Kimball International employees, contractors, 
subcontractors, vendors, suppliers, partners, and others through 
whom Kimball International conducts business must not engage in 
any practice that constitutes trafficking in persons or forced labor.Human Rights Policy
Kimball International 
complies with all applicable 
U.S. federal, state, local, and 
non‑U.S. country‑specific 
national and international 
laws regarding labor relations, 
including works councils 
and union representation.26
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
Corporate Governance
Board Composition
Regular Board and Committee Evaluations
Annual evaluation of CEO by independent directors
Clawback Provisions
Director Resignation Policy
Anti-Hedging/Pledging Policy
No Poison Pill
No dual class common stock
No cumulative voting
Simple majority vote standardSeparate CEO and Chairperson roles, with independent Chair
Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors and Executive Officers
Board Oversight of ESG
Shareholder Engagement Program
Robust New Director Orientation Program
Board Commitment to Seek Diverse Director Candidates
Accountability
Shareholder RightsBest Practices
GENDER DIVERSITY AGE RANGE
AVERAGE TENURE % INDEPENDENCE SITTING 
EXECUTIVESSTANDING COMMITTEES
INDEPENDENCE43% 54–63 Years 57%
5yr 86%86%100%27
Kimball International 2020 Environmental, Social, and Governance Summary Report
2020 Environmental, 
Social, and Governance 
Summary Report
1600 Royal Street, Jasper, Indiana 47546 
812.482.1600 
800.482.1616 (Toll Free) 
kimballinternational.com 
NASDAQ: KBALLynn Morgen 
lynn.morgen@advisiry.comEric Prouty  
eric.prouty@advisiry.comContact Information Investor Relations Contact