1 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
Charging Ahead
2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
2 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
In This Report
A Letter from our CEO 
A Letter from our ESG Committee Chair
Sunnova Overview 
Financial and Operational Performance 
2021 Impact Metrics
Materiality
Our Strategy 
Our ESG Goals
Sustainability Frameworks and StandardsHuman Capital Management
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Dealer Engagement Performance Data
Non-GAAP Reconciliation
SASB Index
TCFD Index
Material Topics Definitions
Financial and Operational Definitions
Sustainability Governance and Oversight
Risk Management Approach
Board Diversity and Independence
Supply Chain Management and Sustainability 
Government Affairs
Community Engagement Foreword
At Sunnova, we believe in providing a better energy service 
at a better price, achieving more by working together and 
doing well by doing good as we pursue our mission to  
power energy independence. In our second ESG report,  
we highlight the critical steps we took in 2021 to achieve our 
goals and meet the demands of a rapidly evolving industry.Opportunities in Clean Energy
Climate Change Risks and Opportunities 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scopes 1, 2 and 3 
Green Financing Framework and Green Bond ReportingABOUT SOCIAL DATA AND APPROACH
GOVERNANCE
ENVIRONMENTAL 3
4
6
7
8
9
10
11
1225
27
2940
43
45
47
48
50
32
33
34
35
36
3814
17
19
22
3 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ABOUTWe will continue to seek synergies by developing more strategic 
partnerships, building a best-in-class software platform and by 
engaging with policymakers and industry partners to expand 
clean, affordable energy markets across the United States. We will 
continue to act with the highest levels of collaboration, respect and 
service and do right by our customers, coworkers, communities 
and partners. By staying true to our core values of Service, Synergy 
and Sustainability, we believe we will have a powerful impact on our 
customers, communities and society for generations to come.  
 
As we continue charging ahead, we look forward to continuing this 
important ESG journey with you.
WILLIAM J. (JOHN) BERGER 
Founder, Chairman, President and CEO, Sunnova
A Letter from Our CEO 
WILLIAM J. (JOHN) BERGER
At Sunnova, our mission — To Power Energy Independence — 
has allowed us to make a critical difference in the way our 
customers energize their lives, ensuring we create lasting value in 
the communities we serve. Currently, the energy industry is at an 
inflection point; and the changes in consumer demand, the need  
for energy reliability, the reality of climate change and the threat  
to our national security will accelerate the energy transition faster 
than we imagined. 
Our team at Sunnova is aggressively embracing an equitable 
and balanced energy future and is working with others in the 
global energy industry to ensure this transition is successful in 
the near term. Our corporate strategy is aligned to support this 
transformation and we are continuing to do our part to accelerate 
energy resiliency across the globe. Our customer and employee 
growth over the last year is evidence of this strategy at work, 
spurred by our ability to provide energy services that can help 
mitigate climate change and shape our energy security  
and independence.
Despite current and anticipated macro-economic headwinds, 
we remain confident in our ability to accomplish the financial, 
operational, environmental, social and governance (ESG) targets 
we’ve laid out for ourselves. Rapidly improving and changing 
technology, coupled with our software platform and fundamentally 
differentiated customer service strategy means we are closer 
than ever before to building the home of the future – the Sunnova 
Adaptive Home™. As centralized utilities rapidly increase their rates, 
we will be able to provide homeowners significant savings while 
providing an energy service that is more clean, affordable  
and reliable. 

4 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ABOUTsee how far we have come in just one year by meeting regularly with 
our ESG leads, working to meet the data needs of our stakeholders 
and reporting transparently in alignment with leading frameworks. 
Now, our team is turning our focus to what lies ahead and executing 
our long-term approach to ESG management.  
With our strategy set, our goals in place and another year of 
sustainability performance behind us, I am immensely proud to 
share our ESG progress with you through this report and I welcome 
your engagement and feedback in the year ahead.
KELSEY HULTBERG 
ESG Committee Chair, Executive Vice President, 
Chief of Staff, Sunnova
The last year has been pivotal for the evolution of sustainability, with 
the awareness of and interest in ESG issues rising in prominence. 
In our second year of ESG reporting, we built on the foundation we 
established in 2020 and strive to continue providing rigorous and 
transparent reporting of our sustainability performance.
I am excited to share the continued progress we’ve made on our 
ESG strategy over the last 12 months. Our focus in 2021 was on 
strengthening the foundation we built in our first year of reporting 
while continuing to strategically integrate ESG into our business  
with a look towards the future. 
Our ESG strategy reflects the ways in which we are putting our 
mission into action. Every day, our team seeks new and innovative 
ways to transform the energy space, while also making us stronger 
and more resilient. After all, we cannot thrive as a business if our 
customers, colleagues, communities and planet do not thrive. 
This year, we accomplished three main goals:
• We conducted our inaugural materiality assessment to align on  
a multitude of ESG topics with our employees, vendors, investors, 
community partners and other stakeholders. 
• We developed multi-year ESG goals to commit ourselves to 
continuous improvement in areas of strategic importance.  
• We conducted our first climate risk assessment in alignment  
with the Taskforce on Climate Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) 
recommendations and integrated it with our annual Enterprise 
Risk Management (ERM) process.
As the chair of our ESG Steering Committee, I am encouraged to A Letter from Our ESG Committee Chair 
KELSEY HULTBERG 

5 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ABOUTABOUT
GOVERNANCESOCIALENVIRONMENTAL
DATA AND APPROACHSunnova Overview 
 
Financial and Operational Performance 
 
2021 Impact Metrics 
 
Materiality 
 
Our Strategy  
 
Our ESG Goals 
 
Sustainability Frameworks and StandardsABOUTThe energy landscape is accelerating faster than ever 
before, and Sunnova is pioneering this evolution with a 
business strategy centered around helping customers 
electrify all aspects of their lives through solar.
We are dedicated to supporting customers with integrated energy 
solutions that meet modern convenience and environmental needs 
centered around our Sunnova Adaptive HomeTM approach. Alongside 
an emphasis on service and the power of partnerships, we are further 
accelerating our ESG impact and creating shared value not only for our 
investors but our customers, employees, communities and partners.

6 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ABOUTSunnova Overview
Sunnova Energy International Inc. (NYSE: NOVA) is a leading residential energy 
services provider, with customers across the United States and its territories. 
Sunnova’s goal is to be the source of clean, affordable and reliable energy with 
a simple mission: to power energy independence so that homeowners have the 
freedom to live life uninterrupted®.
WA
OR
CAMT
ID
NV
AZUTWY
CO
NM
TXOKKSNESDND
MN
IA
MO
AR
LAMSAL GA
FLSCTNNCILWI
MI
OH
IN
KYWV VAPANYME
NJ
MDMANH
CTRI
HI Puerto Rico Saipan GuamDC
DEVT
Dealers, Sub-Dealers  
and New Homes  
Installers814
States and 
Territories25+
Customers Where 
We Operate195,400
Employees738
Founded in
in Houston, Texas2012
All numbers as of December 31, 2021.
7 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ABOUTFinancial and Operational 
Performance
2021 was another landmark year for Sunnova, marked by significant improvement in the financial performance of the company.  
We aim to continue this track record of exceptional financial results and continue delivering value to all stakeholders.
2021 2020
Adjusted EBITDA2$86 $60
Principal3 and Interest Payments Received  
on Solar Loans$93 $56
Adjusted Operating Cash Flow2$58 $11
Recurring Operating Cash Flow2$2 $(10)2021 2020
Estimated Gross Contracted Customer Value at year-end $4,337 $2,997
Estimated Net Contracted Customer Value at year-end $2,105 $1,707
Cumulative Number of Customers, Net4 195,400 107,500
Cumulative Megawatts (MW) Deployed5 1,140 MW 792 MW
Metric Tons of CO2e Avoided5 2.6 million 1.7 million
Kilowatt (kWh) of Clean Energy6 3.6 billion 2.4 billion
States and Territories Where We Operate 25+ 22
Dealers and Sub-Dealers 814 435
Battery Penetration Rate711% 9%
1 See accompanying reconciliation.
2 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Cash Flow and Recurring Operating Cash Flow are non-GAAP financial measures.
3 Net of amounts recorded in revenue.4 See Cumulative Number of Customers in Financial and Operational Definitions.
5 Based on the accumulative actual production (kWh) for systems as of year-end.
6 The kWh estimated lifetime PV production value corresponds to lifetime accumulative billed production through 12/31/2021 for systems 
placed in service on or before 12/31/2021.
7 For definition, see Financial and Operational DefinitionsOperational Financial ($ millions)1
8 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ABOUT2021 Impact Metrics
Our ESG strategy revolves around leadership and moving beyond the 
initial standards of being a renewable energy company, and 2021 was  
a year of exciting developments for our sustainability strategy.
Human Capital
• Workforce Growth: our total  
employee count grew by 85%
• Reduced turnover by 5%
Board Diversity
• Female representation rose  
from 22% to 33%
Climate Risks  
and Opportunities 
• Greenhouse Gas Reduction (GHG):  
2.6 million metric tons of CO2e  
avoided this yearInaugural Materiality  
Assessment Summary
• 60+ internal leaders and external 
stakeholders surveyed
• 9 “tier one” topics: our key ESG 
focus points for the next three years
• 21 material topics identified overall
• 6 key ESG goalsFirst TCFD Analysis
• Incorporating our TCFD top risks into  
our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
• Reporting GHG Accounting Disclosures 
across Scope 1, 2 and 3 MSCI ESG Rating
• Received a rating of AA (on a scale  
of AAA-CCC) from MSCI in 2021
Awards
• Inaugural Best Led List by Inc. 
• U.S. Clean Energy Education and 
Empowerment Award for Meghan 
Nutting, Executive Vice President of 
Government and Regulatory Affairs
• Best CEOs for Diversity 2021  
from Comparably Sustainable Finance
• Launched first Green Bond and  
our Green Financing Framework, 
rated the highest rating by Cicero  
— Certified Dark Green 
CO 2

9 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ABOUTENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE
• Energy Management
• Greenhouse Gas Emissions
• Product Circularity and  
End-of-Life Management• Community Engagement
• Consumer Protection
• Dealer Sustainability
• Health and Safety
• Pay Equity
• Supplier and Dealer Diversity • Data Security and Privacy
• Ethical Business Practices  
and Compliance
• Technology and InnovationENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE
• Climate Change Risks  
and Opportunities 
• Opportunities in  
Clean Energy
• Supply Chain Sustainability• Diversity and Inclusion  
of Employees 
• Human Capital Management 
• Solar Equity and Justice 
 • Board Diversity  
and Independence
• ESG Governance 
• Lobbying and AdvocacyMateriality
At Sunnova, we define material ESG issues as those that have 
a significant impact to both our business success and that 
our stakeholders expect us to manage. For business success, 
this includes strategy and growth, financial performance, risk 
management and brand reputation.
Through this assessment, we engaged key internal and external 
stakeholders to share insights on several ESG topics. We asked our 
stakeholders to evaluate the opportunities and risks these topics 
pose to our business, our industry and to society.
These topics were identified from a number of sources, including 
ESG ratings (e.g., MSCI and Sustainalytics), ESG reporting 
frameworks (e.g., SASB and TCFD) and desktop research of peers 
and industry trends. Our stakeholder groups included employees 
across our organization as well as investors, suppliers, dealers, 
industry associations and community organizations.
Through this process, we identified 21 material ESG topics overall 
and 9 priority ESG topics, which comprise the core of our ESG 
strategy. Please see details about these topics in the table.Tier One: PrioritizeOur Tier One and Tier Two Topics
Tier Two: ManageESG topics that have significant 
impact to both Sunnova’s  
business and society. These 
topics are the key focus of 
Sunnova’s ESG strategy.
ESG topics that have a material 
impact to Sunnova’s business  
and society but were not rated  
as the highest priority. These 
topics will be managed and 
monitored with appropriate steps 
taken for continuous improvement.

10 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ABOUTOur Strategy
ESG Strategy and Our 2025 Goals
Our broader ESG strategy evolved with the completion of our first 
materiality assessment. Our main focus is on a range of goals 
to support each of the Tier 1 priority topics. We plan to make 
significant steps towards achieving these goals or realizing them to 
completion by 2025. Additionally, these efforts are an integral piece 
of the company’s larger corporate strategy as we work towards 
improving the impact of Sunnova as a whole through expected 
significant growth.
The goals follow a “Triple – Double, Triple” roadmap, in which  
we’re building plans to double or triple specific customer and 
earnings metrics. Setting these goals helps us plan across the 
company to meet the future projected high demand in the areas 
while still operating as leaders in creating scalable opportunities  
for renewable energy.Our Mission
Powering Energy Independence ™
Service
We believe in providing  
a better energy serviceSynergy
We believe in achieving more  
by working togetherSustainability
We believe in doing well  
by doing good
We expect to double  
year-end 2021 
customer count by 
year-end 2023We expect to double 
year-end 2021  
NCCV per share by 
year-end 2023We expect to double 
year-end 2021  
services sold  
per customer  
by year-end 2025   We expect to triple  
year-end 2021 
Adjusted EBITDA with 
principal and interest 
collection on solar  
loans in fiscal year 2023Corporate Strategy: Triple — Double, Triple
11 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ABOUTOur ESG Goals
These inaugural goals are only a starting point to demonstrate our current commitment 
and performance on ESG.
We plan to build a customer base by  
year-end 2023 whose systems will offset  
52 million MTCO2e over their useful life. 
We will quantify and disclose a complete 
Scope 3 inventory for all material categories 
and set a climate target that includes all 
scope emissions by year-end 2023.We will work to reduce year-over-year 
voluntary turnover to 15% by 2025. 
 
We will work to improve estimated year-end 
2021 racial/ethnic minority representation 
for mid-level leadership (General Manager, 
Director, VP and SVP titles) by 20%  
by 2025.We will plan to institute a supplier engagement 
system to quantify ESG impacts for all Tier 1 
suppliers by 2023.  
We will work to contribute 2,500 total employee 
volunteer hours to organizations whose causes 
align with our mission and ESG goals by  
year-end 2025. SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ENVIRONMENTAL 
CO 2
12 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ABOUTSustainability Frameworks  
and Standards
SASB 
We believe in reporting ESG data that is financially material and 
can yield powerful insights for our business, our investors and 
other stakeholders. We report in alignment with the Solar and 
Battery Industry Standards and have further clarified metrics that 
are material to our business through our inaugural materiality 
assessment (see Data and Approach).
TCFD
As a leading residential solar and energy storage service provider 
with customers across the U.S. and its territories, we believe 
our long-term business success is tied to our identification and 
management of climate-related risks and opportunities. In our first 
year of TCFD reporting, we conducted an initial Scope 3 Emissions 
Assessment to better understand our emissions and determine 
how we will reach our 2025 environmental goals.
UN SDGs 
We believe that our business can make a meaningful difference 
to our customers and society. We believe we can make the most 
meaningful contributions by focusing on six of the seventeen SDGs.SASB, TCFD and UN SDGs
We believe in aligning our ESG strategy and reporting with leading 
reporting frameworks and standards. 
Our ESG reporting and Strategy is guided by three frameworks: 
SASB, TCFD and UN SDGs.

13 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTALENVIRONMENTALOur goal is to provide the world with cleaner, more 
affordable and more reliable energy by focusing on 
responsible growth, energy resiliency and innovation 
to create lasting value.
For our customers, the Sunnova Adaptive Home™ and Sunnova 
Adaptive Community™ solutions provide clean and reliable energy  
for existing homes and new home construction, respectively.
GOVERNANCESOCIAL
DATA AND APPROACHABOUT
ENVIRONMENTAL
Opportunities in Clean Energy 
 
Climate Change Risks and Opportunities 
 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scopes 1, 2 and 3 
 
Green Financing Framework and Green Bond Reporting

14 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTALOpportunities  
in Clean EnergySunnova New Homes
Building a sustainable future in the new home sector 
starts from the ground up. From the building’s design, 
to the sourcing of materials and equipment, to the 
technology incorporated into the construction — 
everything impacts the environment and the lives of 
those who call that building home. That is why we,  
at Sunnova, are proud to celebrate two major 
milestones in 2021: the acquisition of the residential 
solar platform “SunStreet” and surpassing 50,000 new 
home construction solar installations. 
The addition of SunStreet’s team and customer 
base propels Sunnova’s New Home Solar Standard 
Communities to new levels of social and environmental 
impact. By working together with our partners in 
the homebuilding industry we are helping create a 
lifetime of sustainability and energy independence for 
homeowners across the United States. Our mission is to power energy independence so that homeowners 
have the freedom to live life uninterrupted®. Clean, reliable and 
affordable energy is more in demand now than ever before.  
Our goal is to be the source of clean, affordable and reliable 
energy for any community in the United States, and we will reach 
this goal by championing efforts to develop renewable power 
generation capacity and/or enable renewable power development 
through network expansion and “green power” offerings, including 
microgrids and virtual power plants.
Our Commitment to Service
Sunnova is dedicated to supporting consumers with integrated 
energy solutions that provide greater consumer control, are more 
resilient in the face of storms and natural disasters and serve as 
an environmentally-conscious energy choice. When coupled with 
other significant advances in home energy management systems 
and adaptive demand response technologies, our integrated 
energy solutions provide consumers with greater control over their 
energy needs.Goal: We plan to build a customer  
base by year-end 2023 whose 
systems will offset 52 million MTCO2e 
over their useful life.
How we will pursue this goal 
• Our Commitment to Service
• Our Synergy with Partners
• Sustainability and Climate Change: Aligning with TCFD
CELEBRATING
New Home Construction
Solar InstallationsSunnova 50K New Home Construction Solar Installations – Logo
15 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTALThis partnership will allow 
Sunnova to offer its customers 
options from the Brinks Home portfolio of smart home 
security solutions and allow Brinks Home dealers and 
authorized representatives to offer their customers 
Sunnova’s suite of solar, battery and energy services.  
As the demand for smarter, more energy-efficient homes 
continues to grow, so too does the home security 
market¹. Home security companies are incorporating new 
technologies into their offerings to help automate and adapt 
the home to the consumer’s wants and needs. ChargePoint, Inc. is a leading 
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging 
network operating in North 
America and Europe and offers Sunnova customers a 
variety of EV charging solutions. Sunnova partnered with 
ChargePoint to help streamline and accelerate growth 
in EV adoption. EVs in the home increase annual energy 
demand from 50% to 100% (depending on a user’s specific 
charging behavior). By bundling a solar system and an EV 
charger in a single purchase, Sunnova helps customers 
properly size and install the right energy solution to meet 
their needs. Additionally, ChargePoint software embedded in 
their personal Sunnova portal helps customers optimize car 
charging within their Sunnova home energy ecosystem.Sunnova partnered with AutoGrid to 
provide reliable demand response 
resources to Clean Power Alliance’s (CPA) Power Response 
Program. Through this partnership, Sunnova and AutoGrid will 
implement and scale a comprehensive distributed energy resources 
program, executing on a key component in CPA’s strategic 
Clean Energy Future plan. In the wake of California’s increased 
wildfire prevalence and grid outages, homeowners are seeking 
reliable, affordable and self-generated energy to meet their needs. 
By committing the much needed “behind-the-meter” capacity from 
Sunnova’s Southern California customers while using AutoGrid’s 
Flex platform, homeowners will now be able to directly contribute  
to making their own local grid more stable and efficient by providing 
it with clean, resilient and distributed resources.
In 2021, Sunnova’s solar + storage services 
launched in 100 stores in Virginia, Maryland,  
Florida and Reno, Nevada — all areas with 
significant weather-related impacts on their 
respective power grids. Sunnova’s trained 
professionals are accessible at select The Home Depot stores 
in these markets to guide homeowners on the solar and storage 
service options available to them and connect them with a local, 
trusted Sunnova dealer who can design and install the optimal 
solution customized to their needs.
Our Synergy with Partners
We are building the infrastructure to lead the 
transition to renewable energy. Our business 
strategy, leadership and ESG goals are paving the 
way for an industry-leading operational model that  
is both innovative and transformative.
An Expanding Network  
In 2021 alone, Sunnova launched the 
following partnerships with an ongoing 
commitment to create a robust network  
of service offerings to our dealers  
and customers.
¹ https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/home-security-system-market/
Intero, a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate and 
wholly-owned subsidiary of HomeServices 
of America, Inc., helps San Francisco residents buy, sell and 
invest in real estate. By partnering with Sunnova, Intero and 
its agents differentiate themselves from their competitors, 
improve their clients’ experience and connect their clients 
with a reliable energy solution.
With continued stress on the energy grid and the increased 
adoption of battery-powered vehicles, residents throughout 
the Bay Area are actively searching for reliable energy 
solutions when considering options for their next home. 
Intero agents help their current and past clients quickly 
connect with Sunnova so they can receive the unrivaled 
service that is synonymous with Sunnova’s brand. 

16 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTALOpportunities in Clean Energy: 2021 Impact
Going solar is easier than it has ever been with more customized options, better home EV connectivity,  
flexible financing and 25 years of service and system protection through Sunnova Protect®.
total customers using one  
or more of our services
metric tons of CO2e 
avoided from these current 
systems projected over their 
25-year lifetime*  195,400
24.6 millionmetric tons CO2e avoided 
from these systems in use 
through 20212.6 million
CO 2
CO 2
* Does not include Sunnova New Homes’ systems.
17 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTALClimate Change Risks  
and Opportunities
Planning for a Renewable Future
We seek to build a resilient business that adapts and thrives in a 
changing climate future. We are working to understand the climate 
risks and opportunities to our business and to optimize business 
success, aiming for the highest standards for carbon accounting 
based on the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, climate modeling and 
corporate commitments. The health of our business depends 
on our ability to adapt to the physical and financial risks and 
opportunities of climate change.
“We’re working to align our 
corporate ERM process across 
the company with identified  
ESG risks and opportunities  
for greater overall synergy.  
This will help us better manage, 
monitor and mitigate our material 
risks through a company-wide 
effort, avoiding corporate silos and 
other communication hindrances.”
—   Kevin Gonzalez, Vice President,  
SOX Compliance and Audit
Aligning with TCFD
As a renewable energy company with a mission to power energy 
independence, the future of our business is inextricably linked with 
climate change and the energy transition. At Sunnova, we have 
always been mindful of the risks and opportunities of a changing 
world and the role we play in preserving the climate for future 
generations. This year, we formalized our approach to assessing 
these risks and opportunities by aligning with the TCFD reporting 
framework. Given the importance of this framework to our business 
success, managing and ensuring over the short and long term 
sustainability of our impacts to society, this was an important step  
in our ESG maturity.

18 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTALRisk Management
2021 Alignment Outcomes 
In our first year of TCFD risk management, 
we sought to integrate our process with 
our ERM system from the very start. 
Having identified our climate-related risks 
and opportunities, we have included 
these factors in our ERM systems and will 
evaluate each of these factors along with all 
risks to our business on an annual cadence. 
Future Enhancement 
Aligned with our next steps for strategy, 
we are working to identify appropriate 
measures to manage these factors aligned 
with our ERM practices.
For more information on Risk Management, 
please see the Governance section of  
this report.Metrics and Targets
Metrics and targets used by Sunnova 
to assess climate-related risks and 
opportunities in line with strategy and 
risk management process is a future 
enhancement. We currently do disclose 
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions. For more information 
see Greenhouse Gas Emissions.
2021 Alignment Outcome: Factors Found Across Our ERM, ESG Materiality and TCFD AssessmentGovernance
2021 Alignment Outcomes 
Our Board of Directors has oversight 
of all ESG initiatives, including climate-
related risks and opportunities. In 2021, we 
presented the outcomes of our first climate 
risk assessment to the board and received 
approval for our future growth in alignment 
with TCFD, including integration with our 
ERM procedures. 
Future Enhancement 
We will seek to strengthen board oversight 
of climate-related risks and opportunities 
and share more frequent updates of our risk 
identification and targets. Strategy 
2021 Alignment Outcomes
In our first year of TCFD strategy, we 
engaged a third-party climate specialist 
to assess the climate-related risks and 
opportunities of our business over the short 
and long term. We engaged internal leads 
across the company to develop a long list of 
climate-related risks and opportunities and 
held workshops to align those that posed 
the greatest impact to our business. 
Future Enhancement
Our next steps in this process are to fully 
explore the impacts of these risks and 
opportunities on our business, to identify 
appropriate measures for risk management 
and to assess the resilience of these 
measures through climate scenario analysis 
of at least a 2°C scenario.In our first year of formal TCFD reporting, we took several steps to align our current ESG practices 
with the TCFD recommendations:
SUPPLY CHAIN DISRUPTION RETENTION/HIRING NATURAL DISASTER
Enterprise Risk Management High ranking High ranking High ranking
ESG Material Priority Topic Supply Chain Sustainability Human Capital Management Clean Energy Creation, Climate Risk
TCFD Category Transition, (Mainly) Physical Transition Transition, Physical
19 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTALGreenhouse Gas Emissions  
Scopes 1, 2 and 3
Where We Are in Our Journey
In 2021, we reviewed the scope, boundaries and data collection 
process of our Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG inventory. For this year,  
we chose to limit our Scope 3 disclosure to business travel,  
waste generated in operations and employee commute.
For 2020 previously disclosed Scopes 1 and 2, we revisited data 
collection and emissions calculation and methodologies to ensure 
consistency with the World Resources Institute (WRI) and World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development’s (WBCSD) The 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard (GHG Protocol).
The result of this review yielded the 2021 emissions realigned 2020 
emissions data which can be viewed on the following page.Goal: We will quantify and disclose 
a complete Scope 3 inventory for 
all material categories and set a 
climate target that includes all scope 
emissions by year-end 2023.How we will pursue this goal 
• We understand that knowledge is power: we are seeking to 
learn and understand aspects of our Greenhouse Gas (GHG) 
emissions Scope 3 categories, also referred to as value  
chain emissions.
• Over the next two years, we will conduct a deeper dive 
of Scope 3 activity, emission factor data and the related 
collection methods and management systems. We will 
develop a roadmap for how our Scope 3 data can be 
improved over time and how it will increase accuracy  
of the inventory. 
• In some cases, certain important data may not be readily 
available, and it will be necessary to explore ways to obtain 
the information from third-party vendors, develop new 
processes, systems and/or methods for future reporting.
20 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTAL2021 20201
Scope 12 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Stationary Combustion 91.20 235.10
Natural gas 91.20 147.30
Diesel oil30.00 87.80
Mobile Combustion 1,425.80 800.10
Motor gasoline 1,316.20 736.50
Diesel oil 109.60 63.60
Scope 1 - TOTAL 1,517.00 1,035.20
Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Stationary Sources 751.70 726.40
Purchased electricity - 
market based4751.70 726.40
Scope 2 - TOTAL 751.70 726.402021 20201
Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Business Travel5587.30 280.70
Flights 293.30 148.70
Car Rentals 249.80 114.80
Hotels 37.10 11.90
Taxis 7.10 5.30
Waste Generated  
in Operations9.29 9.34
Landfill 9.27 9.30
Recycled 0.02 0.04
Employee Commute 657.60 371.70
Scope 3 - TOTAL61,254.19 661.74
TOTAL Scope 1, Scope 2 
and Scope 33,522.89 2,423.341 The 2020 Sustainability report denoted 845 Scope 1 emissions and 10 Scope 2 emissions.  
These numbers have been revised after reassessment to align with WRI and WBCSD standards.
2 Zero percent of Sunnova’s Scope 1 emissions are covered under a regulatory program.
3 No diesel generator combustion activity occurred in 2021.
4 Scope two purchased electricity may be based on a forty-hour work week, but Sunnova’s 
purchased electricity goes beyond that traditional 40 hours and includes all hours of operation for 
our Houston service desk: Monday - Friday: 7 a.m. - Midnight (CT); Saturday: 7 a.m. - 9 p.m. (CT); 
Sunday: Noon-Midnight (CT).
5 There was a significant increase in Business Travel and Employee Commuting emissions due to 
“Return to Work.” Number of employees also increased by 85%.
6 Sunnova New Homes, acquisition finalized April 1, 2021. 2021 data includes Irvine, California 
offices and 100 new employees from acquistion.2021 and 2020 Sunnova GHG Inventory Data
21 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTAL
acres of U.S. forests in one year
acres of U.S. forests preserved from 
conversion to cropland in one year29,041,223
165,522
Source: https://www.epa.gov/energy/greenhouse-gas-equivalencies-calculator , Energy data: 34,627,301,498.1 kilowatt-hours based on total production over the lifetime of systems.Emissions Avoided
Over their lifetime, our current solar systems will help generate nearly 34.6 billion kWh  
of clean energy, or the equivalent to carbon sequestered by:Looking Ahead: Limiting 
and Offsetting Our Emissions
As we learn and document our emissions going forward to include 
Scope 3 purchased goods and services, we’ll better understand 
how to attempt to limit or offset those emissions. For example, we 
are currently attempting to purchase electric vehicles for our fleet 
services, but due to global supply chain issues, we did not finalize 
this purchase in 2021.
2021 Sunnova Emissions Comparison
Emissions (Metric Tons CO2e)tree seedlings grown for 10 years405,767,072
Sunnova Corporate Emissions 
Scopes 1, 2 and 3Avoided Emissions
from Sunnova SystemsTotal Corporate Emissions
Lease/PPA Systems
Loan Systems
Other (Services or Prepay)379,096
2,204,6552,592,526
3,523
22 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTAL
Green Financing Framework  
and Green Bond Reporting
A Platform for Transparent  
and Sustainable Finance
Consistent with our commitment to sustainable business practices 
and advancing corporate social responsibility within the solar 
industry, Sunnova developed a Green Financing Framework that 
details which type of projects are eligible for financing / refinancing 
with the net proceeds of various types of financings Sunnova elects 
to use. The framework addresses the four major components of the 
International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) Green Bond 
Principles (2021), which outlines eligible use of proceeds, the 
process for project evaluation and selection, the management of 
proceeds and reporting.
View Cicero’s second party opinion.Beyond diversifying the company’s access to capital, this 
framework also allows Sunnova to demonstrate its qualifications 
to investors who seek third-party assessed renewable energy 
investment opportunities. Sunnova obtained a Second Party Opinion 
from CICERO Shades of Green that provided an independent review 
on the environmental credentials and the framework’s alignment 
with the Green Bond Principles from the ICMA. The framework 
earned the highest possible rating, Dark Green, reflecting a broad, 
qualitative review of the climate and environmental risks and 
ambitions. The rating methodology aims to provide transparency to 
investors that seek to understand and act upon potential exposure 
to climate risks and impacts.
Under the Green Financing Framework, designated Green 
Financings will be required to meet internal eligibility criteria that 
align with the ICMA’s Green Bond Principles. Net proceeds from any 
Green Financings may be used for the capital investment, research, 
development, acquisition, manufacturing, distribution, maintenance 
and operation of solar energy and storage systems and enabling 
technologies for solar energy storage and optimization.Empowering Puerto Rico:  
Dayra’s Story
Category 5 Hurricane Maria unleashed a devastating 
display of force across Puerto Rico in 2017. Wind 
speeds topped 170 mph and the entire island suffered 
widespread communications and electricity loss. In 2021, 
four years after Maria, Dayra found herself living with 
her mother and her daughter in Coamo, thinking about 
the future. What would the next storm bring and how 
could she better prepare? That’s when she decided to 
invest in a system powered by solar, a system she could 
monitor on her phone 24/7, wherever she was on the 
island. Solar offered Dayra a practical way to gain energy 
independence, especially as more significant weather 
events become more of a regular occurrence. Dayra’s 
system was partially financed with the net proceeds from 
Sunnova’s Green High-Yield Bond.
System Activated July 2021
Lifetime production (MWh)  
through December 20212.9
CO2 avoided from in-service date  
to December 2021 (metrics tons)2.1
23 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
ENVIRONMENTAL
Overview of Green Bond 
Framework and Issuance
For 2021, we issued three Green Financings (2021-B Loan Asset-
Backed Securities (ABS), 2021-C Loan ABS and 5.875% Senior 
unsecured notes) and published reporting on the use of net 
proceeds per the metrics below:
• Number of customers with installed systems
• Amount of solar capacity installed
• Top locations with allocated funds
• Total amount of expected annual solar production
• Resulting amount of expected CO2e avoided
For further details and calculation methodology, please see the 
corresponding Attestation Report of Independent Accountants 
documents, located on our Green Finance webpage.
An Industry First
Sunnova issued the first of its kind $400 million Green High-Yield 
Bond in the residential solar industry. Sunnova also went through 
the first-ever Moody’s and S&P ratings process for a residential 
solar company and achieved B1/ B- ratings on the 5.875% Senior 
Unsecured Notes with stable company outlooks. Over a 4+ day 
roadshow, Sunnova marketed and placed the $400 million bonds 
with a wide-ranging group of investors.Winter Storm Uri: 
Kevin’s Story 
In February 2021, a major winter storm, unofficially 
named Winter Storm Uri, placed a far-reaching grip on 
the U.S., including the entire state of Texas. While the 
state dealt with record low temperatures, ice and snow, 
it also underscored the need for reliable and resilient 
energy to help provide families with peace of mind when 
they need it most. Kevin’s story is just one example of 
how Sunnova’s range of renewable energy products 
can help customers solve their current energy needs 
while preparing for a more sustainable future. Kevin’s 
system was partially financed with the net proceeds from 
Sunnova’s Green High-Yield Bond.$735
million in net proceeds 
from the 2021 green 
financings transactions
See the videoSystem Activated October 2021
Lifetime production (MWh)  
through December 20212.1
CO2 avoided from in-service date  
to December 2021 (metrics tons)1.5 $201
$386
$148million in net 
proceeds for  
2021-B
million in net proceeds 
for 5.875% senior 
unsecured notes
million in net 
proceeds for  
2021-C
24 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
SOCIALSOCIALSunnova was founded with the vision to 
become the world’s first and largest wireless 
power company — creating social value for all 
stakeholders, customers and communities. 
As we move toward that future, our continued success is due 
to our strong partnerships and innovative ways of engaging our 
employees, customers, vendors and communities. In 2021, we 
almost doubled our workforce, highlighting the success of our 
commitment to hiring a wide variety of skilled, diverse talent  
through both traditional and non-traditional avenues.
ABOUT
SOCIAL
GOVERNANCE
DATA AND APPROACHENVIRONMENTAL
Human Capital Management 
 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
Dealer Engagement
25 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
SOCIALHuman Capital Management 
We are building a foundation for future energy 
leaders. Sunnova is proud to be a place where 
the top talent in the energy business not only 
wants to be but knows they can build the 
foundation for a long and rewarding career.  
We are helping employees find success and 
growth opportunities at every level within  
the company. Attracting the Best Talent
We are making significant efforts to reach out to communities and 
groups traditionally underrepresented in the energy sector. As 
renewable energy jobs become a key part of the modern American 
economy, we want to be leaders in ensuring everyone has an 
opportunity to participate in these new opportunities and develop 
rewarding careers.
Helping Our Talent Develop
As the company grows, we are also evolving the ways in which 
we develop talent from within. Our senior leadership takes pride in 
helping younger and newer employees grow into their next roles 
and we are making specific efforts to build stepping stones for 
lower-level employees to help them transition into roles with more 
responsibility. The Women’s Leadership Network is a great example 
of our mentorship mindset. Learn more here.
Fostering Longevity 
In 2021, we made great strides towards reducing our turnover by 
5% from the previous year. However, our goal is not complete 
until we can demonstrate our year-over-year maintenance of this 
threshold through 2025 as part of our commitment to our long-term 
goal. We look forward to reporting on this crucial indicator and 
demonstrating our long-term management approach.Goal: We will work to reduce  
year-over-year voluntary turnover  
to 15% by 2025. 
How we will pursue this goal
• Attracting the Best Talent
• Helping Our Talent Develop
• Fostering Longevity
• Celebrating Our SuccessesCelebrating Our Successes
We received several awards in 2021 as a testament to our hard work 
and leadership within the energy industry. Below are highlights of 
those awards that have a direct impact on our ESG performance. 
Among the recognitions, we ranked on Inc.com‘s Inaugural Best 
Led Companies 250, which signifies leadership in governance and 
risk management.
Sunnova is proud that our employees nominate us for awards 
year after year. We conduct employee surveys annually. We strive 
to create the most fulfilling and exciting work environment in the 
energy sector and we are humbled to see that recognition, but know 
there is still plenty more to do. 
• Inc Award: Best Led Companies
• Grit Awards: Best Energy Workplace
• Parks Associates Top Leader in Tech Award:  
Michael Grasso EVP, Chief Marketing and Growth Officer
26 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
SOCIALAs of December 31, 2021, we had 738 employees across 
our operations. The following data discloses age and 
gender information over the past two years for comparison.Employee Age Demographics
growth in headcount  
in one yearreduced  
turnoverEmployee Profile
Number of Employees Turnover2021 2021
2020 2020
738
398
21.7 %
27%
85% 5%
63.2 % 36.8 %
62% 38%Employee Gender Demographics
Male Female
2021 2021 2020 2020
738
total employees61.3 %
14.3 %67%
13%Below age 30Age 30 to 50
Above Age 5024.4 %
20%2021 2020Our Employee Profile: By the Numbers “Because we’re a small, but 
growing company, employees 
here have a voice. We’re 
making serious efforts to hire 
and develop talent to keep 
that voice as diverse and 
representative as possible.”
—  La Tasha Bernard, Vice President, Talent Strategy

27 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
SOCIALDiversity, Equity  
and Inclusion 
Step One: Initiate the 
Strategic Process
As part of our strategic process, we are working to formalize and 
enhance our process for enterprise diversity reporting so that we 
can confidently assess current performance and build strategy. 
Reviewing our current systems, we felt it important to begin our 
strategic work at the senior leadership level. Over time, we commit to formalizing a consistent definition for our banding structures,  
to publish our diversity metrics across these banding structures,  
and to build strategy to reflects our baseline performance across  
our organization. 
Step Two: Formalize a Strategy
We will manage and process input and share relevant information 
with our leadership. We will identify actionable insights about our 
employees’ needs to make better decisions.
Step Three: Governance
Our Chief Human Resources Officer and our Chief of Staff will 
oversee our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts jointly. In 2021, 
we established a diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) committee to 
foster real organizational change, establish a dedicated focus on 
diversity and inclusion priorities and promote our DEI efforts across 
the business. In the coming year, the Committee will work to ensure 
tight alignment with the organization’s overall business strategy and 
engage employees throughout the company.
For more information on our DEI efforts, read our DEI Committee 
Charter here.Goal: We will work to improve 
estimated year-end 2021 racial/ethnic 
minority representation for mid-level 
leadership1 by 20% by 2025. 
How we will pursue this goal
• Step One: Initiate the Strategic Process
• Step Two: Formalize a Strategy
• Step Three: Governance“We formed the DEI Committee 
to help Sunnova find ways to 
continue building progress in its 
broader diversity and inclusion 
efforts. We hope this will help our 
company family learn from each 
other and further our efforts in 
being inclusive and understanding 
our diverse culture.”
—  Arthur (Art) L. DuBose,  
Executive Vice President,  
Chief Human Resources Officer
1 Within Sunnova, we define mid-level leadership as senior positions with General Manager, Director, Senior Director, VP and SVP titles.
TYPE DESCRIPTION 2021
Diversity and 
Inclusion Metrics 
Mid-level 
Leadership2 + Races (%) 3.9%
African American (%) 4.0%
Asian (%) 7.9%
Hispanic (%) 14.5%
White (%) 69.7%
28 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
SOCIALCommunity Engagement
Community engagement is a priority goal coming out of our 2021 
Materiality Assessment. We are actively working to develop an even 
more robust community engagement strategy to further amplify our 
impact in the communities we serve. To that end, we have elevated 
our community engagement efforts and document them in our 
Government Affairs and Advocacy section of this report.
Diversity and Inclusion Metrics Workforce Diversity
We strive for diverse representation across the global  
workforce and work hard to maintain an environment where 
employees feel welcomed, respected, supported and valued to 
participate and succeed. By the numbers, we have made great 
strides in our employee diversity as a company, with over 62%  
of our employees self-identifying as minority and we intend to bring 
that same momentum to the growing diversity of our leadership 
levels in the coming years.
Mentoring Through the  
Women’s Leadership Network
In 2020, Sunnova’s Women Leadership Network (WLN) was 
established to promote diversity of gender and inclusivity within 
the company and to provide a platform for women to foster career 
development and facilitate communication between women 
within and beyond the Sunnova community. Membership is open 
to employees of all genders and has been highly successful in 
supporting and advocating for broader inclusion initiatives across 
the company. 
Independent Ethics Hotline 24/7
We take seriously our commitment to 
workplace wellness and being able to bring 
one’s full self to work at Sunnova without 
fear. We have several workplace policies in 
place and formal grievance escalation and 
confidential reporting for all associates.
White
Hispanic
Asian
African 
American
2+ Races
Hawaiian 
Pacific Island
American Indian 
Alaska Native37.8 %
37.8 %
11.0 %
10.5 %
2.4 %
0.5 %
0.0 %38.2 %
34.4 %
15.0 %
9.3 %
2.3 %
0.3 %
0.5 %2021
2020
29 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
SOCIAL
Dealer  
Engagement
Through our differentiated dealer model, we work hand-in-hand 
with established, local dealers who originate, design and install 
our customers’ solar energy and energy storage systems on 
our behalf. The model also enables us to leverage our dealers’ 
specialized knowledge, connections and experience in local 
markets and allows us to amplify our positive impact at the 
local level in communities across the country. Our dealers are 
an extension of our team and we count on and encourage their 
entrepreneurial spirit to support our growth and overall success.
Dealer Code of Conduct
We expect our dealers to share our commitment to ethics  
and compliance. Our Dealer Code of Conduct outlines our  
expectations for how Sunnova conducts business and serves as  
a resource to help ensure that dealers’ actions are representative  
of our shared values. The Dealer Code of Conduct Includes  
Topics Such as:
• Complying with all applicable benefits, leave, wage and hourly  
and other employment laws 
• Ensuring a work environment free from discrimination, abuse  
and harassment, force or coercion, illegal employment or 
inhumane treatment 
• Preventing pollution and waste, conserving natural resources, 
reducing environmental footprint and identifying methods to 
minimize packaging and shipping materials 
Consumer Protection
Accountability, trust and service are the bedrock of our business. 
We have advocated for consumer protection legislation to prevent 
predatory sales practices in the solar business. Our Dealer Code of 
Conduct establishes clear policies and expectations of our dealers 
with respect to marketing and sales practices and compliance 
designed to safeguard customer rights.

30 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
SOCIALSelling Practices,  
Training and Expectations
We expect dealers to understand the potential customer’s suitability 
for solar, including the condition, age and physical integrity of the 
roof where a solar system is to be installed. No one in the dealer’s 
organization will harass, threaten or badger customers, or use high-
pressure, abusive, deceptive or unfair sales practices. Our dealers 
will not sell to customers who are not suitable under Sunnova’s 
guidelines, or to any customer who due to language barriers, health 
or other evident conditions, is unable to fully understand the terms 
of the contract. 
Dealer Diversity
While we view our dealers as an extension of Sunnova, they 
remain independent entrepreneurs. Our dealer model provides 
opportunities in diverse communities to pursue the dream of 
starting a small business. With Sunnova’s brand and backing,  
these individuals are well equipped to take on the challenges  
of entrepreneurship with confidence. Health and Safety
In 2021, our employees completed 8,734 total training hours. 
This includes new hire safety training, new hire safety training 
certification in OSHA 10, OSHA 30, the American Ladder Institute, 
OSHA Fall Protection Training and Tripod Suspension and Defensive 
Driving. We also conducted 46 weekly safety meetings and issued 
340+ safety training certifications over the course of 2021.
Our technicians are on the front lines of helping our customers 
achieve energy independence. While these employees are 
distributed in communities across the country, we bring every new 
technician to our headquarters in Houston to complete a specialized 
safety training. 
The increase in incidents correlates with the increase in employee 
and dealer population.
2021 2020
Safety Policy (Y/N) Y Y
Total Recordable Incident 
Rate (TRIR) – Employees1.5 1.4
Fatalities – Employees 0 0
Incidents 10 6“On a weekly basis, the Sunnova 
team goes out of their way to 
support us. It’s nice that they’re 
always just a text message 
away. One of the other major 
benefits of partnering with 
Sunnova is that it’s a U.S. based 
publicly traded company that 
you know isn’t fly by night. 
We certainly feel safe putting 
our business with Sunnova.”
—  Alex Yackery, Co-founder, Venture Solar

31 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
GOVERNANCEGOVERNANCEAt Sunnova, we are committed to leading with integrity, 
fostering a culture of honesty, maximizing performance 
and embracing ethical business practices.
This year, with oversight from the Nominating, Corporate Governance 
and Sustainability Committee, we made great strides in refining 
our ESG approach, strategy and performance as outlined in our 
Committee Charter. We conduct our business in a responsible manner 
with oversight by our Board of Directors and executive management in 
compliance with our ethics and compliance policies and programs.
ABOUT
SOCIAL
DATA AND APPROACHENVIRONMENTAL
 Sustainability Governance and Oversight 
 
Risk Management Approach 
 
Board Diversity and Independence 
 
Supply Chain Management and Sustainability 
 
Government Affairs 
 
Community EngagementGOVERNANCE
32 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
GOVERNANCESustainability Governance  
and Oversight “The Board and the company 
are united in wanting to put the 
power of energy in people’s 
hands. Given the breadth and 
diversity of leadership from the 
Board, we can offer unique 
guidance as Sunnova enters 
this incredible growth phase.”
—  Anne Slaughter Andrew, Chair, Nominating,  
Corporate Governance and Sustainability CommitteeCorporate Sustainability Governance  
and OversightWe seek to empower Sunnova employees to 
be champions of ESG within their roles and 
responsibilities. Our vision is to embed ESG 
throughout the organization through continuous 
education and engagement. 
Our leadership begins at the top, with the Nominating, Corporate 
Governance and Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors 
overseeing our sustainability strategy and providing reviews and 
oversight of our sustainability disclosures and engagement.
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• Serves as ESG S teering Comm ittee Cha ir
• 
• Member of the ESG S teering Comm ittee
• Reports directly to the EVP, Chief of StaffOversees the development of Sunnova's 
sustainability strategy
Reviews and provides oversight of 
sustainability disclosures and engagement
Head of Sustainability reporting to the CEO
Approves and directs sustainability protocol 
across the organization
Acts as a liaison between all executive leadership
Includes leaders from across the business and 
subject matter experts in key functions
Active adv ocates of sustainability, ensuring our 
key corporate value of “Sustainability” is integrated 
throughout the company
Dedicated role for coordinating and aligning 
sustainability comm unications and projects within 
the organizationNominat ing, 
Corporate 
Governance and 
Sustainability 
Commi ttee
Executive 
Vice President, 
Chief of Staff
Environmen tal, 
Social and 
Governance 
Steering 
Commi ttee
Environmen tal, 
Social and 
Governance 
Project Manager
33 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
GOVERNANCEEthics and Governance 
Documents
At Sunnova, we live and operate by our values, 
which includes advancing the company and the 
energy industry through collaboration, integrity, 
respect and long-trusted relationships. 
• Sunnova Environmental Policy,  
Minerals Conflict Statement
• Audit Committee Charter
• Compensation and Human Capital  
Committee Charter
• Nominating, Governance and Sustainability  
Committee Charter
• Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee Charter
• Corporate Governance Guidelines
• Vendor Code of Conduct, Ethical Sourcing Policy,  
and Human Rights Policy
• Code of Conduct
• Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior  
Financial Officers
• Ethics Employee HotlineRisk Management  
Approach 
The Board provides oversight of the major risks 
facing the company and has delegated risk 
oversight responsibility as follows:
• The Audit Committee oversees risks relating to financial matters, 
financial reporting, auditing and cybersecurity.
• The Compensation and Human Capital Committee oversees  
risks relating to the design and implementation of the  
company’s compensation and other human capital management 
policies and procedures. At least annually, the committee reviews 
and discusses with management human capital management 
matter relevant to the company’s employees and, where 
applicable, independent contractors, including recruitment and 
retention, workplace health and safety, diversity and inclusion, 
culture and employee engagement, pay equity, the general 
approach to broadbased compensation, benefits and employee 
growth and development practices.
• The Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability 
Committee evaluates potential conflicts of interest and 
independence of directors, develops corporate governance 
principles and has oversight of the company’s ESG program.  As stated in the “Aligning with TCFD” section of this report, 
we are working to further align climate risks and opportunities 
within our existing corporate ERM program. Our ERM program 
is designed to ensure that all significant risks to the company, 
on a consolidated basis, are being managed and monitored 
appropriately. Meetings are held at least quarterly to discuss risk 
mitigation efforts to manage identified risks. To learn more about 
our risk factors and our ERM, read our 10-K
34 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
GOVERNANCE
Board Diversity  
and Independence
We value diversity and understand the importance 
of having an independent board of directors.
Our Board originally consisted of private equity-backed directors 
and as those investors began to divest, we worked to welcome 
board members with a range of perspectives, backgrounds, 
ethnicities and expertise to build a public company board.  
We introduced three new board members in total between October 
2020 and October 2021.
Directors’ Independence
2020
Independent
Non-independent
81
8Our newest Board Member - 
Mary Yang
With more than 25 years of technology industry 
experience, Mary brings important strategic and M&A 
experience to Sunnova’s Board of Directors. During 
her tenure at Ciena Corporation, she served as Senior 
Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Mary 
currently serves on our board’s audit committee.
Nora Mead Brownell (2020)
Nora joined the Sunnova 
Board of Directors in October 
2020 and provides invaluable 
regulatory expertise as a former 
Federal Energy Regulatory 
Commission Commissioner with 
additional tenure in other public 
advisory roles. Akbar Mohamed (2020)
Akbar joined the Sunnova Board 
of Directors in December 2020 and 
brings essential knowledge as the 
President of Prime Communications, 
the largest authorized AT&T dealer 
in the United States. He will provide 
a crucial focus on managing 
and developing the customer/
dealer relationship as Sunnova’s 
network grows.
52.9Directors’  
Average Age:
2.1Directors’  
Average Tenure:
years yearsOur Board by the Numbers
Directors’ Gender
20207
2Female
Male
35 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
GOVERNANCESupply Chain Management  
and Sustainability
Supplying with Confidence
We seek suppliers and vendors whose environmental ambitions  
and strategies align with our own and aim to quantify and report  
the environmental impacts of our upstream partners. 
Continuing Education
We are helping our suppliers discover and implement new ways to 
continually reduce the impact of their manufacturing and production 
processes. As we do so, we’re also understanding potential 
immediate issues, including ecological degradation, significant 
consumption of water, energy and other natural resources, 
significant greenhouse gas emissions and waste outputs. It is our 
responsibility to report on each of these while helping our suppliers 
improve as part of our commitment to environmental responsibility in 
the supply chain.Waste Management
Sunnova is committed to circular waste management practices of 
reusing and repurposing solar waste. Through our partnership with 
We Recycle Solar, we repurposed 23 tons and recycled 20 tons 
of lithium battery materials, comprised of mixed metal, plastic and 
packaging commodities.
Supply Chain Policies
Our Vendor Code of Conduct outlines our expectations for our 
partners to operate in an ethical and safe manner. We expect 
our suppliers to mitigate their climate impacts and reduce 
waste in their operations and to adhere to our standards of 
quality requirements. We expect all our partners to comply 
with the requirements outlined in our Vendor Code of Conduct, 
including stringent requirements for respecting human rights and 
acknowledging that their operations do not violate human rights 
protections, as outlined in the Code. Sunnova’s supplier due 
diligence process includes provisions specific to the polysilicon 
supply chain. We are currently in the process of collecting this type 
of data within our supplier engagement system.
• Vendor Code of Conduct, Ethical Sourcing Policy  
and Human Rights Policy
• Sunnova Environmental Policy, Minerals Conflict StatementGoal: We will plan to institute a 
supplier engagement system to 
quantify ESG impacts for all Tier 1 
suppliers by 2023. “Over the last year, it’s been 
encouraging to see how 
some of our approved module 
manufacturers are quickly pivoting 
their entire supply chains to ensure 
complete ethical and tracing 
transparency. We’re able to 
point our dealer network to these 
manufacturers with confidence.” 
—  Laura Fernandez, Vice President, Director of Supply Chain

36 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
GOVERNANCEGovernment Affairs
Legislative and  
Regulatory Advocacy
Aligning with Our Mission
Sunnova actively engages policymakers at the federal, state and 
local levels to advocate for issues that advance our mission to 
power energy independence. Sometimes we do this through direct 
lobbying and other times via trade associations we support.
National and International Policies
Among our big wins in 2021, the most important was our work on 
the Build Back Better bill. We helped to ensure that the bill included 
a 30% investment tax credit (ITC) extension, standalone storage ITC 
and direct pay option, as well as solar manufacturing tax credits. 
Although the bill ultimately did not pass, it is the most substantial 
piece of climate legislation ever considered by Congress. 
We also advocated against tariffs on solar panels, which increase 
costs for consumers by up to 30% according to Wood Mackenzie.
As part of that advocacy, we submitted comments to the 
International Trade Commission during their consideration of the 
Section 201 tariff extension and asked them to eliminate the tariffs. 
Additionally, we participated in industry efforts to ensure best 
practices and compliance with the Withhold Release Order (WRO) 
on polysilicon from China’s Xinjiang province.Local and State-level Efforts
Sunnova also engaged in state-level advocacy. For example, in 2021, 
we helped get property tax exemptions passed in Texas, Connecticut 
and South Carolina. We also worked with a broad coalition of 
companies and non-profit groups to push for a fair outcome in the 
California net-metering decision, which is still ongoing.
In addition to these efforts, we:
• pushed back against interconnection fees and demand charges 
in the Pedernales Electric Cooperative in Texas 
• supported legislation that clarified a property tax exemption 
for California solar energy projects that employ partnership flips 
for financing
• opposed changes to net energy metering in Sacramento 
Municipal Utility District in California and Florida
• fought solar customer charges in Arizona, New York, Texas 
and Puerto Rico
• supported solar incentives in Illinois, New Jersey, Massachusetts 
and Puerto Rico
• promoted adoption of SolarAPP+ in collaboration with a coalition 
of other companies, non-profits and the government. SolarAPP+ 
facilitates rooftop solar adoption by making it easier for local 
governments to approve project permits quickly and safely 

37 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
GOVERNANCE“ We manage relationships with over twenty trade associations, and we 
serve on the Board and executive committee of the Solar Energy Industries 
Association (SEIA). We are committed to being industry leaders, advocating 
for strong solar policies and ensuring that consumers have the right to 
put solar on their homes without having to pay unfair taxes or fees.”
—  Meghan Nutting, Executive Vice President, Government and Regulatory Affairs
2021 U.S. C3E Award - 
Meghan Nutting
In November 2021, our Executive Vice President 
of Government and Regulatory Affairs, Meghan 
Nutting, won the 2021 U.S. C3E Award for 
her collaborative work advancing the goals of 
the clean energy industry. The annual award 
highlights female leadership in energy and she 
was specifically recognized for working with 
stakeholders to move critical pieces of policy 
and legislation forward in more than 20 states, 
including Arizona, California, Connecticut and 
Puerto Rico.

38 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
GOVERNANCEGoal: We will work to contribute  
2,500 total employee volunteer hours 
to organizations whose causes align 
with our mission and ESG goals by 
year-end 2025. 
How we will pursue this goal
• Step One: Consulting our Workforce
• Step Two: Formalizing a Strategy
• Step Three: Governance
• Sunnova’s Charitable DonationsCommunity Engagement
Offering a helping hand to those in need and creating change 
together with the community are two ways we implement and 
achieve our social investment strategy. Currently, we invest in 
community-based projects and initiatives that align with our core 
values. We are actively working to develop an even more robust 
community engagement strategy to further our impact in the 
communities we serve.Step One: Consulting  
Our Workforce
We will survey our workforce and collect innovative ideas, allowing 
our workforce community to express priorities for budget allocation 
and organize our findings.
We will then manage and process community members’ input 
and share relevant information with our leadership. Lastly, we will 
identify actionable insights about our community’s needs to make 
better decisions.
Step Two: Formalizing a Strategy
Our community engagement strategy will be driven by our three 
focus areas of giving: education and employee development, the 
environment and community. The committee will review an annual 
social investment budget and provide feedback on our social 
investment and engagement strategies.
Building Better Culture 
In 2021, we added Diversity and Inclusion 
as an emerging employee resource group 
to consult and ensure we are furthering 
diversity and inclusion in the areas where 
we operate.Step Three: Governance
Our Chief of Staff will oversee our social investment and community 
engagement efforts with our executive leadership team. We will 
govern these efforts at the board level through our Nominating, 
Governing and Sustainability Committee. 
Sunnova’s Charitable Donations
Sunnova has made charitable donations to VoteSolar, WRISE  
and IREC. In Houston, we have been active with a number of 
community efforts, including volunteering with and contributing  
to the Houston Area Women’s Center, Child Advocates, the 
Houston Food Bank and other community-focused groups. We 
support employee volunteer activities, and encourage employees  
to volunteer their time and to participate in charitable work within 
their local communities.

39 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHDATA AND APPROACH
ABOUT
SOCIALENVIRONMENTAL
Performance Data 
 
Non-GAAP Reconciliation 
 
SASB Index 
 
TCFD Index 
 
Material Topics Definitions 
 
Financial and Operational DefinitionsGOVERNANCE
DATA AND APPROACH
40 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHPerformance Data
TYPE DESCRIPTION 2021 2020
Financial ($ millions)1Adjusted EBITDA2$86 $60
Principal3 and Interest Payments received on solar loans $93 $56
Adjusted Operating Cash Flow2$58 $11
Recurring Operating Cash Flow2$2 $(10)
Operational Estimated Gross Contracted Customer Value at year-end $4,337 $2,997
Estimated Net Contracted Customer Value at year-end $2,105 $1,707
Cumulative Number of Customers, net4195,400 107,500
Cumulative Megawatts (MW) Deployed51,140 MW 792 MW
Metric Tons of CO2e Avoided52.6 million 1.7 million
kWh of Clean Energy63.6 billion 2.4 billion
States and Territories Where We Operate 25+ 22
Dealers and Sub-Dealers 814 435
Battery Penetration Rate 11% 9%
Governance
Board Diversity Number of Board members 9 9
Independent Board members (%) 89% 89%
Number of women on the Board 3 2
Directors who are women (%) 33% 22%
Ethics Code of Conduct and Ethics (Code) (Y/N) Y Y
Environmental
Environmental Management Environmental Policy (Y/N) Y Y1 See accompanying reconciliation.
2 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Cash Flow and Recurring Operating Cash 
Flow are non-GAAP financial measures.
3 Net of amounts recorded in revenue.
4 See Cumulative Number of Customers in Financial and Operational Definitions.
5 Based on the accumulative actual production (kWh) for systems as of year-end.
6 The kWh estimated lifetime PV production value corresponds to lifetime 
accumulative billed production through 12/31/2021 for systems placed in service 
on or before 12/31/2021.
41 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHTYPE DESCRIPTION 2021 2020
Greenhouse Gas EmissionsScope 18 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Stationary Combustion 91.20 235.10
Natural Gas 91.20 147.30
Diesel Oil90.00 87.80
Mobile Combustion 1,425.80 800.10
Motor Gasoline 1,316.20 736.50
Diesel Oil 109.60 63.60
Scope 1 - TOTAL 1,517.00 1,035.20
Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Stationary Sources 751.70 726.40
Purchased Electricity - Market Based10751.70 726.40
Scope 2 - TOTAL 751.70 726.40
Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (metric tons CO2e)
Business Travel11587.30 280.70
Flights 293.30 148.70
Car Rentals 249.80 114.80
Hotels 37.10 11.90
Taxis 7.10 5.30
Waste Generated in Operations 9.29 9.34
Landfill 9.27 9.30
Recycled 0.02 0.04
Employee Commute 657.60 371.70
Scope 3 - TOTAL121,254.19 661.74
Total Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 3,522.89 2,423.34Performance Data (continued)
7  The 2020 Sustainability report denoted 845 Scope 1 emissions and  
10 Scope 2 emissions. These numbers have been revised after reassessment  
to align with WRI and WBCSD standards.
8 Zero percent of Sunnova’s Scope 1 emissions are covered under a regulatory 
program.
9  No diesel generator combustion activity occurred in 2021.
10 Scope two purchased electricity may be based on a forty-hour work week, but 
Sunnova’s purchased electricity goes beyond that traditional 40 hours and includes 
all hours of operation for our Houston service desk: Monday - Friday: 7 a.m. - 
Midnight (CT Saturday: 7 a.m. - 9 p.m. (CT) Sunday: Noon Midnight (CT)).
11 There was a significant increase in Business Travel and Employee Commuting 
emissions due to “Return to Work”. Number of employees also increased by 85%.
12 Sunnova New Homes, acquisition finalized April 1, 2021. 2021 data includes Irvine, 
CA offices and 100 new employees from acquistion.7
42 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHTYPE DESCRIPTION 2021 2020
Social
Safety Safety Policy (Y/N) Y Y
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) – employees 1.5 1.4
Fatalities — employees 0 0
Incidents 10 6
Employee Profile Number of employees 738 398
Turnover Rate (%) 21.7% 27%
Employee Gender Demographics male (%) 63.2% 62%
female (%) 36.8% 38%
Employee Age Demographics below age 30 (%) 24.4% 20%
age 30 to age 50 (%) 61.3% 67%
above age 50 (%) 14.3% 13%
Diversity and Inclusion Metrics 2+ Races (%) 2.4% 2.3%
African American (%) 10.5% 9.3%
American Indian/Alaska Native (%) 0.0% 0.5%
Asian (%) 11.0% 15.0%
Hawaiian/Pacific Island (%) 0.5% 0.2%
Hispanic (%) 37.8% 34.4%
White (%) 37.8% 38.2%
Diversity and Inclusion Diversity initiatives (Y/N) Y Y
Diversity training and guidance (Y/N) Y Y
Diversity and Inclusion 
Metrics Mid-Level Leadership132 + Races (%) 4.0% -
African American (%) 4.1% -
Asian (%) 8.1% -
Hispanic (%) 13.5% -
White (%) 70.3% -Performance Data (continued)
13 Within Sunnova, we define mid-level leadership as senior positions with General 
Manager, Director, VP and SVP titles.
43 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHNon-GAAP Reconciliation
Year-ended December 31st, 
ADJUSTED EBITDA 2021 2020
Reconciliation of Net Loss to Adjusted EBITDA: (in thousands)
Net loss $(147,510) $(307,818)
Interest expense, net 116,248 154,580
Interest expense, net—affiliates – –
Interest income (34,228)  (23,741)
Income tax expense 260 181
Depreciation expense  85,600  66,066
Amortization expense  21,771 32
EBITDA  42,141 (110,700)
Non-cash compensation expense  17,236  10,873
ARO accretion expense 2,897  2,186
Financing deal costs 1,411  4,454
Natural disaster losses and related charges, net – 31
IPO costs – –
Acquisition costs 6,709 –
Loss on unenforceable contracts – –
Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net  9,824 142,772
Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net—affiliates – –
Unrealized (gain) loss on fair value instruments (21,988) (907)
Realized (gain) loss on fair value instruments – (835)
Amortization of payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus arrangements 2,968  1,820
Legal settlements – –
Provision for current expected credit losses 23,679  7,969
Non-cash inventory impairments 982 1,934
Adjusted EBITDA $85,859 $59,597
44 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHYear-ended December 31st,
ADJUSTED OPERATING CASH FLOW AND RECURRING OPERATING CASH FLOW 2021 2020
Reconciliation of Net Cash Used in Operating Activities to Recurring Operating Cash Flow: (in thousands)
Net cash used in operating activities $(209,230) $(131,466)
Principal proceeds from customer notes receivable 66,879 35,479
Financed insurance payments (2,254) (4,981)
Derivative origination and breakage fees from financing structure changes 8,936 48,672
Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests (15,854) (6,527)
Payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus arrangements  28,850  25,849
Net inventory and prepaid inventory purchases for asset-development activities 143,959 41,548
Payments of non-capitalized costs related to IPO – –
Payments of non-capitalized costs related to acquisitions  6,776 –
Payments of non-capitalized costs related to equity offerings 609  2,031
Payments of direct sales costs, excluding inventory 286  108
Payments to installers and builders for homebuilder asset-development activities 24,967 –
Payments of customer rewards 1,240 –
Proceeds from investments in solar receivables 3,231 –
Adjusted Operating Cash Flow 58,395 10,713
Cash paid for interest related to growth  28,730 24,291
Allocated sales and marketing expense 51,162 38,603
Cash expenditures related to growth 3,323 118
Principal debt repayments not related to growth or corporate debt (114,934) (74,660)
Corporate capital expenditures (10,294)  (9,245)
Net proceeds from cash sales (14,373) –
Recurring Operating Cash Flow $2,009 $(10,180)Non-GAAP Reconciliation (continued)
45 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHSASB Index
TOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC UNIT OF MEASURE CODES 2021 DISCLOSURE
Energy Management  
in Manufacturing1) Total energy consumed,  
2) percentage grid electricity,  
3) percentage renewableGigajoules (GJ),  
Percentage (%) RR-ST-130a.1 
RR-FC-130a.1  Energy Consumed: 26,319.37 GJ 
Percentage Grid Electricity: 25% 
Percentage Renewable: 0% (unable to determine current renewable energy useage from utility providers)
Hazardous Waste 
ManagementAmount of hazardous waste generated, 
percent recycledMetric tons (t),  
Percentage (%)RR-ST-150a.1 We do not have this data at this time but will seek to report on this topic in the future.
Number and aggregate quantity of 
reportable spills, quantity recoveredNumber,  
Kilograms (kg)RR-ST-150a.2 Spills: 0 
Quantity Recovered: 0 
Management of 
Energy Infrastructure 
Integration and  
Related RegulationsDescription of risks associated with 
integration of solar energy into existing 
energy infrastructure and discussion of 
efforts to manage those riskn/a RR-ST-410a.1 Sunnova mitigates challenges in solar integration through battery storage solutions, focusing on adoptions of micro-grids to 
enhance resilience and improve localized energy infrastructure. See Environmental and Government Affairs
Description of risks and opportunities 
associated with energy policy and its 
impact on the integration of solar energy 
into existing energy infrastructuren/a RR-ST-410a.2 While there are limited federal policies to support the adoption of solar energy in the U.S., Sunnova continues to lobby responsibly 
for policy mechanisms to support proliferation for residential solar. In addition, Sunnova has made use of the significant 
opportunities at the state level to finance residential solar, particularly in communities facing economic, infrastructural and 
environmental challenges. See Government Affairs
Product End-of-Life 
ManagementPercentage of systems sold that are 
recycleable or reusablePercengage RR-ST-410b.1 
RR-FC-410a.1We do not have this data at this time but will seek to report on this topic in the future.
Weight of end-of-life material recovered, 
percentage recycledMetric tons (t),  
Percentage (%)RR-ST-410b.2  
RR-FC-410b.2Total Gross Metric Tons Recovered: 40.8 
Total Net Metric Tons Repurposed: 20.8 
Total Net Metric Tons Recycled: 18.2 
Percentage Recycled: 44.6%
Percentage of products by revenue that 
contain IEC 62474 declarable substances, 
arsenic compounds, antimony compounds 
or beryllium compoundsPercentage (%) RR-ST-401b.3 We do not have this data at this time but will seek to report on this topic in the future.
Description of approach and strategies to 
design products for high-value recyclingn/a RR-ST-401b.4 Sunnova does not manufacture solar panels or batteries. Within the Sunnova Environmental Policy, our e-waste policy governs 
product recyclability and we partner with leading recycling partners to ensure responsible disposal of all electronic items and the 
reclamation and reuse of items that can be made circular. See Supply Chain Management and Sustainability Solar Technology and Project Developers Standard,  
Fuel Cells and Industrial Batteries Standards
46 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHTOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC UNIT OF MEASURE CODES 2021 DISCLOSURE
Materials Sourcing Description of the management of risks 
associated with the use of critical materialsn/a RR-ST-440a.1 
RR-FC-440a.1Sunnova does not manufacture solar panels or batteries. We have several strategies to limit waste and maximize the recyclability 
of the products we procure. Our e-waste policy governs product recyclability and we partner with leading recycling partners to 
ensure responsible disposal of all electronic items and the reclamation and reuse of items that can be made circular.  
See Supply Chain Management and Sustainability
Description of management of 
environmental risks associated with the 
polysilicon supply chain. Description of the 
management of risks associated with the 
use of critical materials. n/a RR-ST-440a.2 Sunnova’s supplier due diligence process includes provisions specific to the polysilicon supply chain. We monitor for 
environmental degradation and human rights violations and refuse to purchase from vendors who do not meet our standards for 
responsibility. See Supply Chain Management and Sustainability
Product Efficiency Average storage capacity of batteries,  
by product application and  
technology typeSpecific energy (Wh/Kg) RR-FC-410a.1 Sunnova uses four battery types: LG Chem, Generac, Enphase and Tesla Powerwall lithium-ion battery systems.  
The majority of batteries in use are Tesla Powerwall lithium ion battery systems. The specific energies for each are:
LG Chem RESU10H: 95.8 Wh/kg 
Generac PWRcell M6: 89Wh/kg 
Enphase Encharge 10: 21.10 Wh/kg 
Tesla Powerwall 2: 118 Wh/kg
Average battery efficiency as coulombic 
efficiency, by product and by  
technology typePercentage (%) RR-FC-410a.3 Sunnova uses four battery types: LG Chem, Generac, Enphase and Tesla Powerwall lithium-ion battery systems.  
The majority of batteries in use are Tesla Powerwall lithium ion battery systems, which have a coulombic efficiency of 90%.
Average operating lifetime of batteries,  
by product application and technology typeNumber of cycles RR-FC-410a.5 All batteries are warranted by the manufacturers for at least 10 years subject to temperature and cycle specifications.
Workforce Health  
and Safety 1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) and 
2) fatality rateRate RR-FC-320a.1 TRIR: 1.5 
Fatality Rate: 0
Description of efforts to assess, monitor 
and reduce exposure of workforce to 
human health hazardsn/a RR-FC-320a.2 Sunnova has safety policies and trainings for all associates that prohibit and mitigate practices identified as unsafe or hazardous. 
In addition, for Sunnova’s dealers, we have standard operating procedures, policies and trainings for all parties to ensure the 
safety of our business partners and customers. We use root cause analysis and leading risk management practices to continually 
improve our workplace safety policies, practices and trainings. See Dealer Engagement
Activity Metric Total capacity of photovoltaic (PV)  
solar modules produced  
Number of Units SoldMegawatt Hours (MWh)  
NumberRR-ST-000.A 
RR-FC-000.A Produced: 0 
Sold: 54,876 Systems 
Total capacity of completed solar systems 
Total storage capacity of batteries soldMegawatt Hours (MWh) RR-ST-000.B 
RR-FC-000.B Solar system capacity: 382.85 (MWh) 
Battery storage capacity: 194.23 (MWh)
Total project development assets Reporting Currency RR-ST-000.C $1.8 billion (PV + ESS + Battery Retrofit Installations)SASB Index (continued)
47 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHGOVERNANCE STRATEGY RISK MANAGEMENT METRICS AND TARGETS
Describe the board’s oversight of climate related risks  
and opportunitiesDescribe the climate-related risks and opportunities the 
organization has identified over the short, medium and  
long termDescribe the organization’s processes for identifying 
and assessing climate-related risksDisclose the metrics used by the organization to assess 
climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy 
and risk management process
Adopted  
see Climate Change Risks and Opportunities, GovernanceAdopted  
see Climate Change Risks and OpportunitiesAdopted  
see Climate Change Risks and Opportunities,  
Risk ManagementFuture Enhancement
Describe the management’s role in assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and opportunitiesDescribe the impact of climate-related risks and  
opportunities on the organization’s business, strategy  
and financial planningDescribe the organization’s process for managing  
climate-related risksDisclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks
Adopted  
see Climate Change Risks and Opportunities, GovernanceFuture Enhancement Future Enhancement Partially Adopted  
see Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scopes 1, 2 and 3
Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy,  
taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, 
including a 2-degree celsius or lower scenarioDescribe how processes for identifying, assessing and 
managing climate-related risks are integrated in the 
organization’s overall risk managementDescribe the targets used by the organization to manage 
climate-related risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets
Future Enhancement Adopted   
see Climate Change Risks and Opportunities,  
Risk ManagementFuture EnhancementTCFD Index
48 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHMaterial Topics Definitions
PRIORITY ISSUE CATEGORY ISSUE NAME ISSUE DEFINITION
Prioritize Environmental Climate Change Risks and Opportunities The physical and financial risks and opportunities of climate change for Sunnova (e.g. extreme weather events, natural disasters; and increased energy 
costs), and Sunnova's ability to recover from and manage climate risks across its operations and supply chain. 
Prioritize Governance Board Diversity and Independence Independence and diversity of Sunnova's Board of Directors. 
Prioritize Governance ESG Governance Oversight of ESG issues at the highest level of the organization. 
Prioritize Social Diversity and Inclusion of Employees Diverse representation across the global workforce and maintaining an environment where employees feel welcomed, respected, supported  
and valued to participate and succeed. 
Prioritize Social Human Capital Management Ability to attract and retain global skilled talent. This includes acquisition of talent, retention, training and development, succession planning, 
responsible approaches to downsizing and redeployment of workforces. Active participation of employees in company activities, employees'  
full involvement in and enthusiasm for their work and overall satisfaction and motivation of employees.
Prioritize Environmental Opportunities in Clean Energy Efforts to develop renewable power generation capacity and/or enable renewable power development through network expansion and "green power" 
offerings, including microgrids and virtual power plants. 
Prioritize Environmental Supply Chain Sustainability Environmental topics in the supply chain due to activities from Sunnova's suppliers, such as ecological degradation, significant consumption of water, 
energy and other natural resources, significant greenhouse gas emissions and waste outputs. Due diligence, transparency, reporting and certification 
to provide assurance of environmental responsibility in the supply chain. Use and transparency of raw materials in Sunnova's service offerings and 
supply chain. 
Prioritize Governance Lobbying and Advocacy Alignment between Sunnova's ESG commitments and lobbying practices including efforts to influence public policy development through direct 
engagement or through multi-stakeholder associations or initiatives.
Prioritize Social Supply Chain Labor Standards Labor issues and risks in the supply chain, such as forced labor, sexual harassment, human trafficking, modern slavery, working hours, health and 
safety, age of workers, remuneration, freedom of association and collective bargaining. This includes both materials suppliers and services suppliers 
(e.g. digital services, construction, janitorial, catering). Use of materials classified as conflict minerals or critical materials, as defined by the US 
National Research Council, in Sunnova's supply chain. This includes rare earth elements, platinum group metals and other elements such as cobalt, 
gallium, tantalum and tungsten. 
Manage Environmental Energy Management Sunnova's total energy use and use of renewable energy in operations. 
Manage Environmental Greenhouse Gas Emissions Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from Sunnova's operations, including direct activities (Scope 1), purchased energy (Scope 2) and supply chain 
emissions (Scope 3). Also referred to as carbon emissions.
49 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHPRIORITY ISSUE CATEGORY ISSUE NAME ISSUE DEFINITION
Manage Governance Data Security and Privacy Protecting information managed by Sunnova from unwanted parties and unauthorized access, such as security threats and cyberattacks. Ensuring 
customer, employee and corporate data are being collected, analyzed, stored, shared and transferred in a secure manner that upholds privacy and 
protects personal data from unwanted parties.
Manage Governance Ethical Business Practices Conducting Sunnova's business in an ethical way that not only complies with all regulations, but also protects and builds the company's reputation  
as a responsible business. This includes promoting competitive behavior; working against corruption, extortion and bribery; paying taxes, encouraging 
the use of ethics hotlines and grievance mechanisms, etc. Quality, accuracy and clarity of financial reporting in alignment with GAAP and other 
standards for financial disclosure. Independence of financial auditors. Accounting measures to ensure efficient operations while maintaining strong 
controls for business transactions. Policies, approval flows and backstops to ensure appropriate oversight of accounting systems. The timely, 
accessible and accurate disclosure of performance, goals and policies related to the company's ESG activities and impacts, and the use of such 
disclosures to drive change at a company or wider systems level. 
Manage Social Community Engagement Building long-term value in communities where Sunnova employees live and work. Investing in local communities via job creation, workforce 
development, volunteering and charitable contributions.
Manage Social Consumer Protection Safeguards for customers against unfair practices in the marketplace, including financial protections, transparent transactions and shared risk. 
Manage Social Dealer Sustainability Environmental responsibility of Sunnova's dealer activities. Dealers are defined as those independent entrepreneurs who are contracted through 
Sunnova to sell and/or install products on behalf of the company. 
Manage Social Health and Safety Safety of Sunnova employees and dealers against hazardous substances, workplace accidents and chronic or accute health impacts. 
Manage Social Pay Equity Equal compensation across comparable positions. Diligence to the compensation of historically underpaid groups, including pay discrimination based 
on gender, sexuality, disability, race or ethnicity. 
Manage Environmental Product Circularity  
and End-of-Life ManagementCircularity of Sunnova's service offerings and all product components, as well as responsible care, disposal, recycling and reuse at the end of their 
useful life. Solid waste generation and disposal in Sunnova's operations, including appropriate disposal of e-waste and measures to reuse and recycle 
products and parts.
Hazardous waste handling from electronic products and safe disposal in Sunnova’s operations.
Manage Governance Technological Innovation Development of new technologies and service offerings to enhance customer experiences, business growth and environmental and social impact. 
Manage Social Solar Equity and Justice Just and equitable access to solar energy and storage solutions, clean energy, economic develompent, financing and other opportunities. 
Manage Social Supplier and Dealer Diversity Diverse representation across Sunnova's suppliers. Diverse representation across Sunnova's dealer network. Dealers are defined as those 
independent entrepreneurs who are contracted through Sunnova to sell and/or install solar services on behalf of the company. Material Topics Definitions (continued)
50 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHFinancial and Operational Definitions
Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as net income (loss) plus net interest 
expense, depreciation and amortization expense, income tax expense, 
financing deal costs, natural disaster losses and related charges, net, 
losses on extinguishment of long-term debt, realized and unrealized 
gains and losses on fair value instruments, amortization of payments 
to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus arrangements, legal 
settlements and excluding the effect of certain non-recurring items we 
do not consider to be indicative of our ongoing operating performance 
such as, but not limited to, costs of our initial public offering (“IPO”), 
acquisition costs, losses on unenforceable contracts and other non-
cash items such as non-cash compensation expense, asset retirement 
obligation (“ARO”) accretion expense, provision for current expected 
credit losses and non-cash inventory impairments.
Interest Income and Principal Proceeds from Customer 
Notes Receivable, Net of Related Revenue are considered 
key performance metrics because under our loan agreements, the 
customer obtains financing for the purchase of a solar energy system 
from us and we agree to operate and maintain the solar energy system 
throughout the duration of the agreement. Pursuant to the terms of 
the loan agreement, the customer makes scheduled principal and 
interest payments to us and has the option to prepay principal at 
any time in part or in full. Whereas we typically recognize payments 
from customers under our leases and PPAs as revenue, we recognize 
payments received from customers under our loan agreements (a) as 
interest income, to the extent attributable to earned interest on the 
contract that financed the customer’s purchase of the solar energy 
system; (b) as a reduction of a note receivable on the balance sheet, 
to the extent attributable to a return of principal (whether scheduled or 
prepaid) on the contract that financed the customer’s purchase of the 
solar energy system; and (c) as revenue, to the extent attributable to 
payments for operations and maintenance services provided by us.For more information about metrics and important notes regarding our financial statements please refer to our periodic reports filed with the SEC and our quarterly 
earnings presentations available on our website at investors.sunnova.com
Adjusted Operating Expense is calculated as total operating 
expense less depreciation and amortization expense, financing deal 
costs, natural disaster losses and related charges, net, amortization 
of payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus arrangements, 
legal settlements direct sales costs, cost of revenue related to cash 
sales, unrealized losses on fair value instruments and excluding the 
effect of certain non-recurring items we do not consider to be indicative 
of our ongoing operating performance such as, but not limited to, costs 
of our IPO, acquisition costs, losses on unenforceable contracts and 
other non-cash items such as non-cash compensation expense, ARO 
accretion expense, provision for current expected credit losses and 
non-cash inventory impairments.
Adjusted Operating Cash Flow is calculated as net cash provided 
by (used in) operating activities plus principal proceeds from customer 
notes receivable, financed insurance payments and distributions to 
redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests less 
derivative origination and breakage fees from financing structure 
changes, payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus 
arrangements, net inventory and prepaid inventory (sales) purchases 
for asset-development activities, payments of non-capitalized costs 
related to our IPO, acquisitions and equity offerings, payments of direct 
sales costs, excluding inventory, to the extent the related solar energy 
system is financed through a loan, payments to installers and builders 
for homebuilder asset-development activities and payments  
of customer rewards.
Cumulative Number of Customers includes every unique individual 
possessing an in-service product that is subject to a Sunnova lease, 
PPA or loan agreement, or with respect to which Sunnova is obligated 
to perform a service under an active agreement between Sunnova 
and the individual or between Sunnova and a third party. For all solar energy systems or energy storage systems installed by us, in-service 
means the related solar energy system or energy storage system, as 
applicable, must have met all the requirements to begin operation and 
be interconnected to the electrical grid. For all products other than 
solar energy systems or energy storage systems, which are subject to 
a loan agreement between Sunnova and a customer, in-service means 
the customer is obligated to begin making payments to Sunnova under 
the loan agreement. We do not include in our number of customers any 
customer possessing a solar energy system or energy storage system 
under a lease, PPA or loan agreement that has reached mechanical 
completion but has not received permission to operate from the local 
utility or for whom we have terminated the contract and removed 
the solar energy system. We also do not include in our number of 
customers any customer that has been in default under his or her lease, 
PPA or loan agreement in excess of six months. We track the total 
number of customers as an indicator of our historical growth and our 
rate of growth from period to period.
Service represents a transaction that Sunnova, or Sunnova’s 
designee, performs in exchange for a fee from the customer and 
is counted for the duration of the customer relationship so long as 
that service is still in effect. A customer relationship is defined by the 
presence of at least one active agreement such as a service plan or 
similar offering.
Weighted Average Number of Systems is calculated based 
on the number of months a customer and any additional service 
obligation related to a solar energy system is in-service during a given 
measurement period. The weighted average number of systems 
reflects the number of systems at the beginning of a period, plus the 
total number of new systems added in the period adjusted by a factor 
that accounts for the partial period nature of those new systems. 
51 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHFinancial and Operational Definitions (continued)
For purposes of this calculation, we assume all new systems added 
during a month were added in the middle of that month. The number of 
systems for any end of period will exceed the number of customers, as 
defined above, for that same end of period as we are also including any 
additional services and/or contracts a customer or third party executed 
for the additional work for the same residence. We track the weighted 
average system count in order to accurately reflect the contribution  
of the appropriate number of systems to key financial metrics over the 
measurement period.
Number of Customers Deployed includes the change in the 
cumulative number of customers during a given measurement period.
Cash Asset Coverage Ratio is the ratio of (a) estimated net 
contracted customer value at a 6% discount rate to (b) the aggregate 
principal amount of the 5.875% senior notes due 2026. This ratio 
must be greater than 2.0 to 1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter 
beginning with the third quarter of 2021.
CFADS is calculated as net cash provided by (used in) operating 
activities plus principal proceeds from customer notes receivable, 
financed insurance payments and distributions to redeemable 
noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests less derivative 
origination and breakage fees from financing structure changes, 
payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus arrangements, 
net inventory and prepaid inventory (sales) purchases for asset-
development activities, payments of non-capitalized costs related 
to acquisitions and equity offerings, payments of direct sales costs, 
excluding inventory, to the extent the related solar energy system 
is financed through a loan, payments to installers and builders for 
homebuilder asset-development activities and payments of customer 
rewards, plus (a) for any period ending on or prior to December 31, 
2023, (1) general and administrative expense adjusted for the following 
non-cash items to the extent included in general and administrative 
expense: bad debt expense, depreciation and amortization expense, 
impairment and gain (loss) on disposals, net, non-cash compensation 
expense, ARO accretion expense, losses on unenforceable contracts 
and amortization of payments to dealers for exclusivity and other 
bonus arrangements and (2) net principal debt repayments related  
to securitizations minus (b) cash paid for interest not related  
to securitizations.Pro Forma CFADS is calculated as CFADS plus adjustments  
that include cash flows due to GAAP rules that are not classified  
as operating activities but would otherwise be considered  
operating activities.
Corporate Capital Reconciliation represents a breakout and 
reclassification of all cash flows not included in Recurring Operating 
Cash Flow into net investments we make into new assets, net 
proceeds from asset level non-recourse financing, net proceeds 
from corporate level and other recourse financing and other cash 
movements, each of which is further defined below.
Investments in New Systems is a component of Corporate Cash 
Reconciliation that represents all capitalized and expensed cash 
outflows, net of certain cash inflows, that are invested in projects and 
assets we are originating, building and placing into service during the 
period. These include purchases of property and equipment (net of 
corporate capital expenditures included in Recurring Operating Cash 
Flow), state utility rebates and tax credits, payments for investments 
and customer notes receivable, payments for investments in solar 
receivables, payments to dealers for exclusivity and other bonus 
arrangements, payments of customer rewards, net inventory and 
prepaid inventory purchases, payments of direct sales costs, excluding 
inventory, payments to installers and builders for homebuilder asset-
development activities, cash paid for interest related to growth, 
allocated sales and marketing expense, cash expenditures related to 
growth, gross margin on systems sold for cash and other cash flows 
from investing, net.
Net Proceeds from Tax Equity is a component of Corporate 
Cash Reconciliation that includes contributions from redeemable 
noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests, net of the 
payment of costs associated therewith.
Net Borrowings from Non-Recourse Debt (Net of Amortization 
in Recurring Operating Cash Flow) is a component of Corporate 
Cash Reconciliation that includes all asset level and non-recourse 
debt net proceeds and payments not already included in Recurring 
Operating Cash Flow. These include proceeds from long-term debt, 
net of deferred financing costs and debt discounts, less net proceeds 
from corporate debt included in Net Proceeds from Corporate Capital/Asset Sales; payments of long-term debt, excluding payments already 
included in Recurring Operating Cash Flow; payments on notes 
payable, net of financed insurance payments already included in 
Recurring Operating Cash Flow, derivative origination and breakage 
fees from financing structure changes excluded from Recurring 
Operating Cash Flow and other cash flows from financing, net.
Net Proceeds from Corporate Capital is a component of Corporate 
Cash Reconciliation that includes financing at the holding company 
and parent, including proceeds and payments of long-term debt from 
affiliates (inclusive of any equity component); proceeds from long-term 
debt (inclusive of any equity component), net of deferred financing 
costs and debt discounts, not included in Net Borrowings from Non-
Recourse Debt; proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of 
issuance costs, expenses and non-capitalized costs; and proceeds 
from the issuance of convertible preferred stock, net.
Other is a component of Corporate Cash Reconciliation that is not 
included in the above components, including payments of non-
capitalized costs related to acquisitions.
Estimated Gross Contracted Customer Value represents the sum 
of the present value of the remaining estimated future net cash flows 
we expect to receive from existing customers during the initial contract 
term of our leases and PPAs, which are typically 25 years in length, 
plus the present value of future net cash flows we expect to receive 
from the sale of related solar renewable energy certificates (“SREC”), 
either under existing contracts or in future sales, plus the cash flows we 
expect to receive from energy services programs such as grid services, 
plus the carrying value of outstanding customer loans on our balance 
sheet. From these aggregate estimated initial cash flows, we subtract 
the present value of estimated net cash distributions to redeemable 
noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests and estimated 
operating, maintenance and administrative expenses associated with 
the solar service agreements. These estimated future cash flows reflect 
the projected monthly customer payments over the life of our solar 
service agreements and depend on various factors including but not 
limited to solar service agreement type, contracted rates, expected sun 
hours and the projected production capacity of the solar equipment 
installed. For the purpose of calculating this metric, we discount all 
future cash flows at 4% “unless otherwise specified”.  
52 2021 ESG Report ABOUT ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE DATA AND APPROACH
DATA AND APPROACHFinancial and Operational Definitions (continued)
The anticipated operating, maintenance and administrative expenses 
included in the calculation of estimated gross contracted customer 
value include, among other things, expenses related to accounting, 
reporting, audit, insurance, maintenance and repairs. In the aggregate, 
we estimate these expenses are $20 per kilowatt per year initially, 
with 2% annual increases for inflation and an additional $81 per year 
non-escalating expense included for energy storage systems. We 
do not include maintenance and repair costs for inverters and similar 
equipment as those are largely covered by the applicable product 
and dealer warranties for the life of the product, but we do include 
additional cost for energy storage systems, which are only covered  
by a 10-year warranty.
Estimated Gross Renewal Customer Value represents the sum 
of the present value of future net cash flows we would receive from 
customers during two five-year renewal terms of our leases and PPAs, 
plus the present value of future net cash flows we expect to receive 
from the sale of related SRECs, either under existing contracts or 
in future sales. From these aggregate estimated renewal cash flows 
we subtract the present value of estimated net cash distributions to 
redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests and 
the estimated operating, maintenance and administrative expenses 
associated with the solar service agreements. For the purpose of 
calculating this metric, we discount all future cash flows at 4% “unless 
otherwise specified”. To calculate estimated renewal gross customer 
value, we use the established industry convention, which assumes 
100% of solar leases and PPAs are renewed, due to the expected 
useful life of the system and costs to the customer associated with an 
election to purchase or remove the equipment. We further assume that 
these contracts are renewed at 90% of the contractual price in effect 
at expiration of the term of the solar service agreement. Because the 
customer has two renewal options of five years each, for the second 
renewal period we assume a contractual price of 90% of the price in 
the first renewal period. Our loan agreements do not contain a renewal 
feature, and therefore are not included in estimated renewal gross 
customer value.Estimated Net Contracted Customer Value represents estimated 
gross contracted customer value, less debt, plus cash and restricted 
cash, construction in progress, inventory, prepaid inventory and 
inventory receivable.
Cumulative Capital Deployed represents the property and 
equipment attributable to solar energy systems plus net customer 
notes receivable, less deferred revenue in other current liabilities and 
other long-term liabilities, plus payments to dealers for exclusivity and 
other bonus arrangements.
Creation Costs represents the property and equipment attributable 
to solar energy systems over the period plus all cash paid for customer 
notes receivable during the period plus the average amount recognized 
in each quarter for the trailing twelve months of payments to dealers for 
exclusivity and other bonus arrangements.
Creation Costs, Leases and PPAs represents Creation Costs 
attributable to our lease and PPA contracts and excludes amounts 
attributable to our loan contracts.
Battery Penetration Rate represents the percentage of customers’ 
solar energy systems on our full customer base which are equipped 
with an energy storage system at a select point in time.
Battery Attachment Rate on Origination represents the percentage 
of originated solar energy systems over a period of time which were 
equipped with an energy storage system.
This document may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements generally 
relate to future events or Sunnova’s future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “going to,” 
“could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern Sunnova’s expectations, strategy, priorities, 
plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements in this document include, but are not limited to, our sustainability goals, and our ability to achieve such goals and related timing thereof, statements regarding our level of growth, future contracted 
customer value, technological developments, service levels, future financial and operating performance, including its outlook and guidance, demand for Sunnova’s products and services, future financing and ability to raise capital therefrom, 
maintenance growth of our dealer and sub-dealer network, the future of solar energy and energy storage services and the benefits thereof. Sunnova’s expectations and beliefs regarding these matters may not materialize, and actual results in future 
periods are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, including risks regarding our ability to forecast our business due to our limited operating history, the effects of the coronavirus 
pandemic on our business and operations, supply chain uncertainties, results of operations and financial position, our competition, changes in regulations applicable to our business, fluctuations in the solar and home-building markets, availability 
of capital, our ability to attract and retain dealers and customers and manage our dealer and strategic partner relationships, the ability to successfully integrate the SunStreet acquisition, the ability of Sunnova to implement its plans, forecasts and 
other expectations with respect to SunStreet’s business and realize the expected benefits of the acquisition. The forward-looking statements contained in this document are also subject to other risks and uncertainties, including those more fully 
described in Sunnova’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Sunnova’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2021. The forward-looking statements in this document are based on information 
available to Sunnova as of the date hereof, and Sunnova disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 
In addition to financial information presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), this document includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Cash Flow, 
Recurring Operating Cash Flow and Adjusted Operating Expense. These non-GAAP measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance 
with GAAP. These non-GAAP measures have limitations as analytical tools, and they should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of other GAAP financial measures. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Operating Expense are 
non-GAAP financial measures that help management, investors and securities analysts in evaluating Sunnova’s performance. These measurements are not recognized in accordance with GAAP and should not be viewed as alternatives to GAAP 
measures of performance. The GAAP measures most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Operating Expense are net income/loss and total operating expense, respectively. Adjusted Operating Cash Flows and Recurring 
Operating Cash Flow are non-GAAP measures that help management, investors and analysts in evaluating Sunnova’s liquidity and ability to service its contractual obligations. These measurements are not recognized in accordance with GAAP and 
should not be viewed as an alternative to GAAP measures of liquidity. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to Adjusted Operating Cash Flow and Recurring Operating Cash Flow is net cash used in operating activities. Adjusted EBITDA, 
Adjusted Operating Cash Flows, Recurring Operating Cash Flow, and Adjusted Operating Expense have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of Sunnova’s results as reported under 
GAAP. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Cash Flow, Recurring Operating Cash Flows and Adjusted Operating Expense are not necessarily comparable to Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Cash Flow, Recurring Operating 
Cash Flows or Adjusted Operating Expense as calculated by other companies. Sunnova is unable to reconcile projected Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Expense, Recurring Operating Cash Flow and Adjusted Operating Cash Flow to the 
most comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP because of fluctuations in interest rates and their impact on our unrealized and realized interest rate hedge gains or losses. Sunnova provides a range for the forecasts of 
Adjusted EBITDA, Recurring Operating Cash Flows and Adjusted Operating Cash Flow to allow for the variability in the timing of cash receipts and disbursements, customer utilization of our assets, and the impact on the related reconciling items, 
many of which interplay with each other. Therefore, the reconciliation of projected Adjusted EBITDA, Recurring Operating Cash Flow and Adjusted Operating Cash Flow to projected net income (loss), total operating expense, or net cash provided 
by (used in) operating activities, as the case may be, is not available without unreasonable effort. 
This document includes operational metrics such as number of customers, weighted average number of systems and estimated net and gross contracted customer value. These operational metrics are not necessarily comparable to the same or 
similar metrics as calculated by other companies.