ESG Report
March 2021
1INTRODUCTION  2
From Our CEO 2
Our Approach to ESG 4
Governance of ESG 5
Board Diversity and Independence  5
OUR COMMITMENT TO THE ENVIRONMENT 6
Waste Management 6
Energy Management 6
OUR PEOPLE AND CULTURE 7
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 7
Employee Engagement, Training and Development  9
Employee Benefits, Health and Safety 10
COVID-19 Response 11
SOCIAL CAPITAL 12
Corporate Philanthropy and Volunteering  12
Patient Privacy and Data Security 13
Access and Affordability 14
Quality of Care and Patient Satisfaction 15
Management of Controlled Substances  16
Product Safety and Quality Management 17
Open-Source Data and Intellectual Property 18
GOVERNANCE  19
Ethical Business Practices 19
Supply Chain Management 20
SASB INDEX 21
ALIGNMENT WITH UNITED NATIONS’ SUSTAINABLE 
DEVELOPMENT GOALS 22
METHODOLOGY  22Table of Contents
1
2Invitae was founded with a singular mission: to bring genetics 
into mainstream medicine to improve healthcare for billions 
of people on the planet. Decoding the human genome is one 
of humankind’s seminal scientific accomplishments. Using that 
knowledge to improve health for all of humanity is one of our 
greatest responsibilities. 
Our customers — the patients and clinicians who rely on the 
information we provide to make life-changing decisions — are 
our central focus in everything we do. From our earliest days 
we have believed that focusing on our customers as our top 
priority, rather than short-term financial goals, is the best way 
to build and operate an organization for maximum long-term 
value creation for all stakeholders. In our decision-making, 
we prioritize: (1) the needs of our customers, with patients 
preeminent; (2) motivating our employees to serve our 
patients and clinicians; and (3) building long-term stockholder 
value. 
It is with this sense of mission that we embark on our journey 
to strengthen our Environmental, Social and Governance 
(ESG) efforts. As anyone who works in healthcare knows, the 
impacts of climate change, social inequity and the actions of 
corporations have a direct impact on the health of individu -
als. Making progress on ESG efforts is not a symbolic gesture 
for us — it is central to our mission.
While many of our efforts to further our mission and focus on 
ESG issues have been underway for years, we have never 
before presented them in one place. We view this, our first 
sustainability report, as a starting point — a foundation on 
which to build. 
Our board of directors and I have committed significant 
resources and talent to this journey, with leaders at both the 
board and corporate levels focused on guiding and directing 
our efforts to achieve progress in all these areas:From Our CEO and Co-Founder
2
3Environmental  issues are top of mind as we develop, assess 
and improve our operations. As we continue to expand our 
facilities and scale our business, we are committed to doing 
so in a way that minimizes the environmental impact that 
comes with it.
Our commitment to help address Social  issues is a natural 
outgrowth of our work to democratize genetic information. 
Our efforts to address these issues have strengthened as 
we’ve grown, expressed not only through affordability but 
also through research, the services we provide and how we 
provide them. We also believe it is essential that our team 
reflects those we hope to serve and we prize having a com -
pany culture of inclusion and belonging that attracts the 
brightest minds who can help us achieve our mission. This 
year we are further strengthening our efforts on both fronts. 
Finally, our approach to Governance  is rooted in the idea 
that we are here to serve patients and in so doing will benefit 
our team and our long-term shareholders. We believe that 
focusing on what is best for patients, rather than on short-
term financial goals, is the best way to build and operate 
an organization that provides benefits for society and deliv -
ers maximum long-term value creation. We will continue to 
prioritize governance that is aligned to and holds our team 
accountable for progress on our commitments.
As you read through the pages that follow, we hope you will 
come away with a rich understanding of the many ways we 
have infused these values into our daily operations. Our com -
pany is growing quickly, and we expect progress on our ESG 
efforts to keep pace. We appreciate your interest in learning 
about our work on these issues and look forward to sharing 
more in the years to come.
Best,
Sean E. George, Ph.D. 
CEO and Co-Founder 
3
Our Approach to ESG
We were founded on four core values. Threaded through these values is a commitment to democratizing 
genetic information so that all can benefit from it and, in so doing, improve health for all. This commitment to 
being a force for good, dedicated to benefitting both the individual and society as a whole through our work, 
is a touchstone as we advance and formalize our ESG efforts. 
These core values above directly impact our ESG efforts:1
Driving down the 
cost of genetic 
information 
will increase its 
personal and 
clinical utility2
Healthcare 
professionals 
are fundamental 
in ordering and 
interpreting 
genetic 
information3
People should 
own and control 
their own genetic 
information4
Genetic 
information is 
more valuable 
when shared
We believe that the driving down of cost of obtaining genetic information will increase its 
personal and clinical utility.  This is particularly true when it comes to populations and individuals 
who have historically been left out due to the high cost of genetic testing, lack of access to a qualified 
clinician, and often missing or insufficient health care coverage. Through a combination of dramatically 
lowering the costs of our testing, advocacy with our partners who subsidize testing in specific patient 
populations, and a generous patient assistance program, we have been able to expand access and 
pledge to continue such efforts. 
We view clinicians as critical partners in using genetic information to inform healthcare deci -
sions for individual patients.  We have, over the years, invested heavily in streamlining our workflows, 
standardizing the information we deliver, and offering clinical support tailored to the needs of the indi -
vidual. For example, we provide genetic counseling services where they are not readily available, which 
has historically affected access to genetic testing, especially for underserved populations. 
We believe in the individual’s fundamental right to own and control their genetic information.  
In the United States, there is a history of mistrust of the medical community by underserved populations. 
We place a heavy emphasis on both transparency and only sharing patient data with their permission to 
engender long-term trust in our approach. 
And lastly,  we strongly believe that genetic information is more valuable when it’s shared (with 
the patient’s permission) within the academic and medical community.  In our scientific and clinical col -
laborations, we emphasize a mix of self-identified population groups in the study populations. In doing 
so, we are generating important data that has systematically been left out of research. 
4
In this inaugural sustainability report we are discussing our approach to ESG as it relates to managing risks 
and identifying opportunities in areas important to the long-term financial sustainability of our business. You 
will find Environmental, Social and Governance factors addressed in the content areas the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) has identified as most relevant to our industry. We have also included 
other areas that we consider important for a broader set of stakeholders, such as our patients, physicians, 
payers, employees and the broader community.
To address our impact on the wider world and shared global sustainability priorities, we have identified 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that are most closely aligned with our business 
activities. 
Governance of ESG
The governance of sustainability starts with our Board of Directors. The Nominating and Governance 
Committee of the board reviews the overall adequacy of our CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) and 
ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) strategy, initiatives and policies, including communications 
with employees, investors and other stakeholders.
The responsibility for implementing our ESG strategy and the day-to-day management has been dele -
gated by the board to the ESG Steering Committee, a cross-functional group that meets monthly and 
reports to the board quarterly. The functions represented on the ESG Steering Committee are:
• Talent Operations
• Facilities
• Finance
• Legal, and 
• Communications
One of our directors with a background in environmental sustainability serves on the Nominating and 
Governance Committee and acts as the liaison between the board and the ESG Steering Committee.
Board Diversity and Independence
We believe it’s important that our leadership reflects our social values, including the diversity of our 
board. Out of our seven directors, three are female and two are from ethnic minorities. We also believe 
in a largely independent board. Five of our seven directors are independent, as defined under the NYSE 
rules, and our board chair is one of the independent directors.
For additional information, please see our Proxy Statement  and Governance documents .
5
We are committed to protecting the environment and reducing the footprint of our business operations 
through proper waste management and increased energy efficiency. We understand the impact of our 
operations and recognize that our environmental commitment dovetails with our vision of improving 
healthcare affordability and accessibility. Our Commitment to the Environment
Waste Management
Our waste management initiatives are centered on 
our desire to take sustainable actions and prevent 
harmful waste from entering the environment. 
We are committed to responsibly disposing of 
hazardous and medical waste and diverting 
recyclable waste, including plastics, from landfills. 
All hazardous and medical waste produced by 
our lab operations are subject to strict regulations, 
which we comply with carefully. We have policies 
and standard operating procedures (SOPs) for 
Medical and Hazardous Waste Management. 
We track and categorize our hazardous waste by 
type, volume and how it’s disposed. Additionally, 
over 80 percent of our plastic waste that is not 
hazardous or medical is directly recycled and 
diverted from landfills. 
We encourage our employees to responsibly 
sort their waste by labeling waste bins and 
posting recycling signage, further supported by 
janitorial sorting efforts. At our largest office and 
production facility in San Francisco, a waste audit 
conducted by a third-party concluded that we 
are in compliance with the City of San Francisco’s 
mandatory recycling and composting law. Our 
San Francisco facility on average diverts over 
60 percent of our waste from landfills through 
recycling and composting. We are building on the 
success of this effort to expand recycling in our 
other facilities in 2021.Energy Management
We are continually improving our energy efficiency 
and reducing our electricity usage. Our facilities 
in California are equipped with high-efficiency 
equipment to minimize our electricity usage. We 
monitor our energy usage to continuously upgrade 
our systems and stay up to date on energy-saving 
measures.
Our largest office and production facility in San 
Francisco is a leased building that has a LEED 
Gold certification and several significant energy 
reduction features, including energy efficient 
lighting fixtures, sophisticated lighting control 
systems and occupancy sensors throughout the 
office space. We also prioritize purchasing 
high-efficiency equipment for our facilities, IT 
systems and laboratories. Our HVAC technology 
is equipped with energy saving features such as 
monitorable and adjustable units, night setback 
controls and economizers. We have daily and 
weekly energy reporting for our California 
production facilities which enables us to revise 
energy management plans and implement system 
upgrades. 
6
The strength of our team and the culture in which we work is essential to our ability to achieve our broader 
mission. Attracting, developing and retaining exceptional employees is vitally important to us, and we also 
invest deeply in creating a differentiated culture for our team that enables continuous innovation at scale.
 
See our career  webpage for more information about our culture.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
We want to be a force for good, a team that is helping make genetics and healthcare equally accessible to 
all. Ensuring we are doing what we can to address inequality is not separate from our mission, it is essential 
to it. 
In 2020 we established a new Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) roadmap. Our vision is to cultivate a place 
where we all belong. Our DEI mission is to engage, develop and retain talent from diverse backgrounds by 
fostering community, providing education and support, and advancing inclusive research and health equity 
globally.Our People and Culture
7AMPLIFYING DEI AT INVITAE
DIVERSITY
All the ways in which 
people differ.EQUITY
Equal treatment, 
acces s, opportunit y, and 
advancement for all 
people.INCLUSION
Organizational efforts 
and practices in which 
all individuals are 
valued and accepted.
BELONGING
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion culminate in a sense of belonging. Belonging is 
when we feel connected to each other and can empathize with others such that we 
are all able to be our full selves.OUR CULTURE IS BUILT ON SIX CORE TENETS  
1| 2| 3|
4| 5| 6| Team above the 
 individual
 Grit Radically honest 
 communication
 Transparency and 
 data-informed action Freedom with 
 accountability
 A sense of urgency
We are weaving the fabric of a diverse and inclusive culture with rich DEI programs, tools and resources, 
driving involvement and accountability with a focus on metrics-driven decision-making and action.
The roadmap starts with our current baseline and we’re looking to build on our progress to date and achieve 
a more equitable representation throughout our entire team — at all levels and in all functions and in all 
offices. 
*Invitae and legacy Archer combined  *Does not include legacy Archer2020 INVITAE TURNOVER RATE* 
14%
Male 50%|Female 50%
2020  INVITAE SELF-IDENTIFIED EMPLOYEE ETHNIC/DIVERSITY BREAKDOWN**
White 58.7%
Hispanic or Latino 8.2%
Asian 20.3%
*Native Hawaiian or other Paciﬁc Islander 0.3%, American Indian or Alaska Native 0.3%, Not Hispanic or Latino 0.1%
**Does not include legacy ArcherTwo or more races
(not Hispanic or Latino) 4.7%Black or 
African American 3.8%Not known 3.6%Other 0.7%*2020 INVITAE TOTAL NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES* 
Approximately 2,100
Male 45%|Female 55%
8
We are collecting and analyzing our data and plan to roll out programs in 2021 to improve upon our 
diversity — in hiring, in promotions, in pay, especially in our engineering and management ranks. 
Our hiring process has been designed to provide an equitable candidate experience, facilitate the inclusion 
of new perspectives, foster innovation and creativity, and leverage technology and data analytics to address 
gaps in representation.
Our talent management toolkit includes resources to address challenges arising from underrepresentation, 
inequality and exclusion. We’ve introduced several programs that offer practical support to our team:
Our efforts are aimed at creating a workplace where it is safe and natural for employees to stretch, rebuild, 
and evolve professionally and personally.
Employee Engagement, Training and Development
We empower our employees to own their career path and seek out training programs to take them to the next 
level. We are currently in the process of developing a structure of growth opportunities and ways to under -
stand and communicate development pathways. We have also invested in our training and development 
programs and infrastructure covering three primary areas:• Unconscious Bias Training  for our entire team, with the first training sessions held in 
 the fall of 2020. Our plan is to have all of our employees complete this training by the 
 end of 2021.
• Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)  are affinity groups in which employees join 
 together in the workplace based on shared identities or life experiences. 
• Community Table Talks  are a series of informal conversations to encourage 
 authentic discussion on topics of concern, such as mental health and allyship. These 
 sessions are attended by teammates from throughout the company, including active 
 participation from members of our management and extended leadership teams.
1. Compliance training, including Environmental Health and Safety, Privacy and HIPAA,
 Medicare Compliance, Sexual Harassment, Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Fraud 
 and Abuse.
2. Information Security Training.
3. Learning and Development training designed to create a cohesive, connected, 
 inspired workforce and to create an environment where every person has the support 
 and tools to show up ego-free with our mission and patients in mind. The programs 
 offered include Leadership, Mentorship and Coaching programs.
9
We host monthly panels where our leaders discuss a variety of challenges faced by all leads (managers). The 
format is less prescriptive and theoretical and relies heavily on experience and real scenarios.
We also offer each individual team the opportunity to identify training required for technical skills and 
arrange for that training through outside certification programs, boot camps and conferences.
Performance Management
In keeping with our commitment to creating a differentiated, equitable place to work, we have developed our 
own performance management system unique to our culture. Everyone, including the management team, can 
give and receive continuous feedback regardless of seniority, experience or level. 
Our system was designed to create a more egalitarian workplace creating more opportunities for “quiet lead -
ers” in key positions and an incentive to be the best teammate possible cross-functionally. 
Ultimately, it allows us to make data-informed decisions about how we operate as individuals, as teams, and 
as an organization, and we believe it contributes to low attrition.
Employee Engagement
As part of our commitment to data-driven decision making, we conduct an ongoing monthly survey that asks 
our teammates three key questions: how they feel about the company’s direction, what’s going well, and 
what’s not going well. We’ve been asking these questions consistently for several years so we can quickly 
identify trends as they emerge.
This combination of ongoing pulse surveys to help detect timely changes in team morale and engagement, 
and occasional deep dives for a more complete picture, allows our management and the Talent Operations 
function to better understand team dynamics and make changes to policies, benefits and organizational struc -
ture to respond to current challenges. It allows us to quickly gather feedback on what’s working and what’s 
not. 
Employee Benefits, Health and Safety
We have a remote-first organization that enables our non-lab-based employees to work from anywhere. Even 
prior to the COVID pandemic, a large portion of our team, including several members of our management 
team, worked remotely. 
We invest in our people and promote a balance of flexibility with accountability and generally offer flexible 
working hours, opportunities to work remotely to the majority of our employees, flexible time-off with no set 
limits and an excellent family leave policy. 
10
We have a culture of freedom with accountability, which includes trusting our employees and not setting limits 
for paid time off and parental leave (maternity and paternity). These policies, along with part-time and flexi -
ble schedules, have resulted in an over 95 percent return rate after parental leave.
Generous mental health benefits are offered as part of our employee benefits package. We treat all mental 
health providers as in-network for our self-insured plan, removing the barrier to actually getting help. In 2020 
we implemented “Recharge Days” to encourage employees to regularly take time to unplug and disconnect. 
As we work to better integrate regular “recharging” (companywide recharge days) into our culture, for now 
we are asking employees to take the time they need, whether that’s a few days, one day or an afternoon.
We rely primarily upon full-time workers but allow employees to determine if a part-time schedule is more 
appropriate for them. We engage temporary workers as appropriate, most often to support groups when 
employees are on leave, to augment existing staff during busy periods, or on a temp-to-perm basis to assess 
workers for a probationary period. 
COVID-19 Response
We are committed to maintaining and improving the health and safety of our employees throughout the 
pandemic. We established a Crisis Management Team that, along with the EH&S Administrator, comprise 
the Steering Committee for pandemic response. 
All our production facilities have remained fully operational during COVID-19 as we are considered an essen -
tial healthcare provider. When the pandemic hit, we reviewed practices in our laboratories and offices to 
ensure we took the steps necessary to keep our team healthy and to continue delivering for the patients who 
rely on our diagnostic testing. Our response has evolved as the situation has evolved. Among the steps we 
have taken:Employee Health and Safety
We are a College of American Pathologists (CAP)-accredited and Clinical Laboratory Improvement 
Amendments (CLIA)-certified clinical diagnostic laboratory. As a leader in advanced medical genetics 
we are compliant with all local, state and federal regulations. Our San Francisco site is our primary 
clinical laboratory facility for processing patient samples. 
As per our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics , all employees have responsibility for maintaining a 
safe and healthy workplace for all other employees by following our safety and health rules, policies 
and practices and reporting accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment, practices or conditions. 
We also have a number of policies and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) relating to health and 
safety, including injury and illness prevention, emergency action, chemical hazard identification and 
ergonomics. The SOPs are controlled by our Quality Group, reviewed annually and signed off by 
Quality, Facilities and the Laboratory directors and personnel. Our health and safety program also 
includes consent forms, employee safety reports, incident investigations and injury logs. 
We provide extensive training both when employees join and then at regular intervals to educate and 
protect our employees and ensure compliance. We require annual laboratory and all-hands training, 
general Employee Health and Safety (EH&S) courses for all employees and contractors, and custom 
EH&S courses for laboratory personnel. 
11
In August 2020 we partnered with the Kellogg Business School at Northwestern University for a survey to 
better understand the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on how we work together, including trying to quan -
tify burnout and disengagement. The responses informed our actions and continued response to the pandemic 
throughout the fall.
We operate in the healthcare industry, so public trust is paramount to our business. We build this trust through 
community involvement and philanthropy, being ethical and transparent in our business practices, protecting 
our patients’ privacy, and delivering safe, accessible and affordable products and services.
Corporate Philanthropy and Volunteering
We encourage our employees to be involved in non-profit organizations in their local communities, and to 
support philanthropic efforts at work as well. 
We primarily leverage our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) for our community involvement and volunteer 
efforts. One of the purposes of an ERG is to be in service of others as an extension of the community. For 
example, our veterans group joined to rebuild a veteran’s house and our African-American ERG hosted a 
Genetic Counselor workshop for Hampton University’s freshman biology students. This group is also organiz -
ing a research lab mentorship program with Hampton University students, augmenting Hampton’s research on 
breast and prostate cancers in minority communities.
Local community efforts have focused on supporting the homeless and public education through activities 
such as volunteering at local shelters and schools, food and clothing drives, and raising funds for non-profit 
groups. We’ve also introduced students to genetics through lab tours and genetic counseling educational 
sessions. 
Team members also participate in events and conferences that promote and support science, technology, 
engineering and mathematics (STEM) careers in underrepresented communities. We participate annually in 
several events including: Grace Hopper, the world’s largest gathering of women technologists; AfroTech, one Social Capital• Early in the pandemic we staggered employees’ schedules when possible. We reimbursed for local
 accommodations and transportation to minimize travel for employees.
•  We instituted a health questionnaire which all persons must complete satisfactorily before entering 
 our buildings. 
•  We changed our workstation set up and distancing to ensure space and erected physical barriers 
 as needed. 
•  We provided face masks and personal protective equipment and have a “masks required” policy in 
 our facilities.
• We increased cleaning schedules and followed CDC protocols for healthcare facilities that were 
 established for the Ebola crisis as a model.
• We created our own in-house COVID testing to ensure high-quality, rapid-turnaround testing and 
 results for all employees who must come on site. 
12
of the largest multicultural tech conferences in the United States; Lesbians Who Tech & Allies Summit, sup -
porting LGBTQ, non-binary and trans individuals in and around tech; 100 Black Men, the nation’s top African 
American-led mentoring organization; and Nova12SF supporting breast cancer care for the underserved at 
Chan Zuckerberg SF General Hospital.
Additionally, we have donated to several hospitals and health systems and participated in various grants 
to support the growing field of genetic counseling, which is largely made up of women pursuing a career in 
science and medicine. We are particularly proud of the Heart of Genetic Counseling Awar d that we present 
in partnership with the National Society of Genetic Counselors (NSGC) at their Annual Meeting. This award 
honors excellence in patient care and pays tribute to distinguished genetic counselors who provide excep -
tional and irreplaceable care to families dealing with major health challenges. 
Patient Privacy and Data Security
Ensuring that people own and control their genetic data has been one of our core principles from the very 
beginning. We are committed to the privacy and security of all Protected Health Information (PHI) we create, 
receive, use, disclose and transmit. Our privacy practices  are explained within our Notice of Privacy Practices 
and Privacy Policy  on our website.
As part of risk oversight, our board oversees patient privacy and data security and receives a quarterly 
update from the Chief Digital Officer and the Data Privacy Officer.
Our Data Privacy Officer reports to the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer and is also part of 
our Data Use Committee (DUC), working closely with our Head of Security and Compliance on data secu -
rity and privacy breach responses. The committee’s work is focused on data usage and sharing activities 
with the lens on privacy and regulatory compliance based on HIPAA, CLIA, GDPR (General Data Protection 
Regulation), Common Rule and other such domestic and foreign rules. 
As a provider of clinical genetic testing services, we are a “covered entity” subject to the HIPAA Privacy 
Rule, Security Rule and Breach Notification Rule. Our Privacy and Security Compliance Program is subject to 
inspection by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Office of Civil Rights (OCR) for the 
purpose of complaint investigation and monitoring of our compliance with the three rules. We experienced 
two “security incidents” in 2020 which we are required by law to report and for which we sent out breach 
notification letters to potentially impacted individuals (fewer than 50). While the risk of harm to individuals 
(e.g., identify theft risk) in both incidents was deemed to be low, we determined it was appropriate to notify 
these individuals. No legal proceedings have resulted or are anticipated to result from these incidents.
13
We take a holistic approach towards information security with an equal focus on both its critical components 
— the people and the computing environment — to safeguard and protect customer data. Our Privacy and 
Security Compliance Program is reviewed and updated annually.
We have a HITRUST  Certification for our core applications and facilities and we are planning to expand the 
certification for the various acquired companies/applications and peripheral capabilities. 
Cybersecurity Training and Awareness
Employees receive privacy and security training when they join the company and annually thereafter. Topics 
covered include the regulatory landscape, an in-depth HIPAA review, privacy principles, Ransomware, Clean 
Desk Policy and using multi factor authentication, amongst others. 
We conduct separate and regular Phishing training and exercises, and we update the Security Training and 
Phishing program on an ongoing basis.
Employees, independent contractors and business associates are required to follow policies and procedures 
and report any process failures or disclosures. Any employee who fails to follow the policies or procedures 
will receive a warning, retraining and/or disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment 
and the notification of authorities. 
Access and Affordability
One of our founding principles is accessible, affordable genetic testing, so we work to drive down the price 
of quality testing to increase its clinical and personal utility. We aim to make high-quality genetic testing 
affordable and accessible to everyone. We have helped improve care for more than one million patients and 
their providers by driving down the cost of reliable, comprehensive and actionable genetic testing.
We accept insurance payments from most providers and we are in network for over 315 million people. We 
have a financial assistance program for individuals in the United States who meet certain financial and clin -
ical criteria. We have affordable patient pay prices, reduced out of pocket charges for insured patients by 
charging insurers lower prices, price transparency that our competitors do not provide, and have advocated 
with legislators and regulators for lower, more consistent and more transparent pricing. 
14
We have pioneered unique, multi-company collaborations to expand access to genetic testing for patients. 
Our sponsored testing programs provide genetic testing at no charge to the patient with the cost of the testing 
sponsored by a number of healthcare companies. The largest initiative is our Behind the Seizure epilepsy test -
ing program which provides no-charge testing for any child under the age of eight who has one unprovoked 
seizure. This is just one of more than 140 sponsored, no-charge testing programs we offer in various clinical 
areas, including nephrology, neurology, oncology, ophthalmology, skeletal and urology, to make genetic 
testing more accessible to everyone who can benefit from it.
We also collaborate on clinical trial research that addresses well-documented disparities in the availability 
and use of genetic information by underserved minorities in the United States. We are part of the Electronic 
Medical Records and Genomics ( eMERGE ) Network, a National Institutes of Health (NIH)-organized and 
funded consortium of U.S. medical research institutions, that includes ten clinical sites that will recruit and 
genotype up to 25,000 individuals. eMERGE is committed to include 35% or more of patients from racial or 
ethnic minority populations, underserved populations, or populations who experience poorer medical out -
comes at half the sites and 75% or more at the other half. We are a clinical affiliate member and will provide 
high-quality genetic screening for hereditary disease risk, access to digital and print educational materials, 
clinical support, and access to a clinical consult service. Through our participation, we aim to generate data 
to help guide appropriate and preventive medical care for participants and elucidate the clinical utility of cer -
tain variants in the practice of genomic medicine.
We are active advocates of remote access and telehealth generally, especially during the COVID-19 pan -
demic. In 2020 we introduced expanded services and support for the transition to telehealth across customer 
types, including new capabilities for our advanced clinical chatbot, increased support for the use of at-home 
testing, and professional education and support for clinicians transitioning to telehealth. These services reach 
underserved and remote populations who have been disproportionately impacted by the pandemic and are 
many of the same populations who have a hard time getting access to healthcare. We support making the 
Medicare rules that allow for reimbursement for remote consultation permanent, and we advocate for stream -
lining licensing rules for professionals (like genetic counselors) to facilitate delivery of services to underserved 
populations.
Quality of Care and Patient Satisfaction
Our industry-leading laboratories are equipped with highly advanced technology that delivers accurate and 
reliable information — quickly and at an affordable price. 
As examples of our focus on quality, we are a College of American Pathologists (CAP)-accredited  and 
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA)-certified  clinical diagnostic laboratory. We meet or 
exceed all the standards of CAP and CLIA. We comply with federal and local requirements for clinical The use of telemedicine is increasing in response to the 
current public health climate. We are bringing solutions 
to clinicians and patients that offer flexibility and allow 
clinical care to continue. Gia, our virtual genetic infor -
mation assistant, is a HIPAA-compliant clinical chatbot 
designed in partnership with genetic counselors. She pro -
vides the framework for a telemedicine-friendly genetic 
testing workflow.
15
laboratories. Some states require specialized licensure, and we have approval from states requiring specific 
licenses for testing, including California, Maryland, New York, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island. Copies of our 
licenses are accessible on our website here.
Our commitment to quality also includes testing backed by peer-reviewed studies  showing 100% analytic 
sensitivity and specificity compared to historical hereditary cancer genetic testing laboratories.
We believe that genetic counseling is important for patients considering genetic testing. Our team of experi -
enced, board-certified  professionals trained in medical genetics is available to assist clinicians and patients. 
Patients being tested for cancer and other diseases or accessing proactive health screens and reproductive 
health testing also have the option to schedule a more comprehensive post-test genetic counseling session 
specific to their own medical and family histories. There is no additional charge for patients to access our 
services.
We aspire to meet and exceed national standard-of-care guidelines. A link to a satisfaction survey is emailed 
to all patients 24 hours after completing their genetic counseling session. In our last survey period in 2020, 
we had a 22% response rate with 96% of respondents agreeing that the counselor helped them identify what 
they needed to know to make decisions about what might happen based on the genetic test results. An analy -
sis of patients’ free-text comments shows that 43% of patients provided a comment and 86% of the comments 
were positive, with 7% negative and 7% neutral.
We are transparent about what the benefits of genetic testing are, but we also disclose the detailed limita -
tions of a genetic test and analysis. Our gene-specific results guides  make it easier for patients by providing 
information about specific results, related conditions and next steps. The guides were developed by experts 
and are based on standard medical management guidelines and published data. Several of our team mem -
bers have received the “Champion of the Disability Community Group Award” from the NIH for their work 
with the Down Syndrome Registry and improving the patient experience. 
We also have a patient helpline, where calls can be escalated to a genetic counselor all the way up to the 
Chief Medical Officer.
Management of Controlled Substances
We do not handle any controlled medical substances or prescribe any medication to patients. On the 
contrary, we advocate for increased use of pharmacogenetics to reduce the prescription of controlled 
substances. Pharmacogenetics is a growing field that uses genetic markers to optimize drug and dose 
selection for patients. 
The use of pharmacogenetic testing improves the likelihood of pain relief, without the added risk of drug 
dependency, by identifying how patients will respond to various drugs. Patients with unmanaged phar -
macogenetic variations are up to three times more likely to die of an opioid overdose or end up in opioid 
dependency treatment. 
We fully support pharmacogenetics and will continue advocating for genetic testing to become more 
widely adopted in order to decrease unnecessary controlled substance use.
To learn more about this field and the work being done in our divisions YouScript and Genelex, an over -
view of our pharmacogenetic services for healthcare providers can be found here along with a list of 
impacted medications, including opioids prescribed for pain management, available here.
16
Product Safety and Quality Management
We are committed to providing products and services that are safe, medically relevant, and have the appro -
priate controls to prevent a false positive or false negative or any clinically relevant errors that could have an 
impact on patient care.
The foundation is our robust Quality Management System built on ISO quality principles and continuous 
improvement. There are four aspects to our quality system: Quality Leadership, Quality Control, Quality 
Assurance and Quality Improvement.
To complement our Quality Management System, we have a comprehensive incident reporting framework 
which includes investigation, documentation, review and escalation, and monitoring. This program is overseen 
by our Medical Affairs team and incorporates incident data, patient complaints, and audit results. 
Our response to deviations, incidents, complaints and escalated issues focuses on our service to our clients 
and their patients. A team of cross functional leaders, including Operations, Medical and Quality, are 
involved in the review. Negative trends or significant events feed into our Process Improvement Pipeline.
Our reporting system allows us to address immediate problems and also analyze data and trends over time, 
including frequency and where in the process it occurred, in order to identify any systemic issues as well as 
root causes. Each incident is categorized based upon severity and we follow guidelines and regulations from 
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and other agencies regarding incident reporting.
If the root cause analysis from the incident report system points to a quality issue in the supply chain, we 
launch an investigation and our supplier corrective actions (SCAR) protocol is deployed. We are proactive 
with upfront raw material testing and lot control, as well as additional quality controls (QC) throughout the 
process.
17LeadershipImprovem
entControlAssuranceINVITAE’S QUALITY SYSTEM DESIGN
Adherence to ISO quality principles prepares Invitae to embrace the future of 
the FDA and International requirements
Quality Leadership
• Supported by Leaders
• Medical Director 
 Oversight
• Independent Quality
 Team
Quality Improvement
• Incident Management
• Corrective & Preventive 
 Actions
• Complaint Management
• Process ImprovementQuality Control
• Document Controls
• Training & Competency
• Equipment Controls
• Verification & Control 
 of Materials
• Change Control
• Design Control
Quality Assurance
• Internal Audits
• Management Review
• Performance Monitoring
Employee Training and Awareness
All of our employees are required to identify, document and report any incident or complaint which impacts 
or potentially impacts (near miss) the quality of test results or a negative impact on client satisfaction. This 
includes any non-conformance that involves a violation of privacy (HIPAA or international privacy) regula -
tions. They are also required to assist in the investigation and resolution as required.
We provide a number of different types of training for our employees and our regulatory agencies have spe -
cific requirements for both training and competency assessment. Training is often linked to a specific approved 
procedure. For employees performing regulated tasks within the Quality Management System, there is a 
mandatory competence assessment within the first six months of employment and annually thereafter. 
Open-Source Data and Intellectual Property
One of the core principles that we were founded upon is that genetic information is more valuable when 
shared. We believe that the practice of patenting individual genes, along with patenting tools and methods 
specific to individual genes, has impeded the progress of the genetic testing industry beyond single gene tests 
and is antithetical to our core principle that patients should own and control their own genomic information.
We continue to educate legislators and regulators about these issues ( testimony , answers ). 
We do not currently have any patents or patent applications directed to the sequences of specific genes or 
variants of such genes, nor do we rely on any such in-licensed patent rights of any third party. Unlike pat -
ents directed to specific genes, we do rely upon, in part, patent protection to protect technology that is not 
gene-specific and that provides us with a potential competitive advantage as we focus on making comprehen -
sive genetic information less expensive and more broadly available to our customers.
We believe data is more valuable when shared, which is why we are the largest provider of genetic informa -
tion to ClinVar, an NIH-funded, freely accessible, public archive of reports of the relationships among human 
variations and phenotypes. The American Medical Association House of Delegates passed a resolution in 
2013 explaining that making this data available is a public health need. We concur. The ClinVar database is 
designed to centralize genetic code information and, as of August 2020, we have submitted nearly 400,000 
of the 1.3 million records. We contribute variants to the database approximately every six months. Once 
variants are in the database, ClinVar laboratories can collaborate and share the evidence—a critical part of Recall Management and Reporting
Our preparedness includes risk monitoring and emergency action plans to respond to incidents. 
Our escalation team is comprised of senior management, functional leaders including the head of 
Operations, Clinical Laboratory, Customer Service and Quality Management. Any incident that falls into 
the category of patient safety goes to our emergency response team, the team responsible for coordinat -
ing the response with the investigation team, Legal and Customer Service.
Our team for customer communication and contact process determines the appropriate outreach and 
message, including whether there is a need for an individual response from our medical director or if 
there’s a need for a broader customer service notification. 
We monitor and track any incidents as required by regulations, including corrected reports (for exam -
ple, where the name was misspelled) and amended reports (where the clinical result was updated). We 
monitor this at each of our facilities and review the information monthly with the leadership team. Senior 
Management reports on incidents and the response to the Board of Directors quarterly.
18
Ethical Business Practices
Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  that applies to each of our direc -
tors, officers and employees. The code addresses various topics, including compliance, conflicts of interest, 
insider trading, competition and fair dealings, and payments or gifts from others. The code also includes how 
to report matters and procedures to deal with concerns, including via an anonymous whistleblower hotline.
We provide the following annual education and training to employees related to compliance, fraud preven -
tion and anti-corruption:
This training is in addition to HIPAA, Medicare fraud and employee safety training for regulatory compliance 
overseen by our compliance training group, as noted above.
Fraud Prevention
We are subject to specialized fraud and abuse laws that govern how we deal with our customers (patients 
and clinicians). The board through its general risk oversight is ultimately responsible for adhering to these reg -
ulations. The Chief Compliance Officer and Compliance Committee handle a variety of topics such as fraud 
and abuse. Internal Audit also is responsible for risk oversight and reports to the chair of the Audit Committee 
and regularly to the full board.
We comply with various U.S. and international fraud and abuse laws, including the U.S. FCPA, as well as 
other regulations by various federal, state and local authorities. As noted above, we do extensive training for 
our employees on these issues, especially the salesforce. Governance
• General healthcare compliance training module taken by all employees upon hire and then annually, 
 covering billing concepts, fraud and abuse laws, and lab compliance, among other topics
• Fraud and abuse education session provided live to the sales team annually, with a modified session 
 for the enterprise software, collaborations and marketing teams
• Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) online education required for team members who work on 
 ex-U.S. matters, including the ex-U.S. sales team, client services, partnerships, quality/regulatory, lab, 
 finance and legal
• One-off trainings throughout the year educating the commercial and other teams about relevant 
 regulatory agency advice, agency settlements and litigation outcomes laboratory control, and, by sharing data, the science of genetics is propelled forward. We have consistently 
been ranked as a top performer on the ClinVar data site . 
Finally, we are major collaborators with researchers across the world in the Multiplex assays of variant effect 
(MAVE ) and Impact of Genomic Variation on Function ( IGVF) Consortium efforts designed to characterize 
variants through powerful new functional assays and make the results freely available to researchers, clinical 
laboratories and clinicians.
19
Pricing and Billing Transparency
We aim to be transparent to health providers and patients about pricing and billing practices. Our patient 
self-pay price is generally lower than what we charge health providers and insurance companies.
We have taken a public policy approach to advocate for coding simplification and the elimination of what 
we see as abusive billing practices in the industry.
We ensure our coding and billing is correct, adheres to the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services’ 
(CMS) National Correct Coding Initiative program manual and reflects the services provided at the most 
appropriate reimbursement rate, rather than stack codes for individual genes to charge a higher rate as many 
of our competitors do. We have offered to partner with CMS in mitigating wasteful Medicare spending in the 
genetic testing industry and have submitted several letters with suggestions on how to eliminate fraud and 
abuse ( The Future of Program Integrity , Cures 2.0 Comment Letter , FDA Comment Letter on Use of Codeine ).
Ethical Selling Practices
Our company prides itself on building a better product as the overarching means of competing and we focus 
on doing the right thing for patients and clinicians. Our company maintains high ethical standards for our staff 
and transparency is a key factor in our marketing and sales efforts.
We receive reimbursement by Medicare and Medicaid for some of our tests. We follow applicable laws and 
regulations on vendor relationships with healthcare professionals and maintain a company policy on how 
to communicate and interact with them. This includes policies and processes for legal and ethical review of 
marketing materials, as well as rules for our employees regarding entertainment and engaging with clinicians 
for speaking events.
Our sales team participates in regular training on ethical marketing and sales.
Supply Chain Management
The Quality Systems team oversees our Vendor Quality Management program, with the aim of ensuring 
vendor quality via policies and procedures, contracts, performance monitoring and problem escalation. 
Our supplier qualification program incorporates a risk assessment and quality agreements, with a selec -
tion of companies on our approved supplier list (ASL). The vendor questionnaire includes areas such as 
ISO certification, Quality Management System, change notification and complaints management, and 
management review and audits. 
For critical vendors we have identified alternatives and contingencies wherever possible, and we have a 
process for supplier corrective actions (SCAR). 
In 2020 our key focus areas have been managing vendor expectations, the process of escalating 
complaints and the notification of changes to critical products and services. We have also focused on 
employee training and fostering a culture of effective supplier management.
In 2021 we plan to implement a supplier scorecard which will include key performance indices in three 
areas — quality, speed and cost — and we are working towards ISO 15189 and 9001 certifications in 
2021.
20
In developing this report, we have referenced the SASB Frameworks for the Healthcare Delivery industry. 
According to the SASB Industry Level Materiality Map, the following categories are most relevant to compa -
nies in our industry. In the table below, aligned with the SASB areas, are sections of our report where more 
information can be found about our efforts in each specific area. SASB Index
21Energy Management
Waste Management
Patient Privacy & Electronic Health Records
Access for Low-Income Patients
Quality of Care & Patient Satisfaction
Management of Controlled Substances
Pricing & Billing Transparency
Fraud & Unnecessary Procedures
Employee Health & Safety
Employee Recruitment, Development & Retention
Climate Change Impacts on Human Health & 
InfrastructureEnergy Management
Waste Management
Patient Privacy and Data Security
Access and Affordability, Quality of Care and 
Patient Satisfaction
Access and Affordability, Quality of Care and 
Patient Satisfaction
Management of Controlled Substances, Product 
Safety and Quality Management
Pricing and Billing Transparency
Fraud Prevention
Employee Benefits, Health and Safety
Employee Engagement, Training and Development
Our Commitment to the Environment HEALTHCARE DELIVERY  SECTION
We are aligning our activities with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The goals 
were established in 2015 by world leaders to end poverty, protect the planet and seek to ensure prosperity 
for all. We have determined that our current activities most closely align with the following goals where we 
are particularly well -positioned to drive progress based on our core business and corporate social responsi -
bility initiatives:
Health for All Humanity:  We were founded with a singular mission: to bring genetics into 
mainstream medicine to improve healthcare for billions of people on the planet. Decoding 
the human genome is one of humankind’s seminal scientific accomplishments. Using that 
knowledge to improve health for all of humanity is one of our greatest responsibilities.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion:  Our vision is to cultivate a place where we all belong. 
Our DEI mission is to engage, develop and retain talent from diverse backgrounds by fos -
tering community, providing education and support, and advancing inclusive research and 
health equity globally.
Access and Affordability : One of our founding principles is accessible, affordable 
genetic testing, so we work to drive down the price of quality testing to increase its clinical 
and personal utility. Through a combination of dramatically lowering the costs of our test -
ing, advocacy with our partners who subsidize testing in specific patient populations, and 
a generous patient assistance program, we have been able to expand access and pledge 
to continue such efforts. 
Our Commitment to the Environment:  We understand the impact of our operations 
and recognize that our environmental commitment is paramount to supporting our vision 
of improving healthcare affordability and accessibility. We take steps to reduce the foot -
print of our business operations through proper waste management and increased energy 
efficiency.  Alignment with United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
Methodology
To help inform our decision-making for this, our first sustainability report, we performed  a benchmarking anal -
ysis to help us understand what other firms in our sector were reporting. We relied upon the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) to help us understand the areas that may be most relevant to our U.S. 
investors and we referred broadly to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) to help us identify areas that we 
may have missed. We drew upon the subject matter expertise of our colleagues throughout the company 
to collect and organize the content relative to the areas we identified in our benchmarking. Lastly, we com -
pared our activities to the United Nations ’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to assess how we may 
be contributing to these important goals. Inquiries about our ESG practices and policies can be directed to 
sustainability@invitae.com .
22