1
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Published:  2022
Environmental, Social, and Governance Report
2
© PAR T echnology Corporation
Introduction 4
  A Message From Our CEO  5
  About Us  6
  Our Approach to ESG  12
Responsible Business Practices  1 7
  Governance and Board Composition  19
  Business Ethics and Compliance  20
  Risk Management  2 4
  Intellectual Property and Competitive Behavior  2 5
  Supply Chain Management  2 6
  Government Affairs and Advocacy  28
Our People and Culture  2 9
  People Strategy and Oversight  31
  Talent Retention and Development  32
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  36
  Workplace Health and Safety  4 2
  Philanthropy and Volunteerism  4 3T able of Contents
Our Data Responsibility  4 4  
  Data Security Management  4 6
  Customer Privacy and Product Security  50
  Third-Party Supplier Assessment and Compliance  51
Environmental Stewardship  5 2
  Our Environmental Footprint  54
Appendix 56
  United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)  5 7
  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  59
3
© PAR T echnology Corporation
About This Report
This Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report focuses on the restaurant/retail segment of PAR T echnology Corporation (PAR), and therefore has been 
prepared in accordance with the accounting standards published by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) related to Software and Information 
T echnology (IT) Services and Hardware. We also have identified the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that we believe best align our business 
activities and key priority areas. Both the accounting standards from SASB and SDGs are included in the Appendix at the conclusion of this ESG Report. Unless 
otherwise noted, the data provided for PAR T echnology Corporation (PAR) throughout this ESG Report reflects data for the year ended December 31, 2021 (FY2021). We 
have also included certain initiatives that occurred after the end of FY2021, which we have endeavored to note as such. 
Forward-Looking Statements
This ESG Report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Section 27A of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical in nature, but rather are 
predictive of our future operations, financial condition, financial results, business strategies and prospects. 
Forward-looking statements are generally identified by words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “belief,” “continue,” “could,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “may,” “opportunity,” 
“plan,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and assumptions 
that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those 
expressed in or implied by forward-looking statements contained in this ESG Report. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed 
in or implied by forward-looking statements contained in this ESG Report are discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake 
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as may be required under 
applicable securities law.
“PAR™,” “Brink POS®,” “Punchh®,” “Data Central®,” “MENU™,” “Restaurant Magic®,” “PAR Phase®,” “PixelPoint®” and other trademarks appearing in this ESG Report belong 
to us. This ESG Report may also contain trade names and trademarks of other companies. Our use of such other companies’ trade names or trademarks is not intended 
to imply any endorsement or sponsorship by these companies of us or our products or services.
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Introduction
IN THIS SECTION
A Message From Our CEO
About Us
Our Approach to ESGTOC        Introduction         Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
4 © PAR T echnology Corporation
5
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Introduction
A Message From Our CEO
At PAR, we live by four values: Speed, Ownership, Focus, and Winning T ogether. These values encompass the building blocks of the culture we are creating to drive 
long-term stakeholder value. 
Winning T ogether, our 4th value, is the belief that for PAR to win, all stakeholders must win. Our stakeholders include not only our employees, customers, and 
stockholders but also the community and environment in which we operate. In order for PAR to succeed, we must commit time and resources to our communities, 
families, and the environment just as we do for our customers, stockholders, and employees. We believe the formula should be two-sided and PAR, as an 
organization, must give as much as it takes.  
As we look back at the last few years with its many challenges and turmoil, one thing that is clear is the collective “we” are connected. We need to look at each other 
and our society globally and think about how to create long-term actions that support us, together. We take Winning T ogether to heart. 
At PAR, we’re innovators. We have a long history of restaurant technology innovation, over 40 years, and we’re not slowing down. Innovation comes in many forms, 
and PAR has formally embarked on a new innovative Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) framework.
We’ve been investing heavily in creating a unified commerce experience that, through software makes interaction more seamless between diners, operators, and 
brands. Our focus on digital connectedness in no way distracts us from expanding our human connectedness. In a world made smaller through technology, it has 
only expanded our awareness of the many needs. 
We’re focused on improving an already strong internal culture by being highly aware of employee needs and expanding awareness of diversity, equity, and inclusion. 
We have taken positive steps to reduce our ecological impact and will continue to expand our reduction into the future. We have always been a giving company 
through local and international charities. We’re focusing our mandate on our industry to address the needs of today and the future. As we serve our industry, we 
collect data that helps improve business operations and technology experiences. At the same time we have strong policies on data governance and understand that 
data we collect is not our own.
 
PAR T echnology’s Board of Directors and I are committed to a direction of Winning T ogether and ensuring that all stakeholders in our journey come along for the win.
I invite you to read through our plan as we win together.Savneet Singh  
CEO, PAR T echnology
© PAR T echnology Corporation

TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
For over 40 years, PAR T echnology Corporation has been an innovation leader.  
The restaurant business serves the most prominent restaurant brands in the world with leading hardware, software, and 
services that create a unified commerce experience. PAR invests heavily in restaurant technology innovation to improve the 
experiential value of its software to diners, restaurant employees, and restaurant brands. The government business provides 
technical expertise and development of advanced systems and software solutions for the U.S. Department of Defense, the 
intelligence community, and other federal agencies through PAR Government Systems Corporation, one of PAR’s wholly 
owned subsidiaries. We are building unified commerce to empower 
restaurants with the transformative technology 
they need to win in the new world.TOC        Introduction         Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
About UsIntroduction
6 © PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
T o enable personalized experiences that connect people 
to the brands, meals, and moments they love.OUR MISSION
VALUESSPEED
We look for people who don’t wait for the elevator.
OWNERSHIP
We prefer owners to renters. Y ou treat rental cars differently than your own.
FOCUS
Relentless and ruthless prioritization on what moves the needle.
WINNING TOGETHER
We have to win, but we must do it together.TOC        Introduction         Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
About UsIntroduction
7 © PAR T echnology Corporation
8
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We are building unified commerce  to empower 
restaurants with the transformative technology they 
need to win in the new world.~200M
GUEST PROFILES  
 FOR PUNCHH60K+
ACTIVE  
SITES$99M ARR
~29%  
YOY GROWTHAbout UsIntroduction
As of June 30, 2022 for the Restaurant/Retail reporting segment of PAR T echnology Corporation.

TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We Are Building   
Unified Commerce
In-Store and Digital Ordering, Purchase/Pay, Pickup/Delivery, 
Review, Earn, Get Offers,  Refer Friends, Kiosk and Drive- Thru
Menu Mgt and Distribution, Kitchen Production and Planning ,  
Channel Mgt, Labor, Food and Supplier Mgt, Guest Analytics,  
Category Mgt, P&L Reporting and Forecasting, and Product Analytics
Single source of truth for guests, employees and business data
Enterprise  
Integration Platform           Customer’s
Experience
Operator’s
Experience
Pre-built APIs and Development Portal for extensibility to 
partner ecosystemAbout UsIntroduction
9 © PAR T echnology CorporationData Platform
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Redefining the  
Restaurant of the Future
Unified CommerceOmni-channel 
ordering
Frictionless  
paymentPersonalized  
engagement
Efficient order
productionSeamless  
order retrievalAbout UsIntroduction
10 © PAR T echnology Corporation
© PAR T echnology CorporationTOC        Introduction         Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
11
North America 
Corporate HQ - New Hartford, NY
PAR Government HQ - Rome, NY
Canada
International  
Restaurant/Retail
Australia
Brazil
Spain
Serbia
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Dubai, UAE
India
PAR Government
Employees are located at U.S. 
government bases throughout  
the world. 1,477
 full-time employees 64 
part-time employeesAbout UsIntroduction

12
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
As a leading provider of unified commerce to the 
enterprise restaurant and retail industries, our Board 
of Directors and management team recognize the 
importance of our contributions and participation 
in supporting a healthy environment, economic 
opportunity, and social equity in the communities 
where we operate.
We are committed to responsible business practices, continuous 
operational improvement, and strengthening our relationships with our 
stakeholders. We are building long-standing, sustainable relationships 
with our customers, partners, stockholders, and communities based on 
honesty, integrity, and compliance. 
Our Approach to ESGIntroduction
13
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Core Pillars of ESG
We are here to help restaurants do what they do best: turn every 
order into a unique and lasting customer relationship. 
T o meet that objective, we fully embrace the core pillars of our ESG strategy, which positions 
us well to execute:
  • Our responsible business practices
 • The critical roles played by our people
 • Our commitment to data responsibility
 • Our stewardship to lessen our environmental impact
We are pleased to share our inaugural ESG Report that outlines our current initiatives, 
practices, and objectives in the areas fundamental to our business. We view our ESG strategy 
as critical to our environmental impact, social responsibility, and long-term financial value 
creation.Our Approach to ESGIntroduction

14
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We strive to minimize the 
environmental impact of 
our operational footprint 
through energy-efficient 
and eco-friendly sustainable 
business practices.Environmental 
Stewardship
We earn our customers’ 
trust each day to keep their 
valued customer data safe 
by responsibly managing 
our security and privacy 
governance and protocols 
to ensure strong data 
protection.Data  
Responsibility
We are creating a diverse, 
inclusive, and safe 
environment where our 
employees enjoy and 
thrive at work each day to 
support our customers 
and grow our business.Our People  
and Culture
We are committed to 
sound governance and 
compliance, responsible 
business practices, and 
the highest standards of 
ethics to achieve business 
success and enhance long-
term stockholder value.Responsible 
Business PracticesOur ESG StrategyOur Approach to ESGIntroduction
15
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Introduction
Our Approach to ESG
Our Board and management team recognize that our approach to 
ESG is integral to our long-term operational goals and strategies. 
Board of Directors
Nominating and Corporate  
Governance Committee
Sustainability and social responsibilityAudit Committee  
Risk exposure assessment 
of financial, compliance, and 
cybersecurity risksCompensation Committee  
Human capital management
ESG Working Group
ESG Oversight
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
16The Board, as a whole and through its standing committees, strives to govern sustainably and works closely 
with our management team to oversee our ESG initiatives and sustainable business practices. Our Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee (NCGC) approved the establishment of an internal working group 
comprised of leaders from our legal, compliance, and human resources (HR) teams to develop and drive the 
implementation of ESG initiatives and sustainability strategies across our business operations and to provide 
updates to our management team and NCGC.
The NCGC oversees and makes recommendations regarding sustainability and social responsibility 
matters relevant to our business, including corporate policies, activities, and opportunities. 
The Audit Committee provides oversight of our guidelines and policies to govern the process by which 
our management team assesses and manages risk exposures, including financial, compliance, and 
cybersecurity risks.
The Compensation Committee oversees strategies and policies related to human capital management, 
including concerning matters such as diversity and inclusion, workplace environment and culture, and 
talent development and retention. Stakeholder Engagement
At PAR, one of our fundamental 
corporate values is WINNING 
TOGETHER. We strive to win, 
but we endeavor to do it together 
with our stakeholders, such as our 
customers, employees, investors, 
and suppliers, who contribute 
daily to the opportunities we see 
in our future. We engage with 
stakeholders to help build a deep 
understanding of key ESG topics 
and accelerate progress on our 
social and environmental initiatives.
Our engagement includes a mix of 
open dialogue, collaboration, and 
transparent disclosure. We listen 
and learn from our key stakeholders 
and use their input to inform, shape, 
and advance our ESG strategy. Introduction
Our Approach to ESG
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Responsible 
Business Practices
IN THIS SECTION
Governance and  Board Composition
Business Ethics and Compliance
Risk Management
Intellectual Property and Competitive Behavior
Supply Chain Management
Government Affairs and AdvocacyTOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
17 © PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Responsible Business Practices
We integrate our core values of honesty, integrity, 
ethics, and compliance into all that we do.  
Coupled with our hard work, these values are 
the foundation on which we build competitive 
excellence and business success. TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
18 © PAR T echnology Corporation
19
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices         Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We strongly believe that sound corporate governance 
principles are critical to delivering sustainable  
business success.  
We recognize that our stakeholders expect our company to meet the highest 
standards of integrity, ethical practices, and accountability by operating 
in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines (Guidelines) in 
all aspects of our operations. For more information about our corporate 
governance, please see our Guidelines on our Investor Relations  website.
Board Independence and Diversity
Our directors have a diverse set of attributes and skillsets from their particular 
fields of expertise, which reflect their broad experience and contribute to 
their exercise of sound business judgment in the governance of our business 
practices. The NCGC continues to strive to identify and nominate candidates 
who have diverse backgrounds (including with respect to demographics, 
such as gender, race, ethnic and national background, geography, age, and 
sexual orientation), differing points of view, and experience in particular fields, 
and believes that, collectively, the Board should represent a diversity of 
perspectives.By the Numbers, Board Diversity
1 / 6 
 Members  
Women
* 1 undesignated2 / 6 4 / 6 
INDEPENDENTResponsible Business Practices
Governance and Board Composition
Underrepresented 
Minorities*
20
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Our values reflect who we are as individuals and who we 
are as PAR people. 
We make the conscious choice to be who we are, stand up for what is right, and 
embrace authenticity. We foster adherence to compliance rules and create and 
promote a compliance culture. 
Oversight of Ethics
Our Audit Committee is responsible for the oversight of our compliance with 
policies and procedures, and for addressing legal and ethical concerns. We have 
appointed a Chief Compliance Officer responsible for implementing and managing 
our compliance program. Our Chief Compliance Officer reports directly to our 
General Counsel and provides quarterly reports to the Audit Committee.
Responsible Business Practices
Business Ethics and Compliance
21
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We have adopted a Code of Conduct (Code) and internal Compliance Handbook (Handbook), which applies 
to all of our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and third-party intermediaries working with 
or on behalf of PAR. We periodically review our Code and Handbook and update them as needed.  
The Code and Handbook address such areas as:
 • Financial Controls     • Insider T rading
 • Mutual Respect     • Bribery and Corruption
 • Money Laundering     • T rade Controls 
 • Fair Dealing and Fair Competition • Conflicts of Interest
 • Business Gifts 
 
For additional details regarding our standards of conduct, please see our Code on our  
Investor Relations  website.Code of Conduct
We believe conducting business ethically is critical to our long-term success. 
We fully expect our employees to adhere to the highest standards of business conduct in every business relationship, including with each other, our customers, 
business partners, and competitors, and we do not tolerate unethical or improper conduct. 
Responsible Business Practices
Business Ethics and Compliance
22
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We do not tolerate violations of any law, regulation, or 
PAR policy or procedures. 
We have a longstanding Whistleblower Policy in place to provide guidance to 
employees for reporting any violations of our Code, the Handbook, or any law, 
rule, or regulation. We provide global, 24/7 access to anonymous reporting 
hosted by an independent, third-party provider. 
Retaliation against anyone for reporting potential misconduct in good faith 
is not permitted, and violations may result in disciplinary action, financial 
penalties (such as denial of a bonus or fines), and termination of employment. 
The PAR Company Hotline can be accessed via telephone, e-mail, or at the 
website,  IntegrityCounts . For more information, please see our Code on our   
Investor Relations  website.We provide global,  
24/7  access to 
anonymous reportingWhistleblower PolicyResponsible Business Practices
Business Ethics and Compliance
23
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
T raining and Acknowledgments
All new employees receive and must acknowledge that they have read and 
understand the Code and Handbook when they begin employment. 
Additionally, we provide compliance training for all new employees and periodic 
targeted training on subjects, including: 
 • The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and international  
  bribery laws
 • Insider trading
 • Giving and receiving business gifts
 • Trade controls
 • Gathering competitive information
 • Conflicts of interest
 • Our Code and HandbookResponsible Business Practices
Business Ethics and Compliance
We engage in internal and external audits of our compliance training 
at least annually and update as needed. All employees must 
annually certify that they have read and complied with the Code and 
are unaware of any violations. 

24
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
The entire Board manages the risk oversight function, with specific areas 
addressed by Board committees within their associated areas of responsibility. 
The NCGC focuses on risks associated with our corporate governance 
policies and practices and ESG matters, while the Compensation Committee 
oversees the assessment of risk related to our compensation policies and 
programs. 
The Board’s Audit Committee regularly meets with our management team 
to discuss and assess management’s guidelines and policies concerning risk 
assessment and risk management and our significant financial risk exposures, 
including the nature and level of risk appropriate for the company and 
management’s strategies and mitigation efforts. The Audit Committee, typically in joint session with the full Board, regularly 
meets and receives reports from our cybersecurity, information technology 
(IT), and compliance teams regarding our systems, data security, and 
compliance with legal and regulatory matters. 
For more information, please see our most recent Proxy Statement on our 
Investor Relations  website.Responsible Business Practices
Risk Management
25
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Basic Rules Regarding Competitive Information
We have guidelines to provide protocols for prohibited practices around competitive information 
within our policy for “Basic Rules: Gathering Competitive Information,” which are included in our 
annual compliance training plan for relevant employees.
 These basic rules address instances where competitive information may not be obtained 
or used if it is:
 • Obtained directly from a competitor, unless received through one of the  
  permitted sources  (i.e., a competitor’s public website)
 • Nonpublic or protected (i.e., subject to a confidentiality agreement) 
 • Obtained through deceit or misrepresentation  (such as posing as a customer  
  or reporter) Intellectual Property
A number of our products and components 
are developed and designed based on our 
existing copyrighted work and/or patents issued 
or obtained through the acquisition of other 
businesses. Our other products include software 
or other intellectual property licensed from third 
parties. 
We establish, maintain, and protect our 
intellectual property rights and additional 
proprietary information through patents, 
copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws. T o 
learn more, please see “Intellectual Property and 
Other Rights” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K 
for FY2021 on our Investor Relations  website.Responsible Business Practices
Intellectual Property and Competitive Behavior
26
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Vendor Management
We have established a vendor evaluation process that requires all potential new suppliers 
to complete a supplier questionnaire that provides, among other things, information about 
their quality systems, corrective action processes, their packaging and delivery systems, and 
their legal and compliance programs. We also subject high-risk suppliers to supplemental 
background checks. We conduct an annual survey of those suppliers who provide components 
that may contain conflict minerals to avoid sourcing such components. We have implemented 
additional safeguards to comply with the recently passed Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention 
Act. Additionally, we engage in ongoing collaboration with our customers to ensure an equitable 
supply chain across the vendor management process.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted on-site audits of all of our new critical suppliers 
every three years. We continue to assess travel conditions and as travel becomes safer and less 
restricted, we will resume on-site audits. Our suppliers are critical to our success, and to provide superior products and services responsibly, we require suppliers to meet our expectations for ethics and 
compliance. We expect all suppliers to comply with all laws and regulations applicable to their business relationship with us.Responsible Business Practices
Supply Chain Management

27
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Supplier Code of Conduct
We have a rigorous Supplier Code of Conduct (Supplier Code) in place to establish the expectations for each of our suppliers that align with the expectations we 
maintain for our directors, officers, and employees. We require training and compliance acknowledgment by our suppliers upon onboarding and annually thereafter.
For additional information regarding our expectations of suppliers, please see our Supplier Code  on our website. 
Highlights of our Supplier Code include:
Quality and Environmental Health and Safety.  Products and services must be designed, produced, and delivered with the paramount consideration 
being the safety and health of employees and consumers. Quality assurance processes must be in place to detect, communicate to PAR, and correct 
defects to ensure the delivery of products and services that meet or exceed contractual quality and legal and regulatory requirements. All required 
inspection and testing operations must be completed properly by appropriately authorized and qualified individuals, and any required certifications 
must be completed accurately.
Conflict Minerals.  All suppliers must take all measures necessary to comply with our Conflict Minerals requirements. For more information, please see 
our latest Conflict Mineral Report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on our Investor Relations website.
Human T rafficking. Suppliers must comply with laws and regulations prohibiting human trafficking. Furthermore, suppliers must not engage in the use 
of forced labor, bonded labor, indentured labor, involuntary prison labor, slavery, or human trafficking. Responsible Business Practices
Supply Chain Management
28
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We do not maintain any political action committees 
and do not engage in lobbying activities. 
We also do not reimburse, compensate, or otherwise incentivize employees 
for making political contributions, and we do not have a lobbying program nor 
did we spend money on lobbyists in FY2021.
We do not use corporate funds for independent political expenditures to 
support or oppose any candidate for office. We did not make any corporate 
political contributions or political party contributions in FY2021.Responsible Business Practices
Government Affairs and Advocacy
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Our People  
and Culture
IN THIS SECTION
People Strategy and Oversight
T alent Retention and Development
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Workplace Health and Safety
Philanthropy and VolunteerismTOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
29 © PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Our People and Culture
We are here to think huge and lead alongside innovative (and delicious) restaurants. Working with us means being 
part of a global team that is always challenging, focuses on the restaurant experience rather than the bottom line, 
and is not afraid to move fast and boldly.
At PAR, we take a holistic approach to ensure the health, well-being, and psychological safety of our people. This is reflected in our 
talent acquisition and retention, talent management, and diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) strategy. We strive to provide a high level 
of care and support, going beyond the baseline to ensure our employees are in a position to perform at their best.We are people with big appetites, warm hearts, 
and ambition. We are not just here to sell a flashy 
product; we are daring and long-term partners in 
our customers’ success.TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture         Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
30 © PAR T echnology Corporation
31
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Our People and Culture
Our people are our most important asset. We are self-
starters, embrace challenges, and have collaborative 
mindsets. We’re here to help restaurants do what they do 
best: turn each and every order into a unique and lasting 
relationship. 
T o create an environment that reflects our values, where our 
employees can thrive. 
T o hire the best talent, give them the responsibility and authority 
they deserve and need, and let them decide how to best execute.
OUR MISSION
OUR STRATEGY
Human Capital Oversight
The Board has assigned oversight responsibility of human capital management to the Compensation Committee to oversee our strategies and policies related 
to diversity and inclusion, workplace environment and culture, and talent development and retention. Our management team is responsible for developing and 
executing our human capital strategy. Our Senior Vice President of HR regularly updates the Compensation Committee on the development, implementation, 
and progress of key initiatives. People Strategy and Oversight
32
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Compensation, Health, and Wellness
We design our employee compensation and benefits programs to be competitive, reinforce 
our commitment to DEI, be consistent with our values, and incentivize and reward outstanding 
performance. We realize how important benefits are to our employees and are committed to helping 
them and their families enjoy the best possible well-being. Benefits are regularly reviewed to ensure 
that we provide the highest standard of care for our employees and reflect market conditions to 
attract and retain talent. Some highlights1 of our benefits include the following:
 • Work-life balance through flexible schedule and part-time options
 • Comprehensive, affordable healthcare insurance program
 • Employee wellness program and mental health benefits
 • Unlimited paid time off, sick time, and holidays
 • Generous 401(k) and Registered Retirement Savings Plan matching programs  
 • Family leave, including bonding time, infertility benefits, and adoption assistance
1Benefits reflect those offered to qualifying full-time employees (+30 hours/week) based in the U.S.  
or CanadaWe prioritize finding, developing, 
and rewarding extraordinary talent. 
Our employee-first strategy is a priority 
designed to provide a diverse, inclusive, and 
safe environment where our employees across 
the company enjoy coming to work each day to 
support our customers and grow our business. Our People and Culture
T alent Retention and Development

33
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture         Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Employee Assistance Program
We are committed to supporting our employee’s total well-being. 
We offer our employees access to an Employee Assistance Program that assists with everyday 
issues at no cost. The program offers help with work-life issues, referrals for clinical, legal and 
financial services, and more, including:
 • Family:  Divorce, elderly care, and returning to work after having a baby
 • Work:  Job relocation, navigating the organization, and building relationships with  
  other employees
 • Money:  Budgeting, financial guidance, and retirement planning
 • Legal Services: Issues related to civil, personal and family law, financial matters, real  
  estate, and estate planning
 • Identity Theft:  ID theft prevention
 • Health:  Coping with anxiety or depression; getting the proper amount of sleep
 • Everyday Life:  Moving and adjusting to a new communityOur People and Culture
T alent Retention and Development
34
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Engagement Launch
We have a systematic process for encouraging 
employee engagement, adjusting the business, and 
measuring  outcomes.  We designed an engagement 
survey approach to connect with our employees 
across multiple areas of interest, such as DEI and 
feeling valued. We believe this engagement strategy 
is beneficial to forming connections, improving 
retention, and strengthening employee connection 
to their work.T alent Engagement, T raining and Development
We aim to be an employer of choice.
We are investing in systems, processes, and development resources that help employees spend valuable time driving innovation in their work and developing 
their careers. We intend to unlock the potential of all employees during their career journey. 
T raining and Development
In February 2022, we were pleased to offer LinkedIn Learning ®, an on-demand online training 
and development platform providing employees with access to courses ranging from leadership, 
communication, sales, technical skills, and even basic safety training. Employees can search the 
LinkedIn Learning ® catalog to identify training as part of individual growth and development. 
Over time, managers will be able to assign training content to their employees that are tied to 
individual development or expansion of business acumen. We anticipate additional investment in our 
training and development programs to ensure we are invested in continuing to up-skill and re-skill our 
existing workforce.Our People and Culture
T alent Retention and Development
35
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Annual Performance Reviews
We updated our employee review approach for 2021 to incorporate a holistic approach to facilitate a performance review for the past year and a talent 
assessment to inform future development plans. 
We continue to evaluate this process to create a holistic annual talent roadmap. We believe this approach fosters relationship building and solid engagement 
between the manager and employee, which can positively impact retention and performance. 
Annual T alent Roadmap
GOAL SETTING PERFORMANCE REVIEW TALENT ASSESSMENT 360 FEEDBACK
Annual goal setting and 
trackingSelf-assessment and 
manager reviewPotential review and 
development planningGiving and receiving 
feedback are vital to 
growth and developmentOur People and Culture
T alent Retention and Development
36
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We recognize as a team that strengthening a culture of DEI is an always-on effort that requires prioritization and intentionality. Our goal is to improve personal 
understanding of DEI, develop inclusive leadership capabilities, enhance team cultures, and impact organizational processes and products.
Our DEI Philosophy
In 2021, we established a global DEI T eam directed by senior HR leaders to guide and build the foundational elements of our corporate DEI program. While we 
are at the beginning of our journey, our resolve is strong, and our leadership is dedicated to advancing our DEI competencies and values. We are committed to 
creating a diverse and equitable environment that supports our employees to be their authentic selves, thrive, and feel included, valued, and inspired. Our commitment to DEI at PAR is simple – it’s about 
community and belonging.Our People and Culture
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Community. Belonging. Everything in Between. OUR PHILOSOPHY
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at PAR is simple;  
it’s about community and belonging.
We aim to represent the diversity we see in all our customers and their communities. We want to 
understand and integrate our employee’s unique perspectives and voices every day.
Our employees should feel a sense of belonging and WANT to be part of the PAR team.
Through our values of speed, ownership, focus, and winning together,  
we aim to be an industry leader in equity and inclusion.
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture         Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Our People and Culture
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
37 © PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
OUR JOURNEYTOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Our People and Culture
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
2020 + 2021 2022 + 2023 & Beyond 2022Sensing/Getting Ready Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3
Recognizing and 
understanding the 
value of DEI at PARFormalizing PAR’s DEI 
Strategy and taking 
initial action to show 
commitment to this workPAR is launching broad 
practices, policies, and 
programs that foster 
DEI at PARDEI principles, values, and 
programs are integrated into our 
systems and processes that impact 
culture and business strategy
38 © PAR T echnology Corporation
39
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture         Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Building DEI Acumen and Awareness
Our leadership team is committed to developing 
and deepening our DEI acumen. 
All PAR employees participate in training programs to drive employee 
awareness and empowerment and to ensure that our internal practices 
and policies promote an equitable and inclusive environment. Our 
learning focuses on workshops that cover foundational topics such as:  
 • Anti-Bias 
 • Empathy and Allyship
 • Discrimination and Microaggressions
 • Inclusive Leadership Our People and Culture
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Our People and Culture
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Our DEI Competency Model
Awareness and Empathy
Knowledge and Insight
Metrics and ResourcesRecognize internal bias. Disrupt bias and inequity. Engage employees to call-in. 
Empower DEI ambassadors / leaders within our organization.
Understand the impact of DEI on our business. Acknowledge how DEI drives our 
culture. Able to identify barriers to DEI efforts.
Set clear DEI objectives across the organization. Provide ongoing resources 
to empower and educate employees.  Measure the impact of DEI efforts on 
workplace metrics and behaviors.
40 © PAR T echnology Corporation
41
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Employee Resource Group
In the spirit of our DEI philosophy, we continue to 
gradually launch employee resource groups (ERGs) 
to foster community and belonging among our team 
through networking with others who share common 
interests and backgrounds. 
The ERGs are voluntary, led by employees, and approved and supported 
by PAR. We continue to create ERGs as our global DEI program continues 
to expand. Our People and Culture
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
42
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We provide our employees with the personal protective equipment (PPE) and 
mechanical safeguards required for personal safety and health, in keeping 
with the current government and industry standards, as outlined in our 
Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) Policy.   
The importance of keeping our employees safe and healthy was underscored 
by our response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
We adopted operating policies consistent with the guidance provided by the 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and local health authorities to 
protect our employees and their families, including work-at-home policies, PPE 
requirements, limitations on visitors, and our business essential only travel 
policy.Our People and Culture
Workplace Health and Safety
Our EHS Policy includes a detailed Emergency Action Plan in the event of 
a fire, severe weather, medical emergency, or related events. We provide 
training for all new hires and annual training and evacuation drills for all 
employees in our facilities. 
The Emergency Action Plan is reviewed annually or as needed if changes 
to the worksite are made, then modified after each drill as necessary to 
address any weakness identified in the plan. The EHS Policy also covers 
additional topics such as :
 • Infectious Disease Plan
 • Injury and Illness Prevention
 • Ergonomics
 • Workplace ViolenceThe personal safety and health of each employee is of 
primary importance.
43
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We seek to connect with the communities where we live and work 
and to provide the resources needed to help them thrive.
In keeping with this principle, we contribute to qualified charitable organizations to promote 
possibilities for good in our communities, our industry, our country, and the world. Our Chief 
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer provide oversight of our Charitable Giving 
Guidelines and annual donation budget, including the required procedures for the Charitable 
Giving Committee and Compliance team’s review and approval of all donations. 
We give to those charities and causes that complement our corporate philosophy, business 
focus, and core values, focusing our support in the following areas: combating food insecurity 
and childhood hunger; supporting restaurant workers negatively impacted by natural disasters, 
civil unrest, and other crises; cultivating computer and technology skills, innovation and diverse 
thinking; and providing support for veterans and military families.Our People and Culture
Philanthropy and Volunteerism

TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Our Data  
Responsibility
IN THIS SECTION
Data Security Management
Customer Privacy and Product Security
Third-Party Supplier Assessment and ComplianceTOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility         Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
44 © PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Our Data Responsibility
We focus on our stewardship to responsibly manage our data privacy protocols and systems to securely protect 
data in a very complex, global environment. Our customers trust us to keep their valued data 
safe and secure. We incorporate automation into our 
solutions to reduce the manual and environmental 
overhead that comes with operational efficiencies.TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
45 © PAR T echnology Corporation
46
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
The Audit Committee is responsible for the 
oversight of our exposure to cybersecurity 
risks and the steps management takes to 
monitor and control such exposures. 
Our Director of Cybersecurity leads our 
Security Council, composed of cross-
functional leaders from our legal, finance, 
compliance, and IT teams, and provides 
updates on our security operation incident 
management to the Audit Committee at 
least quarterly.We recognize that digital information is a valuable asset. We view our responsibility and oversight of enterprise data security, customer privacy, and business 
continuity practices as essential to ensuring our long-term operational sustainability and business success. 
Information Security Policy and Compliance
Our Information Security Policy (Info Security Policy) outlines an effective and secure standard for 
information security within our corporate structure. This Info Security Policy is defined by the Director of 
Cybersecurity and approved by the Security Council, published and communicated to all relevant internal 
and external parties, and applies to all contractors, vendors, partners, temporary workers, and agents 
operating on behalf of PAR (collectively, agents), and employees. 
All information systems, servers, networks, workstations, and devices with internet connection capability 
or data storage capability are configured and managed according to the CIS Critical Security Controls 
(CIS T op 18). All employees and agents are responsible for safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity, and 
availability of any systems, software, equipment, technology, or information to which they have access.Our Data Responsibility
Data Security Management
Accountability and Oversight
47
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
T raining and Security Awareness
The Info Security Policy outlines our expectations for all employees and agents to maintain an up-to-
date awareness of information security related to all company information and IT systems used within 
our business. 
All employees are required to receive regular IT security awareness training via a training platform 
to remain informed on current best practices, and employee completion rates are audited internally. 
Additionally, all new hires receive security awareness training as a part of their onboarding process. Our Data Responsibility
Data Security Management
48
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Certifications and Third-Party Audits
Our Info Security Policy is universally applied across all business operations. We align with the Center for Internet Security (CIS) T op 18 Controls for our guidelines 
in implementing effective defense controls against cyber threats.  Our Data Responsibility
Data Security Management
We regularly review and maintain our technology systems to ensure the 
confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our customer data. Our Internal 
Audit team conducts regularly scheduled audits on IT systems and 
business systems. 
We routinely engage with a reputable, objective, and licensed auditor to 
comprehensively assess our controls, capabilities, and programs against 
stringent standards. We also monitor our external exposure through a third-
party service; we review these reports monthly and make changes and 
updates accordingly. PAR has been certified to various international security certifications and 
standards and otherwise adopts appropriate best practices from industry-
leading frameworks and standard bearers, such as: 
 • Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS)
 • California Consumer Privacy Act
 • General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
 • SOC 1 and SOC 2 reports for multiple products
 • Payment Application Data Security Standard (PA-DSS)
49
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan
In the event of a cyber breach, we have an Incident 
Response Plan (IRP) to address the situation. 
The IRP is followed across the company in the event of a security 
incident, to manage security incidents from the detection of an 
incident to restoring normal operations. The Director of Cybersecurity 
is responsible for assessing the initial scope of a security incident, 
assembling the appropriate members of the cybersecurity council, and 
appointing an incident manager.  
The IRP is designed to detect, analyze, contain, and eradicate all 
such security incidents. The IRP is reviewed at least annually and 
updated as needed. The Director of Cybersecurity also directs internal 
cybersecurity tabletop exercises at least quarterly and engages a third-
party auditor to review our security policies and IRP regularly. Our Data Responsibility
Data Security Management
50
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Privacy Policy
We respect privacy and are committed to 
protecting personal data collected through 
our website or offline in our provision of 
products and services. T o learn more, please 
see our Privacy Policy.Our emphasis on data privacy and product security compliance and protocols are critical to our support of our customers. We have systems in place that are 
designed to protect and secure our customers’ data.
Product Security
We have an application security team that reviews and confirms that each of the software solutions 
offered by PAR operates under an appropriate set of security measures by implementing and enhancing 
the security systems, processes, and tools for software development and the security of cloud-hosted 
products. We have quality assurance policies and protocols in place to protect our customers’ data.  Our Data Responsibility
Customer Privacy and Product Security
51
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
We directly oversee all data processing activities required to  
provide our services.
We also engage third-party suppliers to provide services related to some of our solutions. Before 
onboarding third-party suppliers, we assess and confirm that they provide product security 
and data privacy appropriate to their access privileges and the scope of services provided. 
Further, third parties are required to comply with appropriate security, confidentiality, and privacy 
contract terms.
We outsource the majority of our data center needs to third-party providers utilizing cloud-based 
platforms and leveraging their physical and data security infrastructure. These providers are 
required to comply with our third-party vendor and security protocols, other applicable PAR 
policies, processes, procedures, and all applicable laws, including data privacy laws. We also host 
a local data center onsite and conduct regular risk assessments.Our Data Responsibility
Third-Party Supplier Assessment and Compliance

TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Environmental  
Stewardship
IN THIS SECTION
Our Environmental FootprintTOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
52 © PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Environmental Stewardship
We are just starting to identify ecological and economic risks and opportunities of climate change to integrate them 
into our business initiatives and strategies. We strive to minimize the environmental impact of 
our operational footprint by adopting sustainable 
business practices. TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
53 © PAR T echnology Corporation
54
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship         Appendix
We own our headquarters (HQ) office in New Hartford, New York. We 
are currently evaluating our HQ building to assess and incorporate 
eco-friendly business practices where possible.
For example, we are actively engaged in a regular e-waste recycling and disposal program 
for technology cables, boards, and batteries, which ultimately helps to lessen our operational 
waste footprint. We are further decreasing our waste by adopting the use of reusable boxes 
that are designed to be shipped, returned, and then reused for shipping our hardware products. 
We estimate that we used 10,000 reusable boxes in FY2021, and we plan to expand our use of 
reusable containers.
We also outsource the majority of our data center needs to large-scale industry providers, 
decreasing our overall carbon footprint by leveraging the economies-of-scale and environmental 
efficiencies of our vendors’ cloud-based data center capabilities.Environmental Stewardship
Our Environmental Footprint

55
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented a policy that allows our non-production employees to work remotely. This lowers our overall 
operational environmental impact through reduced office space needs and fewer employee commutes. Besides our HQ, we lease our office space, allowing us 
to nimbly rightsize our operational footprint and lower our overall environmental footprint and emissions. 
While most of the decisions about the operations of our leased facilities are controlled by third-party property managers, we integrate eco-friendly business 
practices where possible, such as: 
 • Energy conservation with motion-sensor lighting
 • Waste diversion with recycling options in our breakrooms and a paper shredding/recycling program
 • Water conservation with automatic water efficiency featuresEnvironmental Stewardship
Our Environmental Footprint
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Appendix
IN THIS SECTION
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
56 © PAR T echnology Corporation
57
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are a collaborative, global effort to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all. 
Represented by 17 Global Goals and 169 targets, the SDGs address challenges of poverty, inequality, climate change, environmental degradation, peace and 
justice. We identified the key areas where we have the greatest influence and impact through our business strategy, products and services.Appendix
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
GOAL Description PAR’s Contributions Report Section
Ensure healthy lives and promote 
well-being for all at all agesWe take a holistic approach to ensure the health, 
well-being, and psychological safety of our people 
through our comprehensive benefits and Employee 
Assistance Program.Our People and Culture
Achieve gender equality and 
empower all women and girlsWe strive to include a balance of diverse 
backgrounds, including gender, within our team. We 
are dedicated to improving our understanding and 
integration of diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI), 
developing inclusive leadership capabilities, and 
enhancing team cultures.Our People and Culture

58
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Appendix
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
GOAL Description PAR’s Contributions Report Section
Promote sustained, inclusive and 
sustainable economic growth, full 
and productive employment and 
decent work for allWe design our employee compensation and 
benefits programs to be competitive, consistent 
with our values, and incentivize and reward 
outstanding performance.Our People and Culture
Make cities and human settlements 
inclusive, safe, resilient and 
sustainableWe seek to connect with the communities where 
we live and work and to provide the resources 
needed to help them thrive.Philanthropy and 
Volunteerism
59
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
The following tables incorporate the accounting standards from the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) related to Software and IT Services  
(TC-SI) and Hardware (TC-HW). They include the relevant topic metric(s) where available and/or references to sections within this report where specific topics 
are discussed.Appendix
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
T opic Accounting Metric SASB Code PAR Response
Environmental 
Footprint of Hardware 
Infrastructure(1) T otal energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable TC-SI-130a.1
Environmental 
Stewardship(1) T otal water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely High 
Baseline Water StressTC-SI-130a.2
Discussion of the integration of environmental considerations into strategic planning for data center needs TC-SI-130a.3
Data Privacy 
and Freedom of 
ExpressionDescription of policies and practices relating to behavioral advertising and user privacy TC-SI-220a.1
Our Data 
ResponsibilityNumber of users whose information is used for secondary purposes TC-SI-220a.2
T otal amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with user privacy TC-SI-220a.3
(1) Number of law enforcement requests for user information, (2) number of users whose information was 
requested, (3) percentage resulting in disclosureTC-SI-220a.4
List of countries where core products or services are subject to government-required monitoring, blocking, 
content filtering, or censoringTC-SI-220a.5Sustainability Disclosure T opics and Accounting Metrics:  Software and IT Services
60
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Appendix
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
T opic Accounting Metric SASB Code PAR Response
Data Security(1) Number of data breaches, (2) percentage involving personally identifiable information (PII), (3) number of 
users affectedTC-SI-230a.1
Our Data 
ResponsibilityDescription of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks, including use of third-party 
cybersecurity standardsTC-SI-230a.2
Recruiting and 
Managing a Global, 
Diverse and Skilled 
WorkforcePercentage of employees that are (1) foreign nationals and (2) located offshore TC-SI-330a.1
Our People and 
CultureEmployee engagement as a percentage TC-SI-330a.2
Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for (1) management, (2) technical staff, and (3) all 
other employeesTC-SI-330a.3
Intellectual Property 
Protection and 
Competitive BehaviorT otal amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anti-competitive behavior 
regulationsTC-SI-520a.1Intellectual Property 
and 
Competitive 
Behavior
Managing 
Systemic Risks 
from T echnology 
DisruptionsNumber of (1) performance issues and (2) service disruptions; (3) total customer downtime TC-SI-550a.1
Our Data 
Responsibility Description of business continuity risks related to disruptions of operations TC-SI-550a.2
61
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Appendix
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
T opic Accounting Metric SASB Code PAR Response
Product SecurityDescription of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks in products TC-HW-230a.1 Our Data 
Responsibility
Employee Diversity 
and InclusionPercentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for (1) management, (2) technical staff, and (3) all 
other employees2TC-HW-330a.1 Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion
Product Lifecycle 
ManagementPercentage of products by revenue that contain IEC 62474 declarable substances3 TC-HW-410a.1
Our Data 
ResponsibilityPercentage of eligible products, by revenue, meeting the requirements for EPEA T registration or equivalent4 TC-HW-410a.2
Percentage of eligible products, by revenue, meeting ENERGY ST AR® criteria TC-HW-410a.3
Weight of end-of-life products and e-waste recovered, percentage recycled TC-HW-410a.4Sustainability Disclosure T opics and Accounting Metrics:  Hardware
62
© PAR T echnology Corporation
TOC        Introduction        Responsible Business Practices        Our People and Culture        Our Data Responsibility        Environmental Stewardship        Appendix
Appendix
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
T opic Accounting Metric SASB Code PAR Response
Supply Chain 
ManagementPercentage of Tier 1 supplier facilities audited in the RBA Validated Audit Process (VAP) or equivalent, by (a) all 
facilities and (b) high-risk facilitiesTC-HW-430a.1
Supply Chain 
ManagementTier 1 suppliers’ (1) non-conformance rate with the RBA Validated Audit Process (VAP) or equivalent, and (2) 
associated corrective action rate for (a) priority non-conformances and (b) other non-conformancesTC-HW-430a.2
Materials SourcingDescription of the management of risks associated with the use of critical materials TC-HW-440a.1 Supply Chain 
Management