2020natural collaborative empowered renewable responsible recyclable principled innovative resilient adaptive strategic essential sustainable unified
Responsibility Report

NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTSOur Packaging segment  is known for its expertise in the manufacturing and  
sales of containerboard and corrugated products, and our Paper segment  
(Boise Paper)  produces and sells consumer-brand office and business papers. 
T ogether, we are focused on bringing value to a growing number of customers 
around the world. 
PCA is a large company  with a small-company feel . Our customers enjoy 
wide-ranging resources, benefits of scale, as well as responsive service in the  
right place at the right time. 
PCA ’s common stock is listed on the New Y ork Stock Exchange under the ticker 
symbol PKG . 
PCA is the third largest producer of containerboard and corrugated products   
in North America. We manufacture a complete range of high-performing  
linerboard and corrugating medium at our containerboard mills and produce  
a wide variety of corrugated containers and displays at our converting facilities. 
Boise Paper is the third largest producer of uncoated freesheet  in North America. 
Our team is dedicated to providing high-quality products, outstanding customer 
service and industry-leading supply chain performance, with a product portfolio 
that includes office papers and printing and converting papers.Packaging Corporation of America 
is an ideas and solutions company.
natural collaborative strategic renewable prepared resilient unified innovative recyclable adaptive empowered essential sustainable principled
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTScontents
Executive Statement 4
general disclosures 5
Company Profile 2020 5
Sustainability Strategy  6
Stakeholder Engagement 7
Materiality 9
Key Impacts 11
Map of Locations 11
2020 Goals 12
2030 Goals 12
people 13
Occupational Health and Safety  14
Training and Development 17
Employment 20
Labor Relations 24
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 25
customers 26
Climate Change 27
Energy  30
Emissions 32
Raw Material Sourcing 35
Biodiversity  40
Water and Effluents 42
Waste 44
Procurement Practices 45
trust 47
Environmental Excellence 48
Community Outreach 49
Economic Performance 51
Consumer Health and Safety  53
appendix 55
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index  56
Membership of Associations 59
Emission Factors and  
Global Warming Potential (GWP) 60
Employer Information Report EEO-1,  
Employment Data 61
Master Data Table 62
Glossary  68
List of Referenced Sources 70
2020Executive Statement
T o all stakeholders, 
The COVID-19 pandemic and extreme weather events of 2020 have  
tested the resilience of global supply chains, domestic economies and our 
collective will. PCA ’s response to these events demonstrates that we are always 
guided by our foundational principles of People • Customers • Trust.  
We continue to be committed to safeguarding the well-being of our employees; 
providing essential, sustainable products to our valued customers; and protecting 
the natural environment. As an extension of our long-term business philosophy  
and our commitment to thinking and acting responsibly in all that we do, I am 
pleased to share that PCA ’s Board of Directors has formed a Sustainability 
Committee, which will provide oversight for all environmental, health and  
safety, and sustainability matters.
Increasing competition for labor presents challenges to our operations  
both now and in the future. We are therefore working to attract diverse talent  
by embracing an inclusive work environment that considers the unique needs  
of all workers. We are establishing a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Council to 
hone our strategy, create a roadmap for inclusive leadership and set goals for  
the organization.
Innovative ideas and solutions come from a strong and diverse workforce, 
and the contributions of our people will be instrumental in developing effective 
ways to address the impacts of climate change. PCA is committed to doing our 
part to support the American Forest & Paper Association’s 2030 goal of reducing 
total scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 50% from a 2005 
baseline. T o pursue this goal, we have assembled a Carbon Neutrality T eam, 
which is responsible for leading our efforts and plotting our course.
One of PCA ’s many strengths is that we take action when others are in need. 
This was clearly demonstrated when the employees of our DeRidder, Louisiana, 
containerboard mill responded to the devastation caused by Hurricane Laura 
last August. I’m proud to share the details of their response in this report. Their 
actions were unprecedented and set a new standard for how our operations 
support members of their community.
The areas surrounding most of our mill communities contain abundant 
forestland. Our business depends on the health of these forests, which also 
provide clean air, clean water and recreation for the community, and habitats 
for wildlife. In order to protect this critically important natural resource, we are 
continuing to engage with our supply chain partners to help forestland owners 
become better stewards of their land.
Achieving our shared goals takes time and coordinated effort. PCA will 
continue to take a long-term view and is committed to continuously improving 
our sustainability efforts. I am confident in the ability of our people to serve our 
customers by delivering the most sustainable products, manufactured in facilities 
that are dedicated to achieving the highest standards in safety, quality and social 
responsibility.
We appreciate your continued interest in our progress.Mark W. Kowlzan
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
June 30, 2021
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
Sustainability Strategy
Stakeholder Engagement
Materiality
Key Impacts
Map of Locations
2020 Goals
2030 Goalsgeneral disclosuresCompany Profile 2020
Packaging  
SegmentPaper  
Segment15,200  employees $6.7 Billion  in revenue
6 
containerboard mills90  
converting operations2 
white paper mills
4.3  
million tons of 
containerboard62.8  
billion square feet of 
corrugated products650  
thousand tons of  
uncoated freesheet
16,000  customers
33,000  locations100  customers
400  locations
Note: PCA’s paper segment operates under the trade name  
Boise Paper, a division of Packaging Corporation of America.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
6
2020 PCA Responsibility Report general disclosuresgeneral disclosuresSustainability Strategy
PCA ’s sustainability strategy is built on our core values: People • Customers • Trust . 
People are at the very heart of this philosophy. The safety, health and well-being of 
our people is essential to our success. We care about each other, our customers and 
the communities in which we operate, and we work tirelessly to earn the trust of our 
stakeholders.
We consider ourselves an ideas and solutions company. We believe it is essential to hire 
and promote diverse candidates and employees in order to bring the best ideas to life.  
We strive to be an employer of choice and are establishing a Diversity, Equity and  
Inclusion Council to hone our strategy and to create a roadmap for inclusive leadership. 
Our customers are seeking packaging solutions that are sustainable. They also want to 
work with companies that are guided by strong moral and ethical standards. PCA has  
and will continue to rise to the challenge of meeting the ever-growing needs of our  
stakeholders. We are an established, world-class organization with a truly local focus.  
This local focus goes beyond our business relationships, and we pride ourselves on  
being a contributing member of the communities where we operate.
PCA mills are powered primarily with biogenic fuels, a carbon-neutral and renewable 
form of energy. To accelerate and further our progress, we have established a Carbon 
Neutrality Team, responsible for developing and implementing our strategy to become  
a carbon-neutral company.
PCA products are made from a renewable natural resource — trees. Our supply of timber 
is grown to be harvested, which provides ecosystem services during the growth cycle, 
including sequestering carbon dioxide, providing clean water and serving as habitats  
for wildlife. Our high-performing packaging products protect and market our customers’ 
products, which improve people’s lives and support the economy. And our paper products 
help people share important information while providing a 99.99% Jam-Free® perfor -
mance guarantee — saving our customers time and frustration. At end-of-life, greater 
than 95% of our products are recyclable and support the exceptional recycling rates for 
corrugated and paper products.
This report shares many of the specific actions we are taking, along with our progress to 
date, and how we engage to make a positive impact on our planet and society.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
7
2020 PCA Responsibility Report general disclosuresgeneral disclosuresStakeholder Engagement
PCA employees engage with our stakeholders on an ongoing basis, both through 
the normal course of business and through specific programs of targeted engage-
ment. At the local level, this includes engaging with members of the community 
(including governments) to understand their needs and goals and to identify how 
PCA can best provide support. We also engage with our suppliers to ensure that 
we are always able to meet our customers’ needs. Our most focused engagement 
programs, however, are with our employees and our customers. 
Our employee engagement program, Your Opinion Counts, is offered to approximately 
10,000 employees of PCA’s Corrugated Products group. We are working toward expanding 
our efforts to include all employees. Our customer engagement program, Customer  
ConneXions, is currently offered to customers of PCA’s Corrugated Products group. 
These programs help us focus our efforts to ensure we are meeting our employees’  
needs and exceeding our customers’ expectations every day.
 Employee Engagement, Y our Opinion Counts
At PCA, we believe that people make the difference. Our 
culture encourages our people to do their best and to do 
what’s right — for each other and for our customers. We hold 
ourselves accountable for results and continuously strive to 
be better. Although we did not survey our employees in 2020 
(as scheduled) due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we typically 
solicit their feedback every two years to learn about their work experience. Our next 
survey will also include Diversity, Equity and Inclusion topics. Once the survey results are 
collected and analyzed, we then focus on turning our results into action so that we can 
make PCA an even better place to work.
We partner with an independent third-party research firm to tabulate and analyze the 
results of the survey to ensure the integrity of the process and the anonymity of respon-
dents, which provides all employees the opportunity to respond openly and honestly.
We continue to have a high survey response rate, assuring us that the survey results 
strongly represent the feelings and opinions of our employees. Our 2018 employee 
engagement index trended upward and remained notably above the Global Manufacturing 
Benchmark index. In their survey responses, our employees reaffirmed our strong safety 
culture and also overwhelmingly agreed that they enjoy the work they do and that it gives 
them a sense of personal accomplishment.
Customer Engagement, Customer ConneXions
Our customers know that a partnership with PCA isn’t just about buying boxes. It’s about 
building a relationship with a knowledgeable, trusted, committed source; adding value to 
their business and actively contributing to their success in the marketplace.
PCA takes this responsibility very seriously. 
We survey our customers on an ongoing basis 
in an effort to measure customers’ perception 
of their relationship with us and to ensure 
that we are delivering on our promises. During 
2020, PCA did not conduct our normal relationship survey due to the pandemic. Instead, 
we developed a brief customer operations survey that helped us understand how the 
pandemic was impacting our customers’ operations. We received feedback regarding the 
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
8
2020 PCA Responsibility Report general disclosuresgeneral disclosuresstatus of their operations and guidelines related to supplier visits. The customer response 
to this survey was overwhelmingly positive and it helped guide PCA’s engagement with 
our customers during this unprecedented time. 
We partnered with a thought leader in the customer engagement space to help us develop 
survey tools and measure our performance against metrics that are important to our  
customers. The feedback we receive is shared and acted upon in a timely manner and 
enables the voice of the customer to be central in our decision making.
The response rate for business-to-business organizations typically averages around 12% 
to 15%. PCA’s response rate is significantly higher, indicating a high level of engagement 
between our employees and our customers. Our Net Promoter Score is also significantly 
higher than other manufacturing organizations.
PCA’s business philosophy is that highly engaged employees lead to highly engaged 
customers. Our survey responses validate this statement as our customers repeatedly 
acknowledge the strong collaborative relationships they have with PCA’s sales and  
customer service professionals.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
9
2020 PCA Responsibility Report general disclosuresgeneral disclosuresMateriality
T o determine materiality, we first considered information published by thought  
leaders, data-driven reports on the needs and expectations of stakeholder groups 
like landowners and communities as well as, and especially, the needs of our  
employees and customers. In this process we were also informed by the material 
topics defined by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) industry 
standards for Pulp & Paper Products and Containers & Packaging, as well as  
investor surveys and metrics reported on by raters and rankers. Our Corporate  
Sustainability team members regularly attend major sustainability-focused confer -
ences and webinars to make certain that we are educated as to best practices and 
new opportunities and that we are attuned to expectations of stakeholders.
As a result of our research, our materiality assessment started with a list of 21 topics. We 
engaged with our stakeholders to determine which topics are material to our business  
and scored the data we gathered accordingly. In doing so, there was a clear bifurcation  
of topics, and those in the bottom tier are considered immaterial. Fourteen topics are 
considered material, which align with 16 topic-specific GRI standards. 
To determine significance of potentially material topics in this report, we looked to the 
two most impactful stakeholder groups — PCA employees (“people”) and our custom-
ers. We surveyed employees across the country to force-rank topics in the order they felt 
is most significant to PCA. We also conducted research on 45 of our largest customers 
to determine what each has deemed to be material to their organization. Our research 
includes analysis of their public statements, policies, sustainability reports and website 
content, as well as considering direct interactions we’ve had throughout the course of our 
relationship.
In our matrix displayed on the following page, we considered our two most critical 
stakeholders: our people and our customers. Since the data were captured using different 
methods for each group, values were indexed based on the most significant topic so they 
could be plotted. Significance is an indicator of where we must focus our efforts to earn 
even greater trust from our stakeholders.
We believe PCA’s culture, supported by our core values, are the foundations of a sustain-
able company. For this reason, we aligned our material topic disclosures with the most 
suitable core value throughout this report — placing the highest-rated topics as appropri-
ate to the specific values: People • Customers • Trust. 
We are reporting on the 14 material topics as seen in the upper-right of the chart. The 
topics that did not reach the significance threshold may still be important; however,  
they did not garner enough support to be included in this report. If our stakeholders  
feel strongly about the materiality of any given topic, we hope they will engage with us 
and be willing to enter into a constructive dialog. 
 
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
10
2020 PCA Responsibility Report general disclosuresgeneral disclosures
Climate Change (Energy & Emissions)
Occupational
Health & SafetyEmploymentLabor Relations
Environmental
Excellence
Training
& DevelopmentConsumer
Health & SafetyDiversity
& Equal OpportunityCommunity Outreach
Supplier Social Assessment
Anti-Corruption
Human Rights Assessment
Non-Discrimination
Freedom of Association
& Collective BargainingAnti-Competitive 
BehaviorSupplier Environmental 
AssessmentWater & EfﬂuentsWaste
Procurement
Practices
Economic PerformanceRaw Material Sourcing 
& Biodiversity
PeopleSignificance to PeopleCustomersSignificance to Customers14 Material T opics Identified as Most Significant to PCA People and PCA Customers
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
We leverage our GRI Index to report many of our general disclosures, which streamlines 
our reporting process. The majority of these disclosures appear in our Annual Report 
on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), in other SEC 
filings and in policies available on our website. You can find our index at the back of 
this report starting on page 56, as well as in the Sustainability section of our website, 
located at www.packagingcorp.com/sustainability .
11
2020 PCA Responsibility Report general disclosuresgeneral disclosuresKey Impacts
PCA Impacts for  
Material GRI T opicsFiber  
SourcingPulp and  
Paper Making ConvertingSupport,  
Service, Provision Customer UseEnd-of-Life, 
Recovery
Environmental
Materials • • • •
Energy • •
Water & Effluents • •
Biodiversity • •
Emissions • •
Waste • • •
Environmental Compliance • • •
Social
Employment • • •
Labor Management • • • •
Occupational Health & Safety • • • •
Training & Education • • • •
Diversity & Equal Opportunity • • •
Local Communities • • • • •
Consumer Health & Safety • • • • •
Economic
Economic Performance • • • • • •
Procurement Practices • • • •
Map of  
Locations
PHILIPPINESHong Kong TAIWANCHINA                                               
Full-Line Plants
Sheet/Specialty Plants
Hexacomb Plants
Packaging and Supply Centers
Sheet Feeder
Retail Design Centers
Fulfillment Centers
Technical Center
Containerboard Mills
White Paper Mills
Resource and Support Centers
Administrative Offices
Corporate Headquarters
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
12
2020 PCA Responsibility Report general disclosuresgeneral disclosuresPCA ’s operational performance helped the industry achieve many of the American Forest & Paper  
Association’s Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 goals. Additionally, we will be aligning with their 2030  
goals to continue improving our own (and the industry’s) performance. For more information on these  
goals, please visit the sustainability section of the AF&PA website.
2020 Goals
AF&PA Better Practices, Better Planet
Goal Metric 2005  
Industry  
Benchmark2020  
PCA  
Performance2020  
Industry  
Ta rg et Status
15% reduction in 
greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions 
(intensity) T ons CO 2e/ton of 
product 0.83 0.60 0.70Achieved
25% reduction  
(Exceeded  
industry target)
12% reduction in 
pulp and paper 
mills’ water use 
(intensity)Gallons (effluent)/
ton of product 11,280 11,024 9,930Did not meet  
reduction from 
industry benchmark
10% increase in 
purchased energy 
efficiency (intensity)MMBTU/ton of 
product 12.9 8.9 11.6Achieved
31% increase
(Exceeded  
industry target)
Increase fiber 
procurement from 
certified forestlands 
and certified fiber 
sourcing programsPercentage23%
from certified 
forestlands
87%
from certified fiber 
sourcing33%
from certified 
forestlands
100%
from certified fiber 
sourcingIncrease from 
benchmarkAchieved
25% reduction  
of recordable  
incident rateRecordable cases 
x 200,000/total 
hours worked2.6*1.9 2.0Achieved
27% reduction
(Exceeded  
industry target)
* The benchmark year for this goal is 2006. 
Notes: GHG and energy goals include both containerboard and white paper mills and converting operations. • Water and fiber goals are containerboard and white paper mills only.  
• “Tons of product” = Tons of containerboard and uncoated freesheet produced in 2020 (4,989 thousand tons).
2030 Goals
PCA will continue to build on our progress and is committed to helping the industry achieve the ambitious  
AF&PA 2030 goal of reducing total scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 50% from a 2005  
baseline. We have established a Carbon Neutrality T eam (“the T eam”), responsible for developing and  
implementing our strategy to achieve this goal.
One of the foundational elements of this strategy is developing a framework for identifying opportunities. The 
T eam is piloting and validating a carbon model for our DeRidder containerboard mill that will be used to under -
stand the various levers and their magnitudes of impact. These learnings will form the basis for creating models 
for all of our mills, which generate the substantial majority of our scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions.
We are also looking to assess our practices and, where appropriate, to introduce goals for other material  
environmental and social topics relating to water; diversity, equity and inclusion; fiber sourcing; supply chain;  
and community outreach.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
Occupational Health and Safety
Training and Development
Employment
Labor Relations
Diversity, Equity and InclusionPCA ’s success is made possible by a highly engaged, results-oriented workforce 
operating in an entrepreneurial culture. Our people are a differentiator in the 
marketplace, because we place the right people in the right roles and empower  
them to succeed. 
As part of our materiality assessment, we surveyed employees across the country on 
sustainability issues to determine which topics are most significant to them. Those 
topics are reported here in order of significance beginning with the highest-ranked. 
This section of our report includes topics essential to our people, their health and 
safety, their development and how we strive to create a fair and inclusive workplace 
that enables them to flourish. Our people have written our history of success and 
growth, and they will create our future.
people
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
14
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeopleOccupational Health and Safety
1 PCA ’s OHS management system accounts for requirements outlined in OSHA ’s Illness and Injury Prevention Program and 29 CFR Subpart R 
1910.261 “Pulp, Paper and Paperboard Mills” Additional guidance is provided through various standards written by the American National 
Standards Institute (ANSI), and Industry Practices. 
2 PCA has an internal Safe Operating Practice Instruction dedicated to practices of outside contractors, in addition to Safe Practices for 
Outside Contractors, available on our website.
3 Identified training includes federally mandated OSHA training under 29CFR1910.261.PCA is committed to providing and maintaining a safe and healthy work environ-
ment for all employees. We approach our occupational health and safety objec-
tives in multiple ways to best guarantee success. We invest in our people, ensuring 
they have the appropriate training and protective equipment, and we invest in our 
equipment to ensure it is well maintained, reliable and safe to operate. T o realize 
our philosophy that all accidents are preventable and an injury-free environment is 
achievable, we have implemented a robust occupational health and safety manage-
ment system.
Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) Management System
PCA’s OHS management system includes elements intended to engage employees, define 
success and provide practical guidance to achieve excellence. These elements include 
management commitment, safety policy, safe work rules, employee training, safety meet -
ings, employee involvement, safety committee, facility inspections, incident investigation, 
medical treatment/first aid, plant emergency organization, hazard/risk assessment, job 
hazard analysis, communication, industrial hygiene, ergonomics and environment.1 Our 
management system elements are also incorporated into contractual labor agreements, 
where applicable. Resources and tools that support the management system are available 
to employees on PCA’s health and safety intranet site.
Workers Covered by an OHS Management System
All employees, temporary workers and contractors are subject to and are covered by 
PCA’s OHS management system. Contractor agreements require that foundational 
safety training is provided to workers, and site-specific health and safety training is also 
provided by PCA.2 PCA utilizes a third-party verifier to ensure contract workers receive 
adequate health and safety training, maintain written safety programs and have a demon-
strable history of safe operation. 
Worker Training 
PCA provides guidance and instruction for completing federally mandated training 
required under the OSHA Act.3 Training is delivered in a variety of methods including 
classroom instruction, online modules, block training and on-the-job training.
In addition to the federally mandated OSHA training, each job classification has specific 
safety training provided prior to an hourly associate being placed in the job. Training 
includes task-specific safety requirements of that job and how to perform them, as  
well as awareness of the required task-specific personal protective equipment (PPE). 
Training records are maintained by each location.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
15
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeopleHealth and Safety Leadership
To lead the implementation of the OHS management system, PCA has a Health and  
Safety group that consists of a Senior Vice President, a Vice President, Senior Directors, 
Corporate Managers, Regional Managers, and Facility Health and Safety professionals. 
Collectively, our leaders have demonstrated safety excellence for decades, and many team 
members hold professional certifications including Certified Safety Professional (CSP) 
and Certified Hazardous Materials Manager (CHMM).
Our leaders strive to be strong mentors for the next generation of health and safety lead-
ers at PCA, and they work collaboratively within our industry safety committees.4 These 
committees work to raise awareness; share ideas and best practices; and stay current on 
trends, regulations and shared opportunities within the industry. The Health and Safety 
group meets throughout the year for training, performance and program reviews, and 
strategic planning. 
PCA’s Sustainability Committee provides Board-level oversight of health and safety.
Health and Safety Audit Program 
PCA’s policy requires health and safety audits to be conducted every three years at min-
imum. Audits are conducted by corporate and facility health and safety professionals. 
Their findings and recommendations are shared internally.
Employees are instructed and encouraged to report workplace hazards along with correc-
tive actions. Reporting of hazards can be communicated through entry into our electronic 
work order system; verbally with a supervisor, other members of management or joint 
health and safety committee members; or via the PCA Hotline. Employees are free to 
report workplace hazards without fear of reprisal.5 
Incident Investigation
PCA provides written instructions on how to report and investigate near misses, first aid 
treatment, doctor visits, restricted duty cases and lost time accidents. We use investiga-
tion techniques designed to identify root causes and develop corrective actions utilizing 
the hierarchy of controls. Work-related incidents are entered into an electronic incident 
reporting database for tracking and notification. Incident trending and analysis is per -
formed utilizing functions in our reporting database. Reports are used to identify lead-
ing causes of incidents, root causes, and appropriate corrective actions. Data is used to 
develop improvement plans for incident and injury reduction.
Health Services
PCA maintains and has available health and emergency response services at all its  
locations. PCA paper mills have either registered nurses, licensed practical nurses,  
EMTs or paramedics on-site during the day and either on-site or on call after hours.  
These licensed medical professionals provide services such as spirometer testing and 
audiometric examinations. In addition to these services, they offer many health and  
wellness procedures such as blood pressure screenings, health consultations, health  
education and over-the-counter medications. All employees are encouraged to visit  
the medical facility to discuss any health issues or concerns they may have at any time.
4 PCA leaders actively participate in trade association safety committees for the Fibre Box Association (FBA), American Forest & Paper  
Association (AF&PA), the Pulp and Paper Safety Association (PPSA) and the T echnical Association of the Pulp and Paper Industry (TAPPI).
5 This is supported by union contractual language known as “Right to Act” as well as PCA ’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and federal 
law (U.S. Department of Labor — Whistleblower Protection Act).
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
16
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeoplePCA’s converting operations have access to a 24/7 nurse triage line. All plants maintain 
first aid supplies and have employees certified in CPR and first aid. Corporate policy 
requires that each shift be staffed with at least two individuals with CPR and first aid 
certifications.
Worker Participation, Consultation and Communication 
All PCA paper mills have union contracts, which include language concerning hourly  
associates’ participation in safety activities. This participation consists of safety commit -
tees that meet regularly to discuss issues and concerns, to identify opportunities to mitigate 
potential hazards and to serve as information exchange sessions. Hourly associates also 
play pivotal roles within departments and include safety coordinators and auditors during 
shutdowns. In addition, United Steelworkers (USW), International Association of 
Machinists (IAM) and PCA’s management have annual contractual roundtable meetings. 
Employee participation in the roundtable comprises union leadership, hourly employees 
and management. Topics discussed cover best practices, trends and issues; action items 
are identified and tracked to completion by the moderator and union officials.
PCA’s converting operations maintain joint Health and Safety committees that meet 
monthly. Minutes are kept and posted where all employees have access. Committee  
members are represented by all shifts and include management and hourly employees. 
Safety committees participate in safe plant operating assessments, incident investigations 
and inspections. Other employee participation options include being a member of the 
plant emergency organization. In addition, Effective Joint Health and Safety Committee  
training is being completed at all USW-represented locations.
Promotion of Worker Health
Subsidized full-time employee benefits include medical, dental and vision insurance; 
access to an Employee Assistance Program (EAP); short-term disability; life insurance 
and health screening services. The EAP addresses mental and general health concerns  
and is available for employees and family members. Communication for these services  
is provided through posters and e-mail. 
PCA partners with Catapult Health Service, whose goal is to empower individuals to 
improve their health through preventive health checkups and health fairs held at the 
worksite. Events are free to employees and families.
Employees Temporary Workers LEGEND: Industry Average
0.730.941.02 1.051.25
0.490.57
0.430.53
0
01.6
2016 2017 2018 2019 20200.360.390.440.490.63
0.49
0.28 0.260.36
0
00.8
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
1.41.61.71.81.9
1.31.1 1.1 1.1
0.7
02.6
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020Incident 
Types
(2020)Sprain/Strain — 57%Other — 16%Laceration — 2%Slip/Trip/Fall — 25%Safety Performance Metrics
(cases x 200,000/total hours worked)
Days Away, 
Restricted or 
Transferred 
(DART)
Tota l  
Case Rate 
(TCR)Lost Time 
Case Rate 
(L TCR)
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
17
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeopleTraining and Development
The expertise and engagement of our workforce is one of PCA ’s greatest competitive 
advantages. That engagement, as well as the skills and knowledge of our team 
members, are key to PCA ’s ongoing success. Now, more than ever, continuous 
learning and development are essential. We strive to keep PCA and our employees 
at the leading edge. Our premise is that investing in education and development 
will enhance personal growth while creating value for the larger organization, our 
customers and communities. 
As part of that investment, we offer and make available a range of resources to all employ-
ees. We also offer a number of job-specific programs designed to both keep employees 
current and to enhance their continued professional growth. In addition, PCA provides 
several educational programs and opportunities to those who have demonstrated both 
interest and ability to grow in management and leadership roles.
Training Programs and Hours of Training
In 2019 we expanded our reporting to include several additional categories that we track 
centrally or can reliably estimate hours of training where records are retained locally. Due 
to the COVID-19 pandemic, some of our in-person training offerings were temporarily 
suspended if we were unable to conduct them in a manner that guaranteed our employees’ 
health and safety.
We are reporting training hours per employee based on training hours logged at our 
Training and Resource Center, Online Maintenance Training (TPC) and through our 
e-learning platform. In 2020, PCA averaged 1.6 hours of training per employee.
Training and Resource Center
PCA’s Training and Resource Center provides education for our employees on a variety  
of subjects, including basic and advanced corrugating and converting techniques, corruga-
tor and plant scheduling, and transportation. Our experienced staff provides leadership, 
training, operational assistance and industry knowledge to assist PCA’s box plants in 
achieving their goals. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we did not host any training  
activities at our Training and Resource Center in 2020.
E-Learning
Learning online is a proven solution for enhancing the skills of 
our employees. E-learning offers courseware so that employees 
geographically distributed across the United States may access 
quality content without the need for travel. 
Thousands of e-learning assets are available to all employees. 
The majority of our online resources are available 24 hours per 
day, 7 days per week. This benefit is available at no cost to PCA 
learners. Examples include: 
Online Language Learning (Rosetta Stone)  Courseware for 38 languages.
Training and Development  A robust selection of courseware, executive summaries 
and videos on a range of skills and desktop applications.
PCA Learning Library  Custom content developed by PCA subject matter experts  
on a variety of topics.Resources Available
Books 34,647 
Skillsoft Courses 8,625
Custom Courses 639 
Instructor-Led Courses 34
Other Resources 2,800 
Videos 7 ,884 
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
18
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeoplePCA e-learning started in 2001 and has seen over 6,000 individual learners complete 
36,500 courses. In 2020, 7,602 courses were completed by 4,615 employees — 3,046 men 
and 1,569 women — for a total of 5,518 hours. 
Industrial Maintenance Training and Development 
Online maintenance training, provided by TPC (an outside vendor), is available for  
maintenance teams to enhance and develop their skills. TPC offered 184 courses and  
20 webinars in 2020.
We began using TPC maintenance training in 2010, and we have had over 1,400 individual 
learners complete 32,300 courses. In 2020, we had 211 learners who completed a total of 
19,016 hours of training.
Leadership and Development
Throughout PCA’s history, several initiatives and programs have been developed inter -
nally to grow PCA’s leaders of tomorrow and build on the strengths of our current  
front-line, functional and general management leaders. 
As we look to the future, we have continued to enhance our approach to training and 
development, finding new ways to better serve our employees and help them to grow 
and achieve excellence. We are leveraging technology and the experience of PCA experts 
to develop personalized content that is aligned with our business objectives and is made 
available virtually for broader reach. We also embed frequent feedback into the training 
process to increase engagement and ensure that content is on the leading edge. This 
approach helps empower our employees to grow their skillset and ensures that our  
customers continue to get the support they need to grow their business.
Current programs are as follows:
Generational Investment for T omorrow Program (GIFT): Developmental program 
for college recruits or other new employees who are highly engaged and demonstrate 
leadership potential. Participants rotate among and learn across operational roles with 
an intent of furthering PCA’s bench strength. GIFT participants attend conferences 
throughout the year to equip and build their leadership development competencies.
Blueprint for Success: Developmental program for college recruits graduating with 
an electrical, mechanical, chemical or industrial engineering degree. Engineers hired 
at PCA as part of the Blueprint for Success Program participate in a series of technical, 
functional and leadership development learning opportunities. The goal of the program 
is to equip engineers with the skills they need to optimize processes across PCA.
Engineers are paired with a mentor, and they collaborate on similar projects and engage 
with other program participants through a Microsoft Teams channel. Each engineer has 
multiple one-on-one calls with PCA’s Training and Development Manager to provide 
feedback on their experience in the program.
Educational Assistance 
PCA established the Educational Assistance 
Program to support salaried employees in 
developing their capabilities through reim-
bursement of costs incurred in pursuit of 
degrees. Additionally, some participants of 
our Internship/Co-Op program qualify for 
tuition reimbursement.6 
6 Qualifications include minimum GPA of 3.0/4.0, at least one semester as a co-op or intern, and must be in their senior year of college. 2020 Educational Assistance Participation and Contribution
Employees Co-Op Tota l
Women Men Women Men
43 42 0 9 94
$393,500 $41,500 $435,000
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
19
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeopleESG Training
We also train our employees on topics important to reducing risk, such as cybersecurity. 
The following trainings are specific to environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics: 
Cybersecurity
Data fraud or theft and cyberattacks have been considered top global risks in terms of 
likelihood since 2012, and recent ransomware attacks have brought this risk into focus 
for many companies. To heighten our protection against cyber threats, we sought new 
and innovative ways to protect ourselves beyond the digital space. PCA recognized 
social engineering as the main avenue malicious actors use to gain access to digital 
assets, so we knew we needed a better-trained workforce. 
We conducted research and found that humor played an important role in helping 
adults learn, and we wanted to avoid long, PowerPoint-types of courses. In February 
2019, we launched a new training program utilizing short, comical videos that are easy 
to follow and understand. These videos cover topics such as phishing, data protection, 
physical security and sharing of sensitive information. In 2020 our employees completed 
70,882 courses, totaling 3,544 hours.7 
Ethics and Compliance
PCA holds ethics, integrity and lawful conduct as essentials. To ensure that our high 
standards are upheld, we require salaried and supervisory employees to participate  
in and complete periodic online education on topics such as antitrust laws, protecting  
confidential information and intellectual property, conflicts of interest, financial 
integrity and fraud, insider trading, sexual harassment, and employment law. We also 
conduct in-person training for sexual harassment. In total, 7,473 hours of ethics and 
compliance training were completed in 2020.
Fiber Sustainability 
As part of our fiber sustainability and chain of custody program, we provide annual 
training to a large population of PCA employees. Content varies between woodlands 
and mill staff and those at our packaging plants, and the depth varies by job function. 
We also prepare internal auditors to ensure each location maintains conformance to the 
standards. We provide a mix of on-demand content as well as live webinars. Records  
for salaried employees are maintained centrally, and hourly records are retained locally. 
In 2020 we reached over 9,500 employees for a total of 2,200 hours completed.
7 Assuming three minutes per training video and test question.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
20
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeopleEmployment
8 See our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for additional information.
9 In 2020 we had 19 part-time employees. We employed 14 people at our design center in Hong Kong and 25 people at our Hexacomb® 
location in Tillsonburg, Ontario.PCA strives to be the employer of choice and works to create a culture where all 
employees are treated with respect and dignity in a “golden rule” work environment.
Employment decisions including hiring, performance appraisals, promotions and dis-
charge are based on an employee’s qualifications, skills and performance without regard 
to race, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, religious creed, sex, sexual orien-
tation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, physical or mental disability, medical 
condition, genetic information, marital or military status, or other characteristics covered 
by Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as amended and other applicable federal and 
state law. PCA will not tolerate discrimination of any employee on such basis.8 
People are critical to how PCA attracts our customers and their business. Consequently, 
people are essential to our success, and we place a high priority on attracting talented and 
engaged employees. Retaining those whom we recruit and develop is paramount as we 
work toward achieving our objectives.
Benefits Provided to Full- Time Employees
Over 99.7% of PCA employees are full time and work in the United States.9 PCA provides 
comprehensive health and welfare benefits to its employees, including participation in 
medical, dental and vision coverage plans, an employee assistance program, wellness 
screenings, flexible spending accounts, basic and supplemental life/AD&D insurance,  
disability coverage and paid vacation. PCA provides medical and parental leave in  
accordance with U.S. laws. Examples of benefits include:
Health Care: The following plans are offered to salaried and hourly employees:
• Medical Plans  and prescription plans with different employee cost and benefit levels 
that meet the varying needs of our employees. 
• Dental  coverage designed to place emphasis on preventive treatment, while providing 
assistance on more serious conditions.
• Vision  coverage that provides discounts on glasses and contact lenses, in addition to 
providing coverage for routine eye exams.
• Flexible Spending Accounts  that allow employees to use tax-free dollars to pay for 
eligible out-of-pocket healthcare or dependent care expenses.
• Health Savings Account  available for those who enroll in the company high-deductible 
medical plan option and offers a tax-free way to save for future healthcare expenses.2020
15,200 
Employees
99.9%
Full-Time
99.7%  
In the U.S.
New Employee Hires
by age, 2020 Employee Turnover
by age, 2020
Tota l Women Men Tota l Women Men
18–24  564 91 473 18–24  406 69 337
25–34  725 93 632 25–34  652 110 542
35–44  448 69 379 35–44  493 84 409
45–54  308 53 255 45–54  382 76 306
55–64  141 25 116 55–64  477 72 405
65+  13 0 13 65+  213 26 187
Grand T otal  2,199   331  1,868 Grand T otal  2,623   437  2,186 
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
21
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeopleEmployee Assistance Program (EAP):  This program is a resource to help employ-
ees with everything from checking off daily tasks, online advice, webinars and up to 
eight free mental health counseling sessions. 
Medical Guidance/Claim Assistance:  Third-party assistance with one-on-one  
support to help make informed decisions about any medical condition. In addition, 
experts can provide support with medical claims and billing issues.
Wellness Screenings:  We have partnered with a third-party healthcare group to  
provide free, quick and confidential preventive health checkups at company location 
sites to eligible employees. 
Disability Coverage: Long-Term Disability (LTD) and Short-Term Disability (STD) 
plans for salaried and hourly employees.
Parental Leave:  Coverage allowed in accordance with the U.S. Family Medical Leave 
Act (FMLA).
Vacation Days and Holidays:  Paid vacation and holidays are made available to all 
full-time employees.
Retirement:  Both salaried and hourly employees are covered by a defined contribution 
plan and/or defined benefit plan. In addition, we have a third-party organization that 
provides advisory services for the defined contribution retirement plan to help save  
for and live in retirement. These services include retirement account evaluations and 
various online investment resources provided at no cost to the employee.
Basic Life Insurance/Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D):  Both life 
insurance and AD&D are provided at a value equivalent to 1.5 times the employee’s 
annual salary. Business travel insurance is also available to many employees that travel 
on behalf of PCA. 
Supplemental Life Insurance/Supplemental AD&D:  Most employees will have 
options to add supplemental life insurance for themselves, spouses and children. In 
addition, most employees will also have an option to add supplemental AD&D for 
themselves or family.
Stock Ownership:  Available as an option in several employee thrift plans, including 
PCA’s primary defined contribution plans.
Pandemic Relief Policy
PCA created a Pandemic Relief Policy (PRP), introduced in April 2020, which was 
in effect until June 30, 2021. The PRP covered employees affected by COVID-19 and 
offered the necessary time off due to a COVID-19 related illness or to take care of a 
family member recovering from COVID-19. The PRP was created and implemented 
following Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidelines and best 
practices. Employees were able to access the policy based on certain qualifying events 
and subject to official diagnosis, exposure and quarantine requirements.
The PRP provided 100% pay replacement for up to 14 days for sick or quarantined 
employees. The policy encouraged hourly production and maintenance employees  
to stay away from work when potentially contagious with the virus. The PRP proved  
to be effective in helping to protect PCA employees during the pandemic. By being 
proactive and allowing employees paid time off, we were able to keep our operations 
running. PCA employees who were impacted by COVID-19 returned back to work 
without a loss of pay or benefits during their absence, quarantine and recovery.The 
Pandemic 
Relief Policy 
was used 
by 5,250 
employees 
for a total 
of 45,900 
days away 
from work.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
22
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeopleJob Stability During COVID-19
There has been high demand for corrugated products throughout the pandemic, which 
still remains. Due to this increase in demand, PCA has offered more overtime hours 
across our system of box plants. The majority of PCA’s locations are unionized, subject  
to collective bargaining agreements covering employees’ wages and hours. Overtime 
hours are subject to seniority and are considered desirable to more junior employees. 
PCA did not implement furloughs or any other forms of pay suspension. PCA employ-
ees were not asked or directed to take unpaid or voluntary leave. Those employees who 
needed time off due to their personal illness or to take care of a family member related to 
COVID-19 were covered by the Pandemic Relief Policy that was created to offer a bridge 
between the first day of the illness and the start of the short-term disability benefits.
PCA offers its employees the flexibility of adjusting their work schedules whenever feasi-
ble and based on the business needs due to personal circumstances related to COVID-19.
Work-From-Home for Non-Essential Workers
PCA allows certain non-essential employees the flexibility to perform their duties remotely.
Jackson Mill T emporary Shutdown
The drastic decline in demand for white paper in 2020 led to the temporary shutdown of 
the main operations at the Jackson mill. PCA temporarily idled two paper machines and 
the sheet-converting operation for several months, resulting in the layoff of approximately 
400 employees.
PCA paid full salaries to all laid-off employees for the first two months and then offered 
them the choice of drawing unemployment benefits or working at the mill to perform 
machine maintenance and deep cleaning. Simultaneously, PCA launched a three-year, 
$440-million project to permanently convert No. 3 uncoated freesheet (UFS) paper 
machine to produce linerboard used for corrugated packaging.
After three months, PCA recalled all laid-off employees and began serving customers with 
the No. 1 paper machine dedicated to the white paper products while implementing stage 
one of the three-year conversion project. 
Compensation During COVID-19
PCA did not implement any pay reductions related to COVID-19. We continued paying 
gainshare bonuses to all qualified hourly employees and scheduled annual bonuses  
to salaried employees. PCA bonus plans are incentives beyond the annual salary for 
reaching certain predetermined goals. The purpose of these bonus plans is to provide 
recognition and appreciation to the employees for going above and beyond their normal 
work obligations.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
23
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeopleCollege Recruitment 
PCA is making a focused investment in attracting and employing people with the right 
skills and expertise to build on our strong foundation of employee excellence. We recruit 
at numerous colleges and universities around the country, including:
New Careers Microsite
PCA launched a new careers microsite with a series of employment branding videos. This 
microsite showcases the PCA brand by highlighting the success of the organization and 
our offerings through storytelling, clean functionality and intuitive user flow. 
The goals were to create a modern and engaging site focused on improving the candidate 
experience and to increase brand awareness through videos showcasing the heart of PCA — 
our people — as well as the caring culture and growth opportunities that encourage them 
to thrive. The employment branding videos feature employees who demonstrate PCA’s 
values, articulating what differentiates us from other companies and why right-fit candi-
dates should choose PCA. 
Bringing this microsite to fruition required engagement with several stakeholders includ-
ing executive sponsors, a steering committee, current employees and developers. State College/University
AL Auburn University
University of Alabama
University of South Alabama
CA California Polytechnic State University
FL Florida State University
University of Florida
GA Georgia Institute of T echnology
Kennesaw State University
University of Georgia
Valdosta State University
ID University of Idaho
IL College of Lake County
DePaul University
Loyola University
Northern Illinois University
Northwestern University
University of Illinois at Chicago
University of Illinois
IN Purdue University
LA Louisiana State University
Louisiana T ech University
McNeese State University
University of Louisiana
ME University of Maine
MI Ferris State University
Michigan State University
Michigan T echnology University
Western Michigan UniversityState College/University
MN Iron Range Engineering
University of Minnesota – Duluth
University of Minnesota – Twin Cities
MS Mississippi State University
NC North Carolina State University
ND University of North Dakota
NY Rochester Institute of T echnology
OH Miami University
SC Clemson University
TX Lamar University
T exas A&M University
University of T exas – Tyler
VA Virginia Polytechnic Institute and  
State University
WA Central Washington University
Eastern Washington University
University of Washington
Washington State University – Tri-Cities
Washington State University
WI University of Wisconsin – Eau Claire
University of Wisconsin – Platteville
University of Wisconsin – Stevens Point
University of Wisconsin – Stout
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
24
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeopleLabor Relations
PCA ’s Labor Relations department supports our operations in employing a best-in-
class workforce by ensuring our hourly employees are compensated at a fair market 
rate and are provided with competitive benefits. 
Communication Mechanisms
We provide multiple avenues for our employees to voice concerns or complaints so they 
may be addressed appropriately. Employees may contact a local supervisor or manager, 
their designated human resources (HR) representative, or our Vice President of Labor 
Relations directly if there is a Title VII concern. We also have a 24 hours per day, 7 days 
per week ethics hotline should employees wish to remain anonymous. Many of our loca-
tions are unionized, and every labor contract has a grievance clause.
For our packaging plants, we employ a team of HR professionals who support areas that 
constitute multiple local management teams. Because of the size of the operation, each of 
our mills has at least one dedicated HR professional. In all cases, these professionals aim 
to resolve problems at the source, engaging directly with whomever may have a grievance 
and working diligently to reach a resolution.
Changes in Operations
Operational changes within PCA facilities are addressed in accordance with any collective 
bargaining agreements that are in place at that time for that location. These include:
Work Week and Work Start Times 
Union labor contracts set the start of a work week and the normal work shift schedule.
Shift Schedule Changes
Employees seeking to select or change their work shifts may be allowed to do so based 
on collective bargaining agreements.
Weekend Overtime
Union labor contracts require an advance notice to employees scheduled.
Elimination of a Shift or Jobs 
Bumping rights based on seniority and ability of affected employees may be allowed in 
union labor contracts.
PCA complies with U.S. law and, under the WARN Act, a 60-day advance notice is provided 
of any plant closings that are intended to be permanent and involve 50 employees or more. 
We also provide similar notice for any plant closures not covered by the WARN Act.
Overtime Reduction Initiative
As a result of our biennial employee engagement survey, PCA partnered with the United 
Steelworkers (USW) to launch a pilot program in 2017 to reduce the overtime rate at the 
26 plants whose hourly associates are members of their union. We began by providing 
USW with robust data on absenteeism, turnover and overtime. Working collaboratively 
with the USW, we identified new ways to achieve the productivity necessary to meet the 
needs of our customers without having to work excessive hours. Collectively these plants 
reduced their overtime by 4.4% between 2017 and 2020.
In 2020, overtime at these facilities increased 2.5% year over year after realizing a 9% 
decrease from 2017 to 2019. The COVID pandemic brought on challenges including 
increased absenteeism and pent-up demand for corrugated products due to business  
lockdowns, which had a direct impact on working hours. Without the pandemic, we 
would not have anticipated an increase in overtime year over year. However, given  
the circumstances, we believe our operations rose to the challenge and effectively  
managed overtime.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
25
2020 PCA Responsibility Report peoplepeopleDiversity, Equity and Inclusion
10 PCA has long held an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy that all salaried employees are required to affirm 
adherence to each year.
11 Nominating and Governance Committee CharterPCA employees are encouraged to do the right things for each other and foster 
a culture of caring and inclusivity. We embrace the fact that every person brings 
unique perspectives and experiences, which help PCA to work collaboratively to 
deliver exceptional customer experiences and position us as a market leader.
We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer.10 
We strive to be an employer of choice and are establishing a Diversity, Equity and  
Inclusion Council to hone our strategy, create a roadmap for inclusive leadership and  
set goals for the organization. Key focus areas of this council will also include talent 
acquisition and development, community engagement and cultural alignment.
As an ideas and solutions company, we believe it is essential to hire and promote diverse 
candidates and employees. This begins with employee engagement — as well as enhancing 
our leaders’ skills in empathy, listening and interpersonal communication — and providing 
education and training to avoid unconscious bias. We succeed through our people, who 
are highly engaged and results-oriented, operating in an entrepreneurial culture.
Diversity of Governance Bodies and Employees
PCA’s Board of Directors has adopted a policy under which it will actively seek out 
qualified diverse candidates for consideration when seeking new directors.11 
Employee Population
PCA is committed to developing, promoting and maintaining 
a culture and environment of respect and inclusion. 
Data presented for calendar year 2020,  
as of 12/31/20Women Men Legend:
Women16.4%65+
55 – 64
45 – 54
35 – 44
25 – 34
18 – 240.4%
4.2%2.4%
19.0%
4.7% 20.7%
3.3% 17.9%
3.0% 18.1%
0.8% 5.5%
Board Members Women Men
Over 50 years old 2 9
Executive Officers Women Men
30–50 years old — 2
Over 50 years old 1 8
Officers Women Men
30–50 years old 2 4
Over 50 years old 5 192017 2018 2019 2020
Board
Members
Executive 
Officers
Officers9% 9%17%18%
0% 0%10% 9%
20%
17%
13%23%Percent of Board Members, Executive 
Officers and Officers Who Are Women
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
Climate Change
Energy
Emissions
Raw Material Sourcing
Biodiversity
Water and Effluents
Waste
Procurement PracticesThe cornerstone of our business is the strong relationship between our customers 
and our people. The first step in building strong relationships is listening. We realize 
that the key to offering responsive customer service is never taking our customers for 
granted, so we actively seek to improve our understanding of their business and how 
we can support their growth with our products and services. We do what’s right for 
our customers, not what’s easy. Our simple rule at PCA is: We do the “hard to do.”
For this key stakeholder group, our assessment gauged significance by the number  
of customers who are managing a particular topic because it is material to their 
business. We conducted research on 45 of our largest customers by analyzing public 
information related to sustainability and social responsibility.
We found that our customers are concerned about climate change. Many are 
putting forth significant efforts to reduce their impact in their own operations,  
and they are seeking to influence their suppliers to do the same. They also care 
significantly about the sustainability of the products we provide. We’ve known for 
decades that it’s not just about the materials we use, but how we source them and 
from where. Our customers want to know that materials in their value chain were 
procured responsibly and sustainably with minimal impact to the environment  
and society. 
T opics in this section are reported in order of significance in the eyes of our customers, 
because if something is important to them, it is important to us. At PCA we put the 
customer at the top of the organizational chart. We work to ensure that the “voice of 
the customer” resonates through all of PCA ’s operations.
customers
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
27
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersClimate Change
12 WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2021.pdf (weforum.org)
13 Five_year_report_2015–2019_0.pdf (ane4bf-datap1.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com)
14 climate.nasa.gov
15 Certain add-ons to our products like wax or other coatings, and certain applications with direct product contact where residues are left 
behind may render a package to not be recyclable.Many of our stakeholders consider climate change to be the most pressing long-term 
issue facing our planet. “Climate action failure” has been consistently perceived as a 
top risk in both likelihood and impact by respondents of the Global Risks Perception 
Survey, presented annually in The World Economic Forum’s Global Risks Report.12 
According to the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO), climate change is 
accelerating: The years 2015–2019 was the warmest five-year period since 1981, 
ocean acidification is increasing, oceans are getting warmer, sea levels are con-
tinuing to rise and sea ice continues to melt.13 The National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration (NASA) supports these findings and provides accessible resources  
to monitor the impacts and science of climate change through their website.14
The data is compelling, and many of our customers have recognized the urgency by 
setting goals to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. Some have set contextual or 
science-based targets for 2030 and beyond. Despite the pessimistic outlook often  
presented about our climate, we believe PCA is well positioned to continue to demon-
strate our resilience in the face of any major global event. This is primarily due to the  
will and exceptional abilities of our people, the substantial investments we have already 
made in reducing our environmental impact, our agility and responsiveness in the  
marketplace and our conservative financial approach. PCA is uniquely positioned to  
serve our customers today and well into the future. 
Climate and Other Related Risks and Opportunities
PCA’s strategy to develop packaging solutions from renewable resources that are manufac-
tured predominantly with renewable energy and are recyclable at end-of-life is a trifecta 
for sustainability. With 100% of our fiber coming from renewable sources, greater  
than 60% of our energy from carbon-neutral sources and the corrugated recycling rate 
regularly exceeding 90% in the U.S., we are proud of what we have achieved to date.  
But we recognize that we need to continue to make progress. Our Sustainability team 
monitors developments in technology, the scientific community’s understanding of 
climate change, economic conditions, and consumer perceptions and behavior to under -
stand emerging risks and opportunities for our company related to climate change.
Recyclable and Renewable Packaging
Most major consumer packaged goods (CPG) companies have stated goals to source 
more sustainable packaging in response to concerns such as ocean plastic and litter and 
a desire to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in their supply chains. While the definition 
of “sustainable packaging” may vary from company to company, wood fiber used in 
our boxes is both recyclable15 and renewable by every definition. Corrugated packaging 
works to protect the investments of our customers in the manufacture and transport of 
their products, both economically and environmentally, as they are distributed around 
the world. 
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
28
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersWorkability
The primary and most likely effect of climate change is extreme weather events, includ-
ing extreme heat and humidity. In certain parts of the world, this is likely to cause 
reductions in working hours. Projections based on RCP8.5,16 which predicts average 
global warming of 2.3°C by 2050, indicate it is unlikely for extreme heat and humidity 
to pose any greater threat to working hours in 2030 than they do today in our areas of 
operation. The primary activity evaluated for impact was harvesting activity occurring 
in the U.S. Southeast, Midwest and Pacific Northwest, where our mills are located.
Land Use Changes Due to Sprawl
U.S. forests have been a net sink for carbon since at least 1990, offsetting roughly 9%  
of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions as of 2016.17 In the United States, land development 
outpaces population growth of urban areas. This phenomenon, known as urban/sub-
urban sprawl, is a leading cause of deforestation in the U.S. and is prevalent across the 
nation as families seek larger, more affordable homes farther from city centers. This 
causes net additions of greenhouse gases due to greater use of automobiles by residents 
and less forest and prairie lands to sequester carbon, among other factors.
Sprawl causes fragmentation of natural landscapes, which results in both ecological 
and economic impacts. For PCA, sprawl present in our supply areas could cause longer 
hauling times for wood, either due to distance or traffic, and could result in net addi-
tions of greenhouse gas emissions from transportation. 
Competition From the Wood Pellet Industry
Many nations are attempting to reduce their carbon footprint in response to climate 
change. The UK, Belgium and others are turning to U.S. forests for wood pellets, which 
are combusted for bioenergy and used in place of higher-emitting fuels. As this sector 
increases their pulpwood consumption footprint in the U.S. Southeast, it could impact 
wood cost.
Extreme Weather Events
Extreme weather events like hurricanes, tornadoes, derechos, floods and winter storms 
have caused disruptions to businesses both directly and indirectly in recent history. 
As the planet warms, the frequency and intensity of these events are likely to increase. 
Certain weather events may cause damage to our facilities and require us to temporarily 
halt operations. These types of events may also disrupt our suppliers’ operations and 
their ability to transport materials to our facilities. Disruptions to the supply chain may 
cause the cost of goods to temporarily increase. Damage to our facilities may cause 
insurance premiums to increase and also require us to incur additional costs to mitigate 
future risks. 
All of our grades of containerboard and white paper can be produced at multiple mills 
in case of temporary outages, and all of our corrugated facilities have plans in place  
to leverage our network of box plants in case of an emergency. This ensures that we  
can continue to supply our customers with products. However, for both paper and  
corrugated products, this may also increase costs due to differences in capabilities  
of facilities and increased transportation distances.
16 RCP8.5 is a Representative Concentration Pathway used to model the effects of greenhouse gases on the earth’s climate. It is considered a 
worst-case or high emission scenario.
17 https://www.epa.gov/ghgemissions/inventory-us-greenhouse-gas-emissions-and-sinks-1990–2016
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
29
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersCarbon Neutrality T eam
PCA has established a Carbon Neutrality Team (“the Team”) responsible for developing 
and implementing our strategy to become a carbon-neutral company. In the interim,  
this team will lead PCA in support of the AF&PA 2030 goal to reduce total scope 1 and 2 
emissions intensity by 50% from a 2005 baseline.
We have been reporting our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through the CDP Climate 
Change Questionnaire and through our Responsibility Report since 2018, and we have 
well-established processes for compiling our GHG emissions inventory. The Team is 
responsible for:
• Educating PCA management and expanding awareness at each of our mills by  
designating a site Carbon Neutrality Lead.
• Developing CO 2 emissions models for each of our mills. 
• Identifying easily achievable short-term projects to lower emissions.
• Evaluating our capital processes to promote carbon consideration for all  
future projects.
• Creating targets for carbon reduction and establishing long-term goals.
• Communicating results to stakeholders.
The Team is cross-functional and includes members from technology, operational,  
sustainability and environmental roles. The Team is sponsored by PCA’s Senior Vice  
President — Corporate Engineering and Process Technology, who is responsible for  
communicating our progress to our Board of Directors.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
30
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersEnergy
18 Packaging plants account for less than 5% of our total energy consumption — they predominantly utilize purchased electricity and natural 
gas. Our full-line plant boilers combust natural gas to produce and supply steam to corrugators as well as for building heat.Improving energy efficiency and expanding our use of renewable sources is the 
central component of our sustainable energy strategy. Much of our focus has been 
on utilizing biofuels, which are byproducts of our manufacturing process, predom-
inantly wood waste (bark) and black liquor solids. We also purchase supplemental 
fuels, some of which are also carbon neutral.
Mill energy usage is tracked and compared to internal and external benchmarks on a  
routine basis. Energy benchmarks for individual unit processes within a mill are tracked 
and compared with historical usage and targets. Energy usage is discussed in daily pro-
duction meetings, and systems are in place for operators and managers to evaluate usage 
and pricing data in real time. Decisions can then be made on how to operate our mills 
most efficiently and economically based on current energy information.18
Combined Heat and Power (CHP) and Self-Generated Electricity
The majority of our mills utilize CHP processes wherein high-pressure steam is routed 
to steam turbines to generate electricity on-site. Subsequently, exhaust steam from 
the turbines is utilized for both pulping and papermaking processes. Two of our mills, 
Tomahawk, Wisconsin, and International Falls, Minnesota, also self-produce and utilize 
hydroelectricity.
Energy Reduction
Through significant strategic investments, our mills have improved their energy efficiency 
by replacing fixed speed with variable speed electrical drives. Over the past decade, 
several PCA mills have increased capacity for biogenic fuel types and replaced coal with 
lower-emitting fuels like natural gas.
Energy Modeling
All PCA mills have a computer model of their energy system, which is used to identify 
energy reduction opportunities. Multiple smaller capital projects are identified by the 
model and executed each year at all mills. When any capital project is identified, the model 
is used to determine the optimum energy balance for the new installation and to quantify 
the benefit of the project after it is installed. Mill and corporate personnel work together 
so that opportunities identified at one mill may be quickly implemented at other mills.0%10%20%30%40%50%60%70%80%90%100%
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020Biofuels (self-produced)Biofuels (purchased)CoalNatural GasOther Fossil Fuels
Fossil Fuel RenewableMill Energy by Fuel Type
PCA mills predominantly use biogenic fuels 
to power stationary equipment.
Additionally, we invested in our mill system 
to combust lower-emitting fossil fuels like 
natural gas in place of coal.
In 2009 coal made up 16% of mill direct 
energy, compared with 0% in 2020.
Note: DeRidder and Wallula mills data included as of 2015, 
Jackson and International Falls mills as of 2016.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
31
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersExamples of Capital Investment in Energy Improvements
T omahawk 
We built an enclosure over the wastewater treatment lagoon at our Tomahawk  
medium mill to facilitate the capture of methane gas, which is used as fuel for our boil-
ers, while reducing greenhouse gas emissions. This generates an average 108,500 GJ of 
biogenic, carbon-neutral energy per year, which is enough to power 2,745 U.S. homes.19
International Falls 
We installed a turbine generator that increased our rate of electrical self-generation  
by 595,000 GJ of energy per year. This is the equivalent electrical consumption of 
15,120 homes — or five times the number of households in the entire city of  
International Falls.
Counce and Valdosta 
We upgraded our recovery boiler and turbine generator assets to increase the use of 
internally generated wood waste and black liquor as energy sources to increase our 
capacity to self-generate electricity. These projects substantially increased energy effi-
ciency. This investment added approximately 3 million GJ of biogenic, carbon-neutral 
energy to our portfolio, which enables the mills to reduce consumption of fossil fuels.20 
It would require over 2,800 acres (or 4.4 square miles) of solar panels to generate this 
same level of renewable power.21
Filer City
We recently installed a bubbling fluidized bed boiler to combust wood waste  
(previously shipped off-site) and other fuel types. This investment added 888,000 GJ  
of biogenic, carbon-neutral energy, and it allows the mill to reduce consumption of  
fossil fuels. Also, 10% of the boiler’s fuel supply comes from used passenger vehicle 
tires. For every full year of operation, over 790,000 tires will be converted into  
recovered, useful energy. 
Energy Consumption 
Within and Outside of the Organization (million GJ)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Renewable Fuel 73.1 72.9 73.3 72.6* 70.8
Non-Renewable Fuel 30.4 27.8 30.6 32.6 29.9
Electricity and Steam 9.4 9.0 9.7 9.8 9.4
Hydroelectricity 0.3 0.4 0.3 0.3 0.3
T otal 113.2 110.1 113.9 115.3 110.4
*Energy from renewable fuel was underreported in 2019 by 2.02 million GJ, or 1.7% of the revised total.
64% 17%41%
Carbon-Neutral Self-Generated17%97%
Natural GasAll Energy Electric Power Fossil Fuel
19 Based on U.S. EIA 2018 average annual electricity consumption of 10,972 kWh.
20 Based on the difference in average energy production from biogenic fuels before the project (2005–2011), and since the project (2012–2019).
21 2013 National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) report, based on Large PV generation-weighted average land use, 3.4 acres/GWh/yr.Energy 
Performance 
Metrics
All locations, 2020
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
32
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersEmissions
22 Greenhouse gas emissions from company-owned landfills are reported on a one-year lag due to the complex nature of the calculation  
and the length of time required for data aggregation necessary for computation.
23 In 2018, we began tracking emissions for our regional, in-house trucking fleet, our corporate headquarters and our technical center.  
In 2020 we began tracking emissions for our supply services and fulfillment centers.PCA is one of the largest producers of containerboard, corrugated packaging prod-
ucts and business paper in the United States. The scale of our production requires 
significant amounts of energy and resources. Much of these energy requirements  
are at our pulping and papermaking operations. These needs are met in large part 
via electric and steam self-generation and leveraging combustion of renewable, 
current-carbon, biogenic fuels. While doing so creates greenhouse gas emissions, 
the majority are reported as biogenic CO 2 production and accordingly do not 
contribute to PCA ’s carbon footprint. However, combustion of biomass does result 
in net additions of methane and nitrous oxide to the atmosphere. Emissions of these 
pollutants are included as part of our scope 1 emissions.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Inventory and Accounting
Today we track all direct (scope 1),22 indirect (scope 2) and the vast majority of appli-
cable other indirect (scope 3) emissions at our mills and packaging plants for which we 
have operational control.23 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
Direct, Indirect and Other Indirect (million metric tons CO 2e)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Scope 1 1.94 1.84 1.94 2.03 1.75
Scope 2 (location-based) 1.38 1.34 1.28 1.22 1.08
Scope 2 (market-based) - - - - 1.36
Scope 3 - - 1.10 1.16 1.04
Total (location-based) 3.32 3.18 4.32 4.41 3.87
Total (market-based) - - - - 4.15
Biogenic CO 2 6.54 6.52 6.55 6.47 6.33
Notes: We are restating our biogenic CO 2 emission from 2019, which was underreported by 180,000 metric tons CO 2e. We are restating our 
scope 3 emissions for 2018 and 2019, which were underrepored by 100,000 metric tons and 150,000 metric tons, respectively. This was due 
to a unit of measure error in one of our scope 3, category 1 sources. •  In 2020 PCA had 1,067 metric tons CO 2e emissions from unrecovered 
refrigerant. (Refrigerants included: HFC-32, HFC-134a, HFC143a, and HFC-227ea). •  Reductions in scope 1 + 2 emissions year over year were 
due to the idling of our Jackson mill from May–Sept 2020. 
We compile our greenhouse gas inventory following the World Resources Institute and 
World Business Council for Sustainable Development Greenhouse Gas Protocol for 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting with the help of Schneider Electric’s sustainability 
data management platform, Resource Advisor™, which we have utilized since 2013. In 
2018, we moved to full implementation of invoice collection and data scraping at all of 
our packaging plants. In 2019, we added our containerboard mills and, in 2020, we added 
our white paper mills, supply services facilities and fulfillment centers. We utilize invoice 
data for electric power, natural gas, propane and solid waste disposal, in addition to other 
minor sources contributing to our footprint. Where invoice data was not readily available, 
manually reported data was applied, and estimations were made for the small percentage 
of remaining gaps based on consumption patterns within a plant or of like plants.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
33
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersGlobal Warming Potential 
For our 2020 inventory, we began using the most recent Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change (IPCC) Assessment Report, AR5. Changes in global warming potential 
include from 25 to 28 for methane (CH 4), and from 298 to 265 for nitrous oxide (N 2O). 
By pollutant, CO 2 accounts for 99% of our greenhouse gas emissions, and therefore the 
change has an insignificant impact on our inventory. All data prior to 2020 was reported 
using AR4 GWP and was not recalculated. We continue to use a 100-year time horizon.
Scope 2 Market-Based
This is the first year we are reporting a scope 2 market-based inventory in addition to  
our location-based inventory. Our inventory includes market-based emission factors for 
all of our mills, which are our largest purchasers of electricity from the grid. We are 
currently unable to procure emission factors for several of our converting facilities in 
smaller energy markets. For locations without a market-based emission factor, their 
location-based factor was used. Less than 5% of our total scope 2 market-based  
emissions by volume used a location-based factor.
Scope 3 Inventory
In 2019, we made significant strides to expand our scope 3 inventory. Our inventory 
includes the following upstream categories: purchased goods and services, capital goods, 
fuel- and energy-related activities, upstream transportation and distribution, waste 
generated in operations, business travel and employee commuting. It also includes 
downstream transportation and distribution. 
45% % of total 33%Scope 1All Containerboard Mills
8%White Paper Mills
Downstream Upstream4%Packaging & Other
All
AllContainerboard Mills White Paper Mills Packaging & Other
28%% of total
(location-based) 20%Scope 2
4% 4%
27%% of total 23%Scope 3
4%Breakdown of Greenhouse Gas Emissions by Scope, Location Type/Classification
2020
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
34
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersLife Cycle Assessment (LCA) of Products
For both our corrugated and paper products, we provide data to our trade associations to 
conduct life cycle assessments for the entire industry. The most recent LCA for corru-
gated products was published in 2017 (using 2014 data). The industry average corrugated 
product had a global warming potential of 0.533 kg CO 2e per kilogram of corrugated.24 
The most recent LCA for printing and writing paper products was published in 2010 
(using 2006/2007 data). The industry average ream of office paper had a global warming 
potential of 4.25 kg CO 2e per ream.25
Air Emissions 
We calculated nitrogen oxides (NO x), sulfur dioxide (SO 2) and Particulate Matter 10 
(PM 10) based on emission factors derived from stack testing and/or from our Continuous 
Emissions Monitoring Systems (CEMS). These factors are used to calculate our emis-
sions based on the type and volume of fuel we combust and the efficiency of our control 
equipment. Due to our increased use of natural gas in favor of coal, our power boiler SO 2 
emissions have decreased by more than 99% in the past decade.
 Air Emissions
Mills (thousand metric tons) 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Nitrogen Oxides (NO x) 6.7 6.4 6.4 6.6 6.0
Sulphur Dioxide (SO 2) 1.9 2.0 1.4 1.5 2.1
Particulate Matter 10 (PM 10) - - - 1.6 1.0
Note: 2019 was our first year reporting Particulate Matter 10.
24 Using the flow accounting approach. For an executive summary of the 2017 corrugated LCA, please visit corrugated.org.
25 Using the flow accounting approach. For an executive summary of the 2010 printing and writing paper product LCA, please visit afandpa.org.Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity 
2020 (metric tons CO 2e/ton of product)
Containerboard  
ManufacturingContainerboard  
TransportationCorrugated  
Manufacturing*Corrugated  
TransportationWhite Paper
Manufacture of
containerboard (scope  
1 + 2 of containerboard
mills/ton of
containerboard)Transportation by truck and
rail from containerboard mills
to converting facilities (scope 3
containerboard transporta-
tion/ton of containerboard)Combining and converting
of containerboard into
corrugated product (scope  
1 + 2 of full-line operations/
ton of corrugated product)Transportation by truck
from converting facilities  
to customer locations  
(scope 3 corrugated  
transportation/ton of 
corrugated product)Manufacture and
converting of white
paper products
(scope 1 + 2 of white
paper mills/ton of
uncoated freesheet)
0.47 0.02 0.11 0.02 0.70
* Intensity figure based on PCA full-line operations only, to include both combining and converting.
Notes: Reporting of containerboard/corrugated is split into distinct parts to provide our customers with ultimate flexibility depending on whom they would 
like to compare PCA products with, as well as considering transportation where our accounting may overlap in scope 3. •  Scope 2 location-based inventory 
was used for all reported intensities.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
35
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersRaw Material Sourcing
26 https://www.packagingcorp.com/addendum-for-wood-fiber-goodsWood fiber is a renewable resource and the essential material used to make our 
products. PCA ’s mill system utilizes both first-use (virgin) fiber and recycled content. 
First-use fiber is sourced almost exclusively from the United States, with less than 
one percent sourced from Canada (Ontario and Manitoba) by our International 
Falls white paper mill. Our white paper mills also source a small amount of market 
pulp. In 2020, we sourced approximately 4,000 tons of PEFC-certified virgin 
eucalyptus pulp from Brazil at our Jackson, Alabama, mill due to impacts from the 
COVID-19 pandemic. We procure wood from timberland, both private and public, 
in the form of roundwood and in-field chips. We also procure residuals from sawmills 
in the form of chips and sawdust.
Responsible and sustainable procurement of fiber is both a key policy and principle at 
PCA. PCA’s commitment to practicing and supporting sustainable forestry and responsi-
ble wood fiber procurement is communicated both internally and externally. Internally, 
our Sustainable Forestry Policy is required to be posted at all manufacturing sites as part 
of our certification program, and it is also readily available on our company intranet. 
Externally, all PCA-approved wood suppliers receive our policy through an annual cor -
respondence. Prior to delivery, we make sure that suppliers are adequately insured and 
incorporated and are able to meet our terms. Once approved and a purchase order has 
been submitted, PCA woodlands managers and foresters verify the accuracy of the infor -
mation. Our wood management system tracks and catalogs details of our wood and fiber 
sourcing, including county of origin. PCA’s policy is incorporated by reference in our 
Terms and Conditions for the Purchase of Wood Fiber Goods in every transaction and is 
available on our website.26
Sources of Wood Fiber 
(thousand tons)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
First-Use Fiber (green tons) 14,234 14,439 14,668 15,021 13,933 
 PEFC Certified 26% 27% 26% 26% 28%
 FSC Certified 3% 5% 4% 4% 5%
 FSC Controlled Wood 19% 19% 70% 70% 67%
Recycled Content 967 1,013 1,083 1,053 994 
Market Pulp 4 5 4 6 18 
Note: All data in thousands of air-dried short tons, except for first-use fiber, which is reported as thousands of green short tons.76% 17%55% 86%Percentage of Directly 
Sourced First-Use Fiber 
From Private LandownersPercentage of First-Use 
Fiber From Roundwood 
and In-Field ChipsPercentage of Recycled 
Content Classified as  
Post-Consumer
All PCA Mills
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
36
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersOur packaging plants source containerboard (linerboard and corrugating medium) and 
corrugated sheets. The majority of our containerboard comes from PCA mills or trade 
partners. To ensure that our containerboard and sheets come from non-controversial 
sources, all containerboard sourcing is controlled centrally by PCA’s Containerboard 
Sales department (CBS). Sheet purchases are only allowed from CBS-approved vendors. 
All suppliers are evaluated as part of our due diligence system and risk assessment.
Due Diligence System and Risk Assessment
PCA uses a due diligence system in conformance with the Sustainable Forestry Initiative® 
(SFI) and Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC)27 standards  
to avoid controversial sources in our supply chain. Each year we evaluate the contiguous 
United States and Canada for all of our operations that source wood fiber. Additionally,  
all of our mills have successfully audited to the Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®)28 
U.S. Controlled Wood National Risk Assessment (NRA) and FSC Canada Controlled 
Wood NRA.29 These efforts help ensure that we avoid sourcing conflict timber or  
otherwise illegally harvested wood, genetically modified forest-based organisms, species 
that are included in Appendices I to III of the Convention on International Trade in 
Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) and wood from land converted  
to other vegetation types. 
We evaluate our sources at both the origin (country) level and supply chain level, as well 
as the effectiveness of social laws. The U.S. and Canada both have effective social laws, 
relatively strong law enforcement and low levels of corruption. For these reasons, our 
2020 assessment determined there is negligible/low risk that PCA supplies originate from 
controversial sources. The FSC U.S. NRA identified 11 mapped areas of specified risk for 
high conservation values within PCA’s supply area. More details on our mitigation options 
and conservation partners that we selected are provided in the Biodiversity section of  
this report.
Zero Deforestation
PCA sources the majority of first-use fiber from private 
landowners, which is consistent with the broader forest 
products industry. This is important because healthy 
end markets for timber are part of what keeps these 
lands forested. Without appropriate economic incentives 
like timber grown for harvest, landowners may elect 
to convert to different land uses such as human food 
agriculture and livestock, which are the leading causes of 
deforestation globally.30 Additionally, PCA takes steps to 
mitigate risks when sourcing from specified counties that 
have a higher risk of conversion due to urbanization.
Deforestation is a significant issue in many parts of the 
world. Between 1992 and 2016, the world lost roughly 
327 million acres of forestland. Conversely, during the same time period, the United 
States added 19.3 million acres of forestland. According to the U.S. Department of  
Agriculture, between 1953 and 2017, the amount of standing timber increased by 60%.31
27 (PEFC/29-31-222) (PEFC/31-29-09)
28 (FSC-C139165) (FSC-C020415)
29 Only applicable to our International Falls, Minnesota, mill.
30 http://www.fao.org/state-of-forests/en/
31 U.S. Department of Agriculture, Forest Resources of the United States, 2017 (2019)  
https://www.fs.fed.us/research/publications/gtr/gtr_wo97 .pdf T able 31 page 1640.960.970.980.991.001.011.021.03
1992
1994
1996
1998
2000
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016PCA does not sourcePCA sourcesUnited States
Rest of WorldForest Area (% of Land Coverage)
Index, 1992=1
Source: World Bank
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
37
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersCertification 
PCA has a fiber procurement program for all mills in compliance with the 
Sustainable Forestry Initiative® (SFI) 2015–2019 Standard Require-
ments, the Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®)32 and the Programme for 
the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC).33 We also recognize the 
American Tree Farm System® (ATFS) individual and group certifications. 
Our program ensures compliance with the certification standards and 
follows all applicable laws and regulations.
All of our mills are certified to SFI®, PEFC and FSC chain of custody 
standards. All of our corrugated plants are certified to SFI and PEFC 
chain of custody standards. Our full-line packaging plants are also 
certified to the FSC chain of custody standard. At minimum, all PCA 
packaging plants are certified to SFI Certified Sourcing, including our 
Hexacomb® facilities.
Certified Product Sold
(thousand tons)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Corrugated
 PEFC 1 7.1 61.8 167 .3 174.9 206.3
White Paper
 FSC 61.4 95.2 126.6 116.5 72.2
 PEFC 32.1 36.7 48.1 33.5 2 7.1
Total 110.6 193.7 342 324.9 305.6
Note: Corrugated output is measured in MSF and was converted to tons for reporting this metric in a common unit of measure for  
both segments.
32 (FSC-C139165) (FSCC020415)
33 (PEFC/29-31-222) (PEFC/31-29-09)History of Certification
2005 
PCA white paper mills certified to  
SFI Fiber Sourcing standard.*
2007 
All of PCA ’s containerboard mills 
and corrugated packaging 
operations certified to SFI’s Fiber 
Sourcing standard, including 
Certified Sourcing. 
PCA white paper mills certified  
to SFI, PEFC and FSC Chain of 
Custody, and FSC Controlled  
Wood standards.*
2010 
PCA ’s containerboard mills certified 
to SFI and PEFC Chain of Custody 
standards.
2011 
PCA ’s entire system of corrugated 
packaging plants certified to SFI 
and PEFC Chain of Custody 
standards.
2018 
PCA ’s containerboard mill system 
certified to FSC Chain of Custody 
and Controlled Wood standards.
PCA ’s entire system of full-line plants 
certified to FSC Chain of Custody 
standard.
2019 
PCA containerboard mill system 
successfully audited to FSC U.S. 
Controlled Wood National Risk 
Assessment.
2020 
PCA white paper mills successfully 
audited to FSC U.S. and Canada 
Controlled Wood National Risk 
Assessments.
* Prior to PCA acquisition of Boise, Inc.  
in October 2013.2803,3832016 2020
Certified
Corrugated
Products12x 
increaseCertified Chain of Custody
(thousand square feet, “MSF”)
PCA offers certified chain of custody 
corrugated products for customers who 
seek a higher level of assured sustainability. 
As an integrated supplier, we are well 
prepared to meet our customers’ growing 
demand for certified product. 
In 2020, we supplied 12 times the certified 
corrugated product we did in 2016. 
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
38
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersRecycling
Corrugated is the most widely recycled packaging material 
on the planet. To promote the recyclability of our prod-
ucts, PCA is a proud user of the Corrugated Recycles symbol 
and encourages our customers to print it on qualified 
products. Since the program was introduced, the recycling 
rate of corrugated has increased from 54.5% in 1993 to 
88.8% in 2020, and it achieved a record of 96% in 2018.34 
Paper has a similar success story. Over the same time 
period, the recycling rate of paper and paperboard rose 
from 38.7% in 1993 to 65.7% in 2020, and it reached a 
record of 68% in 2018. 
By recycling used paper, boxes and scrap from the man-
ufacturing process, the amount of timber required to be 
harvested is reduced. This also serves to prevent green-
house gas emissions from decomposition in a landfill. 
However, there are limits to fiber recycling. Wood fibers 
can only be recycled five to seven times before they 
become too short and brittle to bond any longer. The Fiber Cycle Technical Document 
published by Metafore in 200635 was updated by the National Council for Air and Stream 
Improvement (NCASI) in 2019 with current data. This document provides a model  
that takes into account the finite nature of fiber recycling and how long the cycle could 
continue without adding fresh fiber. Even when the recycled fiber utilization rate is  
maximized, the model shows that without the introduction of first-use fiber the North 
American containerboard supply would be exhausted in 13.5 months, and printing and 
writing grades would be exhausted in 1.5 months. 
A Global System 
Global containerboard capacity was approximately 24% virgin fiber as of 2019. Anticipated 
increases in recycled capacity indicate a decrease in the proportion of first-use fiber to 
21% by 2023.36 First-use fiber utilized in our products is a valuable commodity to improve 
the health of the recycling stream, not only domestically, but also globally. The U.S. is  
one of the few significant contributors of long, softwood fiber to the global container -
board market. Beyond the approximately 29% of domestic recaptured old corrugated 
containers (OCC) exported annually,37 consumer products are exported from the U.S.  
in boxes, which then become part of the importing country’s fiber stream upon recovery. 
This fiber plays an important role in protecting forests in countries with high levels of 
deforestation from pulp and paper production — alleviating stress on forests while those 
nations develop sustainable forest management practices. 
A sustainable fiber stream requires both first-use fiber and recycled content. PCA’s role 
in maintaining this sustainable system is to supply first-use fiber, which is necessary to 
continue to make recovered fiber available and useful. It is also our role to provide end 
markets to growers of timber, so they are provided appropriate economic incentives to 
continue to grow trees that provide important ecosystem services during their lifetime.
34 https://www.paperrecycles.org/statistics/recovery-use-of-old-corrugated-containers-(occ)  
35 https://twosidesna.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/16/2018/05/Metafore_-_The_Fiber_Cycle_T echnical_Document_Summary_Report_2006.pdf
36 Numera Analytics, 2019
37 Net Exports: U.S. Census Bureau 
1.01.11.21.31.41.51.61.71.8
1994
1996
1998
2000
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020Paper & PaperboardCorrugated (OCC)Increases in U.S. Recycling Rates
Index, 1993=1
Source: AF&PA, U.S. Census Bureau
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
39
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersRecycled Content of Finished Paper Product
The recycled content of our finished products is calculated based on the proportion  
of recovered fiber to overall production after taking into account production yield for 
each stream. The average recycled content of our containerboard was 22% in 2020, the 
substantial majority in our corrugating medium. Our white paper division sells products 
under two brand names — ASPEN® and FIREWORX® — that specify a minimum percent -
age of post-consumer recycled content. This information is available through our Office 
Paper Product Finder on the Boise Paper website.38 
Product Stewardship
PCA has a robust product stewardship process to ensure all raw materials used in pro-
ducing, manufacturing, packaging and transporting paper and containerboard products 
comply with the applicable product regulations, including FDA and USDA, along with any 
certifications PCA has made regarding customer requirements. The product stewardship 
process (for product and raw materials qualification) must be followed for all new chem-
icals/ingredients prior to use in PCA’s processes. In addition, PCA utilizes third-party 
testing facilities for its products to test for chemicals of concern on an annual basis.
Elemental Chlorine Free (ECF)
Our white paper mills do not utilize elemental chlorine gas in our bleaching processes. 
In addition, we ensure all virgin pulp suppliers use ECF bleaching. PCA’s self-produced 
containerboard product is unbleached.
Heavy Metals
The Coalition of Northeastern Governors (CONEG) created Model Toxics in Packaging 
Legislation, which has been adopted by 19 U.S. states.39 To ensure conformance, we test 
our paper products on an annual basis to determine that the presence of incidentally 
introduced heavy metals — namely lead, mercury, cadmium and hexavalent chromium — 
does not exceed 100 parts per million. None of these heavy metals are intentionally added 
to our products.
38 http://bph.boisepaper.com/product/
39 https://toxicsinpackaging.org/the-clearinghouse/
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
40
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersBiodiversity
40 The U.S. National Risk Assessment leveraged the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List, NatureServe, USDA Forest 
Service and several state government resources, among others.PCA has worked for decades with many types of landowners, especially family and 
small-scale landowners, providing them long-term sustainable forest management 
applications and education. Sustainably managed North American working forests 
are essential to PCA ’s long-term success. Our responsibility and commitment is 
demonstrated by aligning our fiber sourcing program and practices with rigorous 
forestry, fiber sourcing and chain of custody standards including Sustainable  
Forestry Initiative® (SFI), Programme for Endorsement of Forest Certification 
(PEFC) and Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®). Our program and practices  
are audited annually by respected, independent third-party auditors. 
Potential Impacts to Biodiversity and Ecosystems in North America 
Supporting research and partnering in conservation efforts is essential to the practice of 
responsible fiber procurement and mitigating the known risks on forest ecosystems. We 
partner with the Forest Resources Association, The Nature Conservancy, Forest Stewards 
Guild, The Longleaf Alliance, Keeping Forests, American Forest Foundation and National 
Council for Air and Stream Improvement (NCASI) to accomplish research and support 
conservation objectives. PCA conducts annual training with staff on the latest research, 
conservation priorities, and company policies and procedures to broaden the practice of 
sustainable forest management and to reduce both direct and indirect negative impacts 
on biodiversity. 
Mitigation, Control Measures and Monitoring of  
High Conservation Values
In 2019, FSC released Controlled Wood National Risk Assessments for the U.S. and  
Canada.40 For specified risks of High Conservation Values (HCV), the table below shows 
the applicable specified risks, the mitigation option and the partners we’ve selected for 
mills with impacted supply areas. The success of the HCV mitigation options in areas of 
specified risk are evaluated by FSC. The outcome of investing in support of these spec-
ified risks is that instead of avoiding the sourcing areas altogether and allowing them to 
deteriorate, we can play an active role in improving their health, which provides mutual 
benefits for many stakeholders. 
HCV Critical Biodiversity Areas (CBA) or Species Mitigation Options Partners
Species 
DiversityCentral Appalachian, Southern Appalachian, Florida 
Panhandle, Central Florida, Klamath Siskiyou, Dusky 
Gopher FrogConservation Initiatives, Education/
Outreach, Implementation of 
Management Activities• American Forest Foundation
• Forest Stewards Guild
• The Longleaf Alliance
• The Nature ConservancyRare  
EcosystemsMesophytic Cove Sites, Native Longleaf Pine Systems, 
Late Successional Bottomland Hardwoods, Old GrowthEducation/Outreach, Planning and 
Staff/Forester Training
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
41
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersEnvironmental Impact Assessments
We utilize NatureServe and state Natural Heritage websites to check for threatened or 
endangered species and ecosystem conservation priorities in combination with on-the-
ground inspections prior to harvest activity. This enables us to ensure that biodiversity 
constraints are identified and that an effective plan of action is in place before, during and 
after forest management activity.
PCA fully complies with the U.S. Lacey Act, Endangered Species Act and the Clean Water 
Act. We also fully comply with the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, Species at 
Risk Act and provincial timber regulations. PCA is in full conformance with the European 
Union Timber Regulation (EUTR).
Best Management Practices (BMPs)
The forest certification programs we adhere to support the protection of biodiversity 
through voluntary and compulsory measures. For example, the SFI standard requires a 
trained Master Logger or Qualified Logging Professional (QLP) on-site during harvest 
activities, and wood suppliers must remain up to date on continuing education require-
ments, including biodiversity protection. In 2020, 99% of the wood sourced directly from 
forestlands was delivered by QLPs.41 PCA promotes and financially supports training pro-
grams for logging professionals as part of our commitment to sustainable forestry stan-
dards. We are dedicated to applying all mandatory and voluntary state best management 
practices (BMPs)42 during harvest activity to protect a site’s biodiversity and to preserve 
the quality of water and soil within the landscape.
41 Although it is a requirement of voluntary standards, there are limited exceptions granted, because we are not legally allowed to deter new 
loggers from gaining entry to markets. We require loggers to be enrolled in the next available QLP training course at a minimum.
42 T o view state BMPs, please see the interactive map at https://www.stateforesters.org/bmps/
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
42
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersWater and Effluents
43 https://www.ncasi.org/technical-studies/sustainable-manufacturing/water-sustainability/water-reuse-recycle/ 
44 Default parameters were used.
45 GRI recommends reporting a location’s water withdrawal as stressed if the baseline water stress or baseline water depletion is rated “high.”
46 World Resources Institute. (2019). Aqueduct 3.0: Updated Decision-Relevant Global Water Risk Indicators (p. 11)Pulp and paper manufacturing is a water-intensive process. We use either surface or 
ground water, depending on the location of the mill. Water withdrawal is measured 
with in-line flowmeters. Our mills intentionally reuse/recycle each gallon of water 
within the pulping and papermaking processes. We quantify water recycling using 
the NCASI Water Recycle T ool,43 and determined our average water recycle ratio to 
be 7 .8 in 2020. States issue permits for groundwater and surface water based on 
extraction volumes. We typically report to each state where we operate mills at least 
once a year. 
Water Risk Assessment and Due Diligence
We use the World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct 3.0 Water Risk Atlas44 to identify 
potential risks associated with our water supply. The assessment showed low risk for 
seven of our mills. Our Tomahawk, Wisconsin, corrugating medium mill assessment  
indicated high baseline water stress,45 which we found surprising, as it does not reflect  
our experience. Therefore, we investigated further: 
The Wisconsin River watershed is heavily regulated and has been managed for nearly 
100 years. It is supported by 26 licensed dams in addition to 16 natural and 5 man-
made associated reservoirs. 
Given our century-long history of our Tomahawk mill operation, support of water 
conservation efforts and understanding of the watershed, we believe that the Aqueduct 
Water Risk Atlas output is suspect, suggesting a limitation of the model.46 Additionally, 
our Tomahawk mill recycles more water than any of our mills; their water recycle ratio 
was 18.4 in 2020. Therefore, we find none of our mills to actually be in water-stressed 
areas that would necessitate reporting their withdrawal as such.
Water Withdrawal
by source (billion liters)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Total 283.5 288.2 280.5 273.9 270.8
 Surface 68% 71% 70% 72% 73%
 Ground 31% 29% 28% 27% 27%
 Municipal 1% <0.5% 1% 1% 1%
Note: Reporting of municipal water withdrawal at our packaging plants started in 2018. Data points may not add to 100%  
due to rounding.
Valdosta Mill Water Conservation Plan
In accordance with the Georgia Environmental Protection Division’s Water Conservation 
Rules, our Valdosta, Georgia, containerboard mill has had a water conservation plan in 
place since 2004. The mill strives for continued incremental reduction of water consump-
tion to the extent practical through a broad water conservation strategy. This includes 
recycling, reclamation and reduction of use. The key performance indicator used to deter -
mine this program’s effectiveness is gallons per ton of product. The mill’s average process 
water use is 6,135 gallons per ton, which is below the industry average. 
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
43
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersWater Discharge
Mills essentially “borrow” water resources for manufacturing, subsequently returning 
virtually all water back to the environment.47 In 2020, PCA mills consumed 2% of water 
withdrawn, or about 1,110 liters per ton of production. Water is returned in two primary 
ways, depending on its use at the mill.48 Non-contact cooling water (NCCW), used to 
cool energy turbines and lubrication systems during warm months, is returned without 
treatment. Process wastewater is treated in on-site wastewater treatment plants prior 
to being discharged to a river or lake. At all of our mills, treated wastewater is tested for 
biological oxygen demand (BOD) and total suspended solids (TSS) prior to discharge.  
In addition to BOD and TSS, other parameters are tested in accordance with state-specific 
requirements. Each month, results are reported to state governments to verify we are 
operating within our permit limits.
Water Discharges
Mills (billion liters)  
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Total 268.8 270.0 252.4 271.9 275.0
 Process Wastewater 75% 73% 82% 77% 76%
 NCCW 25% 27% 18% 23% 24%
Note: Evaporative water loss calculated for 2019 was 2.3%.
Water Discharge Quality
Mills (lbs/ton of production)  
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD) 1.65 1.69 1.88 1.38 1.54
T otal Suspended Solids (TSS) 2.59 2.81 3.24 2.42 2.37
Stormwater Management Initiative
The majority of PCA packaging plants are subject to state stormwater permit programs. 
A stormwater permit requires a detailed stormwater pollution prevention plan (SWPPP), 
along with periodic inspections and stormwater sampling/monitoring, reports to state 
agencies, annual fees and annual training. The PCA corporate Environmental Health and 
Safety (EH&S) teams established a goal in 2016 for the packaging plants to pursue storm-
water No Exposure Certifications (NEC) offered by various state programs. Over the past 
four years, PCA plants have built on the previously attained and audited Good Manufac-
turing Practices (GMPs) achieved over the prior decade. Further improvements include 
storing all oil and chemicals indoors and reducing pollutants in stormwater discharges. 
PCA has invested significant time and capital dollars where necessary to help plants attain 
the goal where feasible. Since 2016, the number of PCA facilities achieving NEC status 
has more than doubled. Currently, 46 box plants have achieved the rigorous management 
standards and achieved NEC coverage.
As a best management practice, NEC plants conduct thorough monthly inspections with 
a site-specific checklist and annual NEC training. The success of the program reflects 
dedication to environmental excellence by the PCA plant and corporate personnel, as well 
as improved environmental performance, reduced compliance costs and reduced risk of 
spills at PCA packaging plants.
47 National Council for Air and Stream Improvement. (2018).  Water Profile of the U.S. Forest Products Industry. 
48 Due to geographic location, International Falls operates a fully enclosed, UNOX system, (an anaerobic reactivated sludge system) for wastewater 
treatment. Wastewater treatment plant residuals from this system are subsequently dried and combusted as a biofuel. A fraction of one percent of 
Valdosta’s treated wastewater is land applied to manage wastewater treatment system hydraulic inventory during drought events. Valdosta and 
International Falls both draw municipal water (for sinks, bathrooms, etc.), which is segregated and treated by publicly owned treatment works (POTW).
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
44
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersWaste
The majority of our mills own and operate private landfills (except Filer City, Michigan). 
These landfills are primarily used to dispose of two high-volume waste byproducts — ash 
from burning woody biofuels (see Energy) and residuals from our process wastewater 
treatment plants (WWTP). PCA mills and converting operations avoid sending 
waste to landfills whenever possible. For example, portions of process residuals  
are beneficially reused rather than landfilled.
At some of our mills, WWTP residuals and wood-fired boiler ash are beneficially used 
by local farmers as soil amendments or liming agents to achieve better overall moisture 
retention, to increase the organic matter content of topsoil and to elevate soil pH, which 
improves plant nutrient uptake. Additionally, combustion residuals are used on-site at the 
mills for building roads and banks (which are used for wastewater treatment ponds) and 
at the landfill as cover material. In some instances, where permitted, we dispose of mill 
construction waste in these landfills.
Our packaging plants recover the vast majority of their corrugated scrap and sell it back 
to mills as double-lined kraft (DLK), which is considered pre-consumer recycled material.
Waste by Type and Disposal Method
(thousand metric tons)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Total 660.7 713.8 809.1 808.8 834.1
 Recycled or Beneficially Reused 74% 71% 68% 74% 70%
 Landfill 26% 29% 32% 26% 30%
Notes: Our 2019 Responsibility Report overreported hazardous waste due to a unit of measure error. PCA operations reported less 
than 50 metric tons per year of hazardous waste (disposed of by third party) between 2017 and 2020. The amount of waste in this 
category is insufficient to be included in the breakdown of all waste. • Solid waste to landfill is reported for mills only in 2016 and 2017. 
Packaging plants added 12–15 thousand metric tons per year.
70%Solid Waste
Recycled or Beneficially ReusedCorrugated Recycling 
In 2020, PCA recycled approximately  
302,000  metric tons of corrugated scrap. 
That’s enough to fill over 40 miles of 50-foot boxcars.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
45
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersProcurement Practices
49 https://www.packagingcorp.com/doing-business-with-pca
50 https://www.packagingcorp.com/supplier-expectationsPCA seeks mutually beneficial relationships with suppliers who share our commit-
ment to continuous improvement. We evaluate both potential and current suppliers 
on dependability and performance level, and we require all vendors to provide qual-
ity goods and services at a fair and competitive price. We track all cost savings and 
cost avoidances that impact our bottom line for all commodities we purchase, and 
we communicate our progress internally. Purchase volumes, new agreement poten-
tial and markets vary, but we always strive to improve from the previous year. 
PCA ensures all purchased goods and services meet our needs and, consequently, the 
needs of our customers. We expect our suppliers to behave ethically in all aspects of their 
business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Supplier Relationships
Importantly, we purchase on value. A substantial proportion of that value stems from 
long-term business relationships and the mutual trust we have established. Our average 
supplier relationship exceeds 10 years, but we’ve done business with many of our suppli-
ers for more than 20 years. 
Expectations of Direct Suppliers
All suppliers are required either by contract or via purchase order to follow the guidelines 
under “Doing Business with PCA”49 on our external website. PCA typically uses internal 
customer surveys to assess and confirm the quality of goods and services provided to our 
operations. 
Agreements with suppliers provide key commercial requirements and also incorporate our 
social responsibility and sustainability expectations.50 For example, we include provisions 
on child labor, forced labor, discrimination, environment and worker safety. We continue 
to work toward having these responsibility and sustainability expectations present in all 
agreements with suppliers and business partners. 
We expect ethical treatment of all who work for PCA’s direct suppliers. This aligns with 
our firm commitment to the fair and equitable treatment of all of our employees within  
a safe, healthy and harassment-free work environment. 
Supplier Audits
By inclusion in our agreements, we may also conduct compliance audits. We apply a 
risk-based approach to determine which suppliers are subject to an audit by our internal 
procurement or other audit resources. 
Regarding Supply Chain
Responsibility in our incoming material supply chain is typically part of our supplier 
agreements. Our purchasing department sets up agreements for our various plants,  
and daily supply chain monitoring is done locally based on local demand and delivery 
needs. If there are any abnormalities, Corporate Purchasing intervenes to make sure 
goods are delivered on time and to set up alternative modes of transportation or sources 
if necessary. 
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
46
2020 PCA Responsibility Report customerscustomersModern Slavery and Human Trafficking
PCA recognizes and is subject to the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 
2010,51 which requires manufacturers and certain others that do business in California to 
publicly disclose their efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from their supply 
chains. Most of our raw materials are sourced in the United States, and almost all of our 
manufacturing activities are conducted in the U.S. as well. 
As part of our due diligence, we reviewed the Global Slavery Index 2018,52 which pro-
vides data related to modern slavery in over 160 countries. The U.S. is classified as taking 
strong action and is one of only seven G20 countries to take action on modern slavery. 
The report shows the U.S. having among the lowest prevalence of forced labor, ranking 
158 out of 167 countries. Given that the substantial majority of our goods are purchased 
in the U.S. and because of the types of materials we procure, we have determined modern 
slavery to be low risk. We continue to monitor our supply chains for potential risk. 
Spending With Diverse Suppliers
For a number of years we have been tracking our spend with diverse suppliers such as 
minority-owned, women-owned and small businesses. We encourage qualified and diverse 
suppliers to participate in the bidding process and, to make this easier, we added a  
questionnaire to our website in June 2019.53 We verify that our suppliers have a valid  
certificate from a credible certification agency. PCA’s spend with diverse suppliers was 
$13.3 million in 2018, $15.6 million in 2019 and $11.4 million in 2020.
Spending With Local Suppliers 
PCA provides containerboard and paper and packaging solutions throughout the country. 
We operate a vertically integrated nationwide network of mills, converting facilities, and 
related sales and support functions. PCA defines all mills and all domestic plants as  
significant locations of operation. Given the geographic range of PCA operations, we  
consider the contiguous 48 states to be local. PCA’s proportion of spend with local  
suppliers was approximately 95% in 2020.
Expectations of Employees
In carrying out duties and responsibilities, PCA expects its employees and agents to  
promote fair dealing with customers, suppliers, competitors and other employees. No 
employee is allowed to take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, conceal-
ment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any other 
unfair practice. All PCA employees involved in the purchasing decision must maintain 
professional integrity in their dealings with qualified PCA vendors.
51 https://www.packagingcorp.com/california-transparency-in-supply-chains-act
52 The Minderoo Foundation Pty Ltd., Global Slavery Index 2018.
53 https://www.packagingcorp.com/supplier-diversity-statement
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
Environmental Excellence
Community Outreach
Economic Performance
Consumer Health and SafetyPCA is committed to building customer relationships based on performance,  
value and trust. T rust is a core value and key objective at PCA, and we believe  
collaborative relationships, bound by the trust we have earned, are the best way  
to deliver innovative packaging solutions and an outstanding service experience. 
This section of our report covers material topics that are important to broader 
stakeholders, including communities, consumers of our customers’ products,  
governments, our natural environment and people who depend on our adherence  
to environmental regulations so they have clean water to drink and clean air to 
breathe. In all cases, it is incumbent on us to do what we say we’re going to do in  
adherence to regulatory and voluntary frameworks that provide significant  
benefits to PCA stakeholders.
trust
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
48
2020 PCA Responsibility Report trusttrustEnvironmental Excellence
PCA has a demonstrated track record of environmental compliance excellence and a 
strong commitment to environmental stewardship. The company has implemented 
a comprehensive environmental management system to ensure full compliance with 
all applicable laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level. PCA ’s corpo-
rate environmental experts work closely with regional EH&S managers and facility 
environmental staff to implement the company’s environmental management 
system and compliance programs. These commitments and investments in environ-
mental excellence provide assurance of our responsible operation and compliance  
to investors, employees and the public. 
Every PCA employee is responsible for environmental compliance, and every manufac-
turing facility, including paper mills and packaging plants, has personnel responsible for 
holding employees accountable for ensuring environmental compliance and conformance 
with PCA’s environmental policy. PCA’s corporate environmental personnel provide 
resources for facility environmental personnel including best management practice 
guidance documents, environmental compliance training modules, permitting assistance, 
compliance management, environmental operational support and audit services. 
Environmental Management System
The scope of the company’s environmental management system includes programs 
supporting air, wastewater, storm water, spill response, hazardous waste, universal waste, 
oil management, and key dates management and tracking. Environmental communica-
tion and training methods take a number of different forms within PCA. In addition to 
the online environmental training modules offered to all facilities, frequent calls are held 
with all paper mill staff to communicate and discuss compliance, performance metrics, 
and emerging regulatory and technical developments within the company and industry. 
An annual corporate environmental meeting is held with the mills to provide additional 
educational opportunities. 
In order to ensure that all operations adhere to applicable laws and regulations and also 
ensure that all permitting, testing, reporting and recordkeeping is completed on sched-
ule, corporate environmental personnel regularly interact with our facilities and lead a 
robust internal audit program. All facilities are audited on a continuous cycle, once every 
3–5 years based on the complexity and needs of the operation. PCA uses EH&S software 
for all facilities to manage and track environmental compliance, permits, key dates and 
performance. Internal environmental audit findings are tracked, and non-conformances 
that are identified during the audits are corrected in a timely manner. Environmental 
incidents, including any regulatory citations, are promptly addressed and corrected. All 
incidents are communicated to senior management and tracked in the company’s incident 
reporting system. PCA’s Board of Directors annually reviews the company’s environmen-
tal performance. 
Beyond Compliance
As part of our goal to pursue environmental excellence beyond compliance, PCA provides 
significant funding and support of environmental research through the National Council 
for Air and Stream Improvement (NCASI) and the NCASI Foundation. These contribu-
tions are used to improve the accuracy of emissions estimates and environmental data 
quality in the forest products, paper and packaging industry sectors.
Environmental Performance Metrics — Mills
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Notice of Violation (NOV) 0 0 0 1 3
Permit Exceedance 2 2 0 0 3
Reportable Releases 3 2 0 1 3
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
49
2020 PCA Responsibility Report trusttrustCommunity Outreach
We seek to be a good neighbor in the more than 90 communities where we operate, 
as well as in the larger global community. We see this objective as the right thing to 
do, and it fits with our business philosophy of fostering a caring culture within all PCA 
operations. Working collaboratively and driving shared value benefits everyone.  
We regularly promote our community outreach activities through our social media 
accounts on LinkedIn and T witter. 
We are currently reporting cash donations and are working to report volunteer hours and 
in-kind donations in the future. 
Charitable Giving
Cash donations (dollars)
2017 2018 2019 2020
Total $1,319,000 $2,764,000 $3,726,000 $985,000
 Education (Schools and Scholarships) 36% 78% 80% 29%
 Charitable Organizations 64% 22% 20% 71%
PROJECT UP™ by Boise Paper
Funded through sales of select office papers and in partnership with the Arbor Day Foun-
dation, Project UP works to transform distressed urban areas, like school playgrounds 
and vacant lots, into vibrant green spaces. Since 2011, Boise Paper has sponsored 15 
planting events across the country, including neighborhoods in Indianapolis, Baltimore, 
Miami, Toronto, Atlanta, Los Angeles, Chicago, Phoenix and Jacksonville. In cooperation 
with 60 local partners, more than 1,500 Project UP volunteers have planted thousands of 
trees and hundreds of other woody plants and perennial flowers. Due to unprecedented 
obstacles, our 2020 event was an online giveaway of nearly 3,500 trees to over 300 virtual 
participants.
Hurricane Laura Response
On August 29, 2020, our DeRidder Mill was struck by 
Hurricane Laura, the strongest hurricane to make landfall 
in Louisiana in 150 years. This Category 4 hurricane, whose 
eye was 25 miles wide and passed directly over our mill, 
sustained winds of 105 MPH, with gusts reaching 150 MPH. 
The high winds inflicted significant damage on the commu-
nity. PCA’s DeRidder mill and sister mills across the coun-
try responded to this crisis and helped ease the hardships 
faced by members of the community.
Impact on the Community
• Total power outages for 60+ miles for 12 days on average 
• Parish and city water system non-functional
• No grocery stores or gas stations in service
• No cell service
• Numerous impassable roads for over two weeks
• 85% of homes received roof damage from hurricane-force 
winds (estimated)
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
50
2020 PCA Responsibility Report trusttrustCommunity Relief
PCA took swift action to help get local systems functioning and to provide general  
supplies to the public, including sending PCA employees to help restore the community:
Generators Equipment Supplies
• City of DeRidder water/
sewer system
• Parish water system
• Three local fuel stations• Four forklifts & eight pallet jacks 
for Area Relief Supply Centers
• Lift pumps for City of DeRidder
• Mobile equipment for the 
National Guard• Food items
• Paper goods
• Gallons of water
• Cleaning supplies
Manpower
• Set up generators
• Remove trees from roadways, driveways and homes
• Repair underground water leaks for the city
Due to the mill’s unparalleled response to support the community during a time when 
so many were already struggling due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the DeRidder City Hall 
posted this via Facebook: 
Employee Relief
In addition to the community receiving support from PCA, we also supported mill 
employees who were impacted by the hurricane with the following provisions:
• Generators, box fans, A/C units, fuel
• Semi-trailer loads of household supplies (sent from PCA sister mills)
 —Food, cleaning supplies, toiletries, tarps, extension cords, gas cans, water, etc.
• Tarp crews sent to cover damaged roofs
• Chainsaw crews sent to remove trees from entryways
• Living accommodations (travel trailers) for displaced employees and their families
• Payroll continued as normal
In total, PCA provided over $1.5 million in employee and community assistance in 
response to Hurricane Laura.There are so many people 
helping our community at this 
time, and we are keeping a long 
list so that we can properly 
thank everyone. 
But we want to give a special 
thank-you today to PCA of 
DeRidder. 
PCA is providing generators  
for some key community 
operations, heavy equipment 
and other resources to our  
city, helping to get our people 
back online. 
PCA, we appreciate you!“
”
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
51
2020 PCA Responsibility Report trusttrustEconomic Performance
54 PCA Annual Reports
55 Our Code of Ethics can be accessed at Executive Ethics.PCA has a history of strong financial performance and encourages all stakeholders 
to read our annual reports.54 PCA strives to generate industry-leading returns and 
maintain a balanced and disciplined capital allocation strategy for the benefit of its 
shareholders. We believe that strong financial controls and execution are essential 
and include the following key policies: 
Financial Controls and Records Policy 
PCA’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer must certify quarterly in 
PCA’s periodic financial reports as to PCA’s financial statements, internal controls and 
disclosure controls and procedures, including as to the fair presentation of the financial 
information included in those reports. PCA maintains a system of internal controls over 
financial reporting, which includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transac-
tions and dispositions of its assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures are being 
made only with proper authorizations; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the  
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. PCA’s 
internal policies are also designed to ensure the timely reporting of material information. 
Executive officers of PCA and the primary individuals at PCA directly responsible for 
financial reporting must comply with the Code of Ethics for Executive Officers and  
Principal Accounting Personnel and annually certify compliance.55
Defined Benefit Plan Obligations and Other Retirement Plans 
PCA operates several retirement plans for the benefit of its salaried and hourly employ-
ees. These include defined benefit plans and defined contribution plans. PCA has defined  
pension benefit plans for both salaried and hourly employees. The plans covering salaried 
employees are closed to new entrants with only certain current active grandfathered  
participants still accruing benefits. The plans covering certain hourly employees are 
closed to new participants.
Obligations and Funded Status of Defined Benefit Pension and  
Other Postretirement Benefits Plans
The funded status of PCA’s plans changes from year to year based on the plan asset 
investment return, contributions, benefit payments, discount rate used to measure the 
liability and expected participant longevity. For additional information regarding the  
obligations and funded status of our plans, please see the Employee Benefit Plans and 
Other Postretirement Benefits footnote included in our annual reports.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
52
2020 PCA Responsibility Report trusttrustDefined Contribution Plans 
Some of our employees participate in defined contribution savings plans, which are 
available to most of our salaried and hourly employees. The defined contribution plans 
permit participants to make contributions by salary reduction pursuant to Section 401(k) 
of the code. PCA makes employer matching contributions and additional contributions 
to the plans of employees who are not eligible to participate in the defined benefit plans. 
PCA made contributions of $80.2 million, $75.7 million and $70.1 million in 2020, 2019 
and 2018, respectively. For additional information regarding our defined contribution 
plans, please see the Employee Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits footnote 
included in our annual reports and our SEC Form 11-Ks.56
Economic Value
(dollars in millions)
2018 2019 2020
Direct Economic Value Generated
 Net Sales $7,014.6 $6,964.3 $6,658.2
Economic Value Distributed
 Cost of Sales, including Wages (5,369.3) (5,320.3) (5,288.8)
 Selling, Administrative and Other Expenses1(577.6) (590.3) (645.5)
 Payments to Providers of Capital – Interest (97.2) (136.7) (91.2)
 Payments to Providers of Capital – Dividends 2(268.1) (298.7) (299.6)
 Payments to Governments – Income T axes 3
 U.S. Federal (100.6) (134.5) (93.0)
 U.S. State (40.0) (38.1) (22.5)
 Foreign Canadian4(0.1) (0.1) 0.0
 Foreign Hong Kong4(0.1) - (0.1)
Economic Value Retained $561.6 $445.6 $217.5
1 Amount for 2020 includes a non-cash impairment charge of $55.2 million related to the Paper reporting unit.
2 Reflects actual dividends paid during the year
3 Reported on a cash basis to exclude the effect of deferred taxes.
4 Substantially all of PCA’s operations and employees are located in the United States of America. PCA does have financially immaterial 
operations in Canada and Hong Kong with employees of less than 0.3% of our total employees located in these two countries. The 
2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act included base erosion prevention measures on U.S. earnings with the enactment of the base erosion and 
anti-abuse tax (BEAT) in IRC Section 59A effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. The BEAT eliminates the deduction 
of certain base erosion payments made to related foreign corporations and imposes a minimum tax if greater than regular tax. A de 
minimis exception is provided for companies whose foreign-related party payments are very low, relative to overall deductions, and 
PCA meets this exception and did not owe BEAT in 2020, 2019 or 2018.
56 Retirement Savings Plan for Salaried Employees; Thrift Plan for Hourly Employees  
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
53
2020 PCA Responsibility Report trusttrustConsumer Health and Safety 
57 Our Colby, Wisconsin, plant moved to Marshfield, Wisconsin, in 2019.PCA believes that serving our customers, and the consumers who purchase from 
them, comes with significant responsibility. We do everything we reasonably can to 
support the health and safety of the ultimate consumer of food, beverage, pharma-
ceutical and personal care products carried in PCA packaging. 
For more than a decade PCA has been a leader in working to ensure the safety of corru-
gated packaging food applications. In 2010 we undertook an initiative to universally 
implement Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs). Concurrently, we chose to inspect 
our manufacturing locations and audit our food safety management systems to the 
appropriate AIB International standards. By December 2011, all PCA full-line plants had 
fully implemented GMPs and successfully audited to AIB standards. Also in 2011, we 
began exploring the Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) and undertook preparations  
to pilot emerging GFSI-benchmarked standards for practices for implementation across 
our system of manufacturing plants. In 2013 we launched an initiative to fulfill our 
commitment to certify all full-line packaging plants by the end of 2016. 
Global Food Safety Initiative
GFSI provides the platform to build food safety management systems that will not only 
be effective, but also be externally assured, credible and universally accepted. PCA has 
developed, implemented and audited our food safety management systems to the FSSC 
22000 standard. FSSC 22000 combines a rigorous and comprehensive set of GMPs with 
the internationally accepted ISO 22000 Food Safety Management standard.
PCA remains the only large North American, vertically integrated provider to accomplish 
GFSI conformance across all full-line corrugating operations. As the PCA system contin-
ues to grow organically and by acquisition, all full-line plants accomplish GFSI confor -
mance, as well as sheet plants whose customer base benefits from certification. 
COVID-19 Response
All certified locations maintained GFSI conformance throughout 2020. Our GMPs and 
food safety management systems prepared us well to implement CDC recommendations 
to help keep our employees safe. During 2020, we leveraged partial on-site audits to 
ensure continued conformance while minimizing the time auditors needed to spend in 
our facilities, thereby reducing the likelihood of transmission.
Notable Achievements
2011 2012 2016
PCA led the corrugated 
industry in committing to GFSI 
accomplishment, well prior to 
standards being finalized for 
packaging.Our Colby, Wisconsin, plant 
became the first North 
American corrugating 
operation to attain GFSI 
certification.57PCA became the first large 
North American corrugated 
provider to achieve GFSI 
conformance nationwide 
across our entire system of 
full-line packaging operations.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
54
2020 PCA Responsibility Report trusttrustAssessment of the Health and Safety Impacts of Product and  
Service Categories 
We view our role in supporting the health and safety of the consumer purchasing the 
products we package to be of the utmost importance. This begins with ensuring that  
the containerboard we produce and incorporate into our packaging is compliant with 
statutory and regulatory law and is fit for intended use. PCA invests in a robust product 
stewardship function to accomplish these objectives. This ensures the cleanliness and 
safety of the materials we combine and convert into packaging. 
Food Safety Management Systems 
A crucial component of our strategy is our food safety management systems, which are 
established and maintained at each certified operation. The foundation of these systems 
is based on GMPs and hazard analysis critical control points (HACCP). This foundation 
drives us to accomplish an in-depth review of every process we employ that may influence 
the safety of our products. End-to-end, all-encompassing and exhaustive efforts go into 
identifying any potential hazards and subsequently into quantifying any risks present in 
our processes. The ultimate objective is to prevent potential illness by effectively mitigat -
ing risk to consumer health and well-being. The end result is assurance that we have built 
health and safety expectations into our products. By doing so, both our customers and the 
consumer know that every effort has been made to support food safety. Our food safety 
management systems are audited annually by NSF International for external assurance.
PCA Supports the 
Global Food Safety Initiative
GFSI Vision
Safe food for consumers — everywhere.
GFSI Mission
Provide continuous improvement in food safety management systems to ensure confidence  
in the delivery of safe food to consumers worldwide.
GFSI Objectives
– Reduce food safety risks by delivering equivalence and convergence between effective 
food safety management systems.
– Manage cost in the global food system by eliminating redundancy and improving 
operational efficiency.
– Develop competencies and capacity building in food safety to create consistent and 
effective global food systems. Provide a unique international stakeholder platform for 
collaboration, knowledge exchange and networking.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
Membership of Associations
Emission Factors and Global Warming Potential (GWP)
Employer Information Report EEO-1, Employment Data
Master Data Table
Glossary
List of Referenced Sources
appendix
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
56
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixGlobal Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index 
Organizational Profile
102-1 Name of the Organization Packaging Corporation of America
102-2 Activities, Brands, Products and Services 2020 Annual Report, pages 2–4
102-3 Location of Headquarters Lake Forest, Illinois, USA
102-4 Location of Operations 2020 Annual Report, page 2
102-5 Ownership and Legal Form Packaging Corporation of America is publicly held, incorporated in Delaware, USA. 
Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol 
“PKG.”
102-6 Markets Served 2020 Annual Report, pages 4, 6
102-7 Scale 2020 Annual Report, pages 1–6
102-8 Employees and Other Workers 20
102-9 Supply Chain 2020 Annual Report, pages 3–6
102-10 Significant Changes No significant changes to the organization during 2020.
102-11 Precautionary Approach or Principle PCA follows a “precautionary approach” when developing, and prior to offering, 
new products. We seek to identify potential hazards and risk early in development, 
such that they can either be eliminated or assuredly managed to a level where they 
are acceptably mitigated for purposes of our customers, employees, communities 
and other stakeholders. Sensitivity to the impact that our products and their 
sourcing/ production/provision may have on health, safety and the environment  
is a key underpinning of our sustainability strategy and objectives. 
102-12 External Initiatives CDP 
EcoVadis 
Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) 
Paper & Packaging: How Life Unfolds 
Project UP! In partnership with Arbor Day 
Sedex
102-13 Membership of Associations 59
Strategy  
102-14 Statement from Senior Decision-Maker 4
102-15 Description of Key Impacts, Risks and Opportunities 11, 27–28
Ethics and Integrity
102-16 Values, Principles, Standards and Norms of Behavior Corporate Governance, Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Code of Ethics for 
Directors, Code of Ethics for Executive Officers and Principal Accounting Personnel
102-17 Mechanisms for Advice and Concerns About Ethics PCA has established a toll-free help line: (877) 643-8722. 
Concerns may also be written and mailed to: 
Compliance Officer 
Packaging Corporation of America  
c/o Corporate Counsel  
1 North Field Court  
Lake Forest, Illinois 60045
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, pages 6–8
Governance
102-18 Governance Structure and Committees Responsible Corporate Governance Guidelines, Audit Committee Charter, Compensation 
Committee Charter, Section 162(m) Subcommittee Charter, Nominating and 
Governance Committee Charter, Board of Directors, Senior Management T eam
Stakeholder Engagement 
102-40 List of Stakeholder Groups Employees, customers, shareholders and other capital providers, governments, 
neighbors (community members), landowners and fiber suppliers, suppliers of 
other goods and services.
102-41 Collective Bargaining Agreements 2020 Annual Report, page 7
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
57
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendix102-42 Identifying and Selecting Stakeholders 7
102-43 Approach to Stakeholder Engagement 7–8
102-44 Key T opics and Concerns Raised 7–8
Reporting Practice
102-45 Entities Included in the Consolidated Financial Statements 2020 Annual Report, page 48
102-46 Defining Report Content and T opic Boundaries Boundaries for topic disclosures are determined based on data relevance, data 
availability and materiality. Significance of topics was determined based on 
surveys and research of stakeholder groups. 
102-47 List of Material T opics 10
102-48 Restatements of Information Any restatements of information are noted with an adjacent footnote. 
Restatements in this report are for renewable fuel and subsequent biogenic 
emissions in 2019, and all previously reported hazardous waste. 
102-49 Changes in Reporting No changes in reporting period, material topics or topic boundaries. 
102-50 Reporting Period PCA ’s Fiscal (Calendar) Year 2020.
102-51 Date of Most Recent Report June 30, 2020
102-52 Reporting Cycle Annual
102-53 Contact Point for Questions Regarding the Report responsibility@packagingcorp.com 
102-54 Claims of Reporting in Accordance with GRI Standards This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core Option.
102-55 GRI Content Index 56–59
102-56 External Assurance No external assurance for PCA ’s 2020 Responsibility Report. All data and 
information has undergone internal review.
Economic Disclosures
201 Economic Performance Management Approach 51
201-1 Direct Economic Value Generated and Distributed 52
201-2 Financial Implications Due to Climate Change  2020 Annual Report, page 32
201-3 Defined Benefit Plan Obligations and Other Retirement Plans 51–52
201-4 Financial Assistance Received From Government The company did not receive financial assistance from governments in 2020, 2019, 
2018 or 2017 .
204 Procurement Practices Management Approach 45
204-1 Proportion of Spending on Local Suppliers 46
Environmental Disclosures
301 Materials Management Approach 35
301-1 Materials Used by Weight or Volume 35
301-2 Recycled Input Materials Used 35
301-3 Reclaimed Products 38
302 Energy Management Approach 30
302-1 Energy Consumption Within the Organization 31
302-2 Energy Consumption Outside of the Organization 31
302-3 Energy Intensity 12
303-1 Interactions With Water as a Shared Resource 42
303-2 Management of Water Discharge-Related Impacts 43
303-3 Water Withdrawal 42
303-4 Water Discharge 43
304 Biodiversity Management Approach 40
304-1 Operational Sites 40
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
58
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendix304-2 Significant Impacts on Biodiversity 40–41
304-3 Habitats Protected or Restored 40
304-4 IUCN Red List Species 40
305 Emissions Management Approach 32
305-1 Direct (scope 1) GHG Emissions 32
305-2 Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 32
305-3 Other Indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions 32
305-4 GHG Emissions Intensity 34
305-5 Reduction of GHG Emissions 32
305-6 Emission of Ozone-Depleting Substances (ODS) All emissions from unrecovered refrigerant are HFCs reported on page 32.  
PCA does not use or make CFCs. 
305-7 Nitrogen Oxides (NO x), Sulfur Oxides (SO x) and Other 
Significant Air Emissions34
306 Waste Management Approach 44
306-2 Waste by Type and Disposal Method 44
306-4 Transport of Hazardous Waste 44
307 Environmental Compliance Management Approach 48
307-1 Non-Compliance With Environmental Laws and Regulations PCA did not have any material violation of environmental laws in 2020, 2019, 2018 
or 2017 . 
Social Disclosures
401 Employment Management Approach 20
401-1 Employee Hires and Turnover 20
401-2 Benefits Provided 20–21
401-3 Parental Leave 21
402 Labor and Management Relations Management Approach 24
402-1 Minimum Notice Regarding Operational Changes 24
403-1 Occupational Health and Safety Management System 14
403-2 Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and Incident 
Investigation15
403-3 Occupational Health Services 15
403-4 Worker Participation, Consultation and Communication on 
Occupational Health and Safety16
403-5 Worker Training on Occupational Health and Safety 14
403-6 Promotion of Worker Health 16
403-7 Prevention and Mitigation of Occupational Health and Safety 
Impacts Directly Linked by Business Relationships15
403-8 Workers Covered by an Occupational Health and Safety 
Management System14
403-9 Work-Related Injuries 16
404 Training and Education Management Approach 17
404-1 Average Hours of Training Per Year Per Employee 17
404-2 Programs for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition 
Assistance Programs 17–19
404-3 Percentage of Employees Receiving Regular Performance 
ReviewsPCA utilizes various formal and informal performance management processes, 
trainings and development programs to build competence among employees. 
Employees are evaluated on job performance, including performance against the 
expected standards of conduct.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
59
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendix405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity Management Approach 25
405-1 Diversity of Governance Bodies and Employees 25
 413 Local Communities Management Approach 49
 413-1 Operations With Local Community Engagement 49
 413-2 Operations With Significant Actual and Potential Negative 
Impacts on Local Communities PCA is not aware of any current operations that pose actual or potential material 
negative impacts on the communities where we operate. 
416 Consumer Health and Safety Management Approach 53
416-1 Assessment of the Health and Safety Impacts 54
416-2 Incidence of Non-Compliance Concerning Health and Safety PCA did not have any incidents of non-compliance with product safety regulations 
or material instances non-compliant with voluntary product safety codes in 2020.
Membership of Associations
American Forest and Paper Association (AF&PA) National Council for Air and Stream Improvement (NCASI)
American Forest Resource Council (AFRC) National Fire Protection Association (NFPA)
American Society for Quality (ASQ) National Paper Trade Association (NPTA)
ASTM International North American Forest Partnership (NAFP)
Corrugated Packaging Alliance (CPA) Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC)
Envelope Manufacturers Association (EMA) Pulp and Paper Safety Association (PPSA)
Federal Water Quality Coalition (FWQC) Recycled Paperboard T echnical Association (RPTA)
Fibre Box Association (FBA) Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM)
Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) Society of American Foresters (SAF)
Institute of Packaging Professionals (IoPP) Supplier Ethical Data Exchange (SEDEX)
International Corrugated Case Association (ICCA) Sustainable Forestry Initiative® (SFI)
International Corrugated Packaging Foundation (ICPF) Sustainable Packaging Coalition (SPC)
International Organization for Standardization (ISO) T echnical Association of Pulp & Paper Industry (TAPPI)
International Safe Transit Association (ISTA) The Nature Conservancy
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
60
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixEmission Factors and Global Warming Potential (GWP)
Scopes 1 & 2
Scope 1 U.S. EPA MRR: Final Rule (40 CFR 98) — Industrial Sector 2013
Scope 2 (2016–17) U.S. EPA eGRID: eGRID 2017 v2 (w/ 2014 Data)
Scope 2 (2018) U.S. EPA eGRID: eGRID 2018 (w/ 2016 Data)
Scope 2 (2019) U.S. EPA eGRID: eGRID 2020 (w/ 2018 Data)
Scope 2 (2020) U.S. EPA eGRID: eGRID 2021 (w/ 2019 Data)
Scope 3
Category 1 — Purchased Goods and Services– Carnegie Mellon University Green Design Institute (2020) 
Economic Input-Output Life Cycle Assessment (EIO-LCA) U.S. 2002  
(428 sectors) Purchaser Model
– Carnegie Mellon University Green Design Institute (2020) 
Economic Input-Output Life Cycle Assessment (EIO-LCA) U.S. 2007  
(388 sectors) Producer Model
– Life cycle assessment study of starch products for the European starch 
industry association (AAF): Sector study, Figure 3
– Life cycle assessment of forest harvesting and transportation operations 
in T ennessee
– Environmental impacts of roundwood supply chain options in Michigan: 
Life cycle assessment of harvest and transport stages
Category 2 — Capital Goods– Carnegie Mellon University Green Design Institute. (2020)  
Economic Input-Output Life Cycle Assessment (EIO-LCA) U.S. 2002  
(428 sectors) Purchaser model
Category 3 — Fuel and Energy-Related Activities – U.S. EPA eGRID: Grid Gross Loss (GGL) 2018
Category 4 — Upstream Transportation and Distribution– Life cycle assessment of forest harvesting and transportation operations 
in T ennessee
– Environmental impacts of roundwood supply chain options in Michigan: 
Life cycle assessment of harvest and transport stages
Category 5 — Waste Generated in Operations– U.S. EPA Solid Waste Management and Greenhouse Gases. A Life Cycle 
Assessment of Emissions and Sinks, 3rd edition.
Category 6 — Business Travel– U.S. EPA MRR — Final Rule (40 CFR 98) — Industrial Sector 2013;  
EPA (2014) Inventory of U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Sinks
– Air Travel factors from 2017 Guidelines to Defra / DECC’s GHG Conversion 
Factors for Company Reporting. Version 1.0 August 2017 .
Category 7 — Employee Commuting– EPA Hub (Mar 2018), CO 2, CH 4, N2O emissions data for highway vehicles 
are from T able 2-13 of the Inventory of U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
and Sinks: 1990-2015. Vehicle-miles and passenger-miles data for 
highway vehicles are from T able VM-1 of the Federal Highway 
Administration Highway Statistics 2015.
Category 9 — Downstream Transportation and 
Distribution– EDF Green Freight handbook, Rail, Distance
– U.S. EPA MRR — Final Rule (40 CFR 98) — Industrial Sector 2013;  
EPA (2014) Inventory of U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Sinks
Global Warming Potential
CH 4 (2016–2019) 25
N2O (2016–2019) 298
CH 4 (2020) 28
N2O (2020) 265
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
61
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixEmployer Information Report EEO-1, Employment Data
Job CategoriesNumber of Employees
Male Female
Total
WHITE HISP BLACK ASIAN NHOPI NAT AM 2+ RACE WHITE HISP BLACK ASIAN NHOPI NAT AM 2+ RACE
Exec / Senior Managers (1.1) 78 0 1 9 0 0 0 12 0 0 1 0 0 0 101
First / Mid-Level Managers (1.2) 1,443 167 74 24 3 7 3 270 22 9 14 1 0 4 2,041
Professionals (2) 569 48 22 21 1 4 15 406 52 30 25 3 1 4 1,201
T echnicians (3) 40 4 1 0 0 1 0 12 5 0 0 0 0 0 63
Sales Workers (4) 375 37 8 3 1 1 0 303 55 6 7 1 6 9 812
Admin Support (5) 182 36 13 4 0 0 3 150 19 7 3 1 0 1 419
Craft Workers (6) 1,226 115 48 9 0 9 9 15 1 2 0 0 0 0 1,434
Operatives (7) 3,617 1,487 958 141 53 35 89 392 152 150 10 10 4 9 7 ,107
Laborers & Helpers (8) 913 373 310 43 6 9 30 152 88 55 2 4 2 6 1,993
Service Workers (9) 14 1 4 0 0 0 0 8 2 3 0 0 0 0 32
Total (10) 8,457 2,268 1,439 254 64 66 149 1,720 396 262 62 20 13 33 15,203
PCA’s EEO-1 report was filed with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission in May, 2021. Data used for the report was from our 12/15/2020 to 12/31/2020 payroll period.
HISP = Hispanic • NHOPI = Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islanders • NAT AM = Native American • 2+ RACE = Two or More Races 
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
62
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixMaster Data Table
Unit of Measure 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Production and Shipments
Containerboard Productionthousand 
tons4,341 4,249 4,081 3,881 3,736
Corrugated Shipmentsbillion square 
feet (BSF)62.8 59.4 58.9 55.7 51.3
White Paper (UFS) Productionthousand 
tons648 947 1,017 1,118 1,127
Market Pulp Productionthousand 
tons0 0 0 0 45
Occupational Health and Safety
Employee Days Away, Restricted or Transferred (DART)cases x 
200,000/total 
hours worked1.25 1.04 0.92 0.94 0.73
Employee Lost Time Case Rate (L TCR)cases x 
200,000/total 
hours worked0.63 0.48 0.37 0.39 0.36
Employee T otal Case Rate (TCR)cases x 
200,000/total 
hours worked1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.4
Employee Fatalities 0 0 0 0 0
T emp. Worker Days Away, Restricted or Transferred 
(DART)cases x 
200,000/total 
hours worked0 0.53 0.43 0.57 0.49
T emp. Worker Lost Time Case Rate (L TCR)cases x 
200,000/total 
hours worked0 0.36 0.26 0.28 0.49
T emp. Worker T otal Case Rate (TCR)cases x 
200,000/total 
hours worked0.7 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.3
T emp. Worker Fatalities 0 0 0 0 0
Training and Education
Average Training Hours per Employeehours/
employee1.6 - - - -
Female Employee Participation in Degree Pursuit 
Program43 38 45 41 -
Male Employee Participation in Degree Pursuit 
Program42 38 37 35 -
Female Co-Op Participation in Degree Pursuit Program 0 3 - -
Male Co-Op Participation in Degree Pursuit Program 9 6 - -
T otal Participation in Degree Pursuit Program 94 85 82 76 -
T otal Contribution for Degree Pursuit Program U.S. dollars $435,000 $468,200 $396,500 $374,400
Employment
Grand T otal New Hires 2,199 3,010 2,427 1,560 -
T otal New Hires of Female Employees 331 519 449 409 -
T otal New Hires of Male Employees 1,868 2,419 1,978 1,151 -
New Hires of Female Employees 18–24 Years Old 91 131 117 118 -
New Hires of Male Employees 18–24 Years Old 473 639 460 307 -
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
63
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixUnit of Measure 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
New Hires of Female Employees 25–34 Years Old 93 176 136 104 -
New Hires of Male Employees 25–34 Years Old 632 848 704 369 -
New Hires of Female Employees 35–44 Years Old 69 100 77 83 -
New Hires of Male Employees 35–44 Years Old 379 496 357 213 -
New Hires of Female Employees 45–54 Years Old 53 77 87 84 -
New Hires of Male Employees 45–54 Years Old 255 341 307 177 -
New Hires of Female Employees 55–64 Years Old 25 32 32 19 -
New Hires of Male Employees 55–64 Years Old 116 159 143 80 -
New Hires of Female Employees 65+ Years Old 0 3 0 1
New Hires of Male Employees 65+ Years Old 13 8 7 5 -
Grand T otal of Employee Turnover 2,623 2,611 2,277 2,108 -
T otal Turnover of Female Employees 437 461 397 371 -
T otal Turnover of Male Employees 2,186 2,150 1,880 1,737 -
Turnover of Female Employees 18–24 Years Old 69 118 92 67 -
Turnover of Male Employees 18–24 Years Old 337 386 273 282 -
Turnover of Female Employees 25–34 Years Old 110 112 74 80 -
Turnover of Male Employees 25–34 Years Old 542 589 517 409 -
Turnover of Female Employees 35–44 Years Old 84 67 65 68 -
Turnover of Male Employees 35–44 Years Old 409 388 319 328 -
Turnover of Female Employees 45–54 Years Old 76 73 71 69 -
Turnover of Male Employees 45–54 Years Old 306 316 298 294 -
Turnover of Female Employees 55–64 Years Old 72 60 57 56 -
Turnover of Male Employees 55–64 Years Old 405 328 327 29 -
Turnover of Female Employees 65+ Years Old 26 31 38 31 -
Turnover of Male Employees 65+ Years Old 187 143 146 134 -
Employees
T otal Employees 15,200 15,500 15,000 14,600 -
T otal Salaried Employees 4,500 4,500 4,500 4,400 -
T otal Hourly Employees 10,700 11,000 10,500 10,200 -
Employees Covered by Collective Bargaining 
Agreements (CBA)6,634 6,930 6,615 6,630 -
Hourly Employees in CBA as % of T otal Hourly 
Employees62% 63% 63% 65% -
Employees in CBA as % of All Employees 44% 44% 45% 46% -
Percentage of Female Employees 16% 17% 17% 16% -
Percentage of Male Employees 84% 83% 83% 84% -
Percentage of Full-Time Employees 99.9% 99.9% 99.9% 99.9% -
Percentage of Part-Time Employees 0.1% 0.1% 0.1% 0.1% -
Percentage of Employees in USA 99.7% 99.7% 99.7% 99.7% -
Percentage of Employees in Canada 0.2% 0.2% 0.2% 0.2% -
Percentage of Employees in Hong Kong 0.1% 0.1% 0.1% 0.1% -
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
64
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixUnit of Measure 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Number of Female Directors 2 2 1 1 -
Number of Male Directors 9 10 10 10 -
Number of Directors 30–50 Years Old 0 0 1 1 -
Number of Directors Over 50 Years Old 11 12 10 10 -
Number of Male Directors 30–50 Years Old 0 0 1 1 -
Number of Male Directors Over 50 Years Old 9 10 9 9 -
Number of Female Directors Over 50 Years Old 2 2 1 1 -
T otal Number of Directors 11 12 11 11 -
Number of Female Executive Officers 1 1 0 0 -
Number of Male Executive Officers 10 9 6 6 -
Number of Executive Officers 30–50 Years Old 2 2 1 1 -
Number of Executive Officers Over 50 Years Old 9 8 5 5 -
Number of Male Executive Officers 30–50 Years Old 2 2 1 1 -
Number of Male Executive Officers Over 50 Years Old 8 7 5 5 -
Number of Female Executive Officers Over 50 Years 
Old1 1 0 0 -
T otal Number of Executive Officers 11 10 6 6 -
Number of Female Officers 7 3 4 4 -
Number of Male Officers 23 21 19 16 -
T otal Number of Officers 30 24 23 20 -
Number of Female Employees 18–24 Years Old 116 134 131 121 -
Number of Male Employees 18–24 Years Old 833 822 790 782 -
Number of Female Employees 25–34 Years Old 459 466 455 422 -
Number of Male Employees 25–34 Years Old 2,760 2,755 2,648 2,621 -
Number of Female Employees 35–44 Years Old 505 540 526 488 -
Number of Male Employees 35–44 Years Old 2,723 2,712 2,605 2,579 -
Number of Female Employees 45–54 Years Old 718 735 716 665 -
Number of Male Employees 45–54 Years Old 3,156 3,165 3,309 2,858 -
Number of Female Employees 55–64 Years Old 638 639 623 578 -
Number of Male Employees 55–64 Years Old 2,896 3,010 2,889 2,858 -
Number of Female Employees 65+ Years Old 64 68 67 62
Number of Male Employees 65+ Years Old 370 475 456 451 -
Energy
Energy Consumption From Non-Renewable Fuel million GJ 29.9 32.6 30.6 27 .8 30.4
Percentage of Non-Renewable Fuel From Natural Gas 96.8% 97 .1% 96.4% 95.3% 95.4%
Percentage of Non-Renewable Fuel From Other  
Fossil Fuels3.2% 2.9% 3.6% 4.7% 4.6%
Energy Consumption From Renewable Fuel million GJ 70.8 72.6 73.3 72.9 73.1
Percentage of Renewable Fuel From Black  
Liquor Solids69.8% 71.0% 67 .7% 67 .5% 68.0%
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
65
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixUnit of Measure 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Percentage of Renewable Fuel From Bark 26.7% 26.2% 29.0% 30.2% 29.8%
Percentage of Renewable Fuel From Other  
Biogenic Fuels3.5% 2.8% 3.3% 2.3% 2.2%
Energy Consumed From Purchased Electricity  
and Steammillion GJ 9.4 9.8 9.7 9.0 9.4
Energy Consumed From Self-Generated 
Hydroelectricitymillion GJ 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.4 0.3
T otal Energy Consumed million GJ 110.4 113.0 113.9 110.1 113.2
Emissions
Scope 1 GHG Emissionsmillion metric 
tons CO₂e1.75 2.03  1.94  1.84  1.94
Percentage of Scope 1 Emissions From  
Packaging Plants and Other10.6% 8.8% 10.5% 10.8% 10.0%
Percentage of Scope 1 Emissions From  
Containerboard Mills72.4% 66.3% 61.4% 53.9% 52.7%
Percentage of Scope 1 Emissions From  
White Paper Mills17 .0% 24.9% 27 .9% 35.6% 38.6%
Scope 2 GHG Emissions (location-based)million metric 
tons CO₂e1.08 1.22  1.28  1.34  1.38
Percentage of Scope 2 Emissions From  
Packaging Plants and Other15.7% 14.4% 13.4% 12.8% 12.1%
Percentage of Scope 2 Emissions From 
Containerboard Mills70.1% 64.8% 66.2% 59.1% 56.0%
Percentage of Scope 2 Emissions From  
White Paper Mills14.2% 20.8% 20.1% 28.0% 31.9%
Scope 3 GHG Emissionsmillion metric 
tons CO₂e1.04 1.16  1.10 - -
Percentage of Scope 3 Emissions From Upstream 84.3% 86.0% 59.2% - -
Percentage of Scope 3 Emissions From Downstream 15.7% 14.0% 37 .9% - -
T otal GHG Emissions (location-based) 3.88 4.41 4.32  3.18  3.32
T otal GHG Emissions (market-based) 4.15 - - - -
Biogenic CO 2 Emissionsmillion metric 
tons CO₂6.33 6.47  6.55 6.52 6.54
Nitrogen Oxides (NO x) Air Emissionsthousand 
metric tons6.0 6.6  6.4  6.4  6.7
Sulfur Dioxide (SO 2) Air Emissionsthousand 
metric tons2.1 1.5 1.4 2.0 1.9
Particulate Matter 10 (PM 10) Air Emissionsthousand 
metric tons1.0 1.6 - - -
Materials — Wood Fiber Sourcing
First-Use (virgin) Fiber Sourcedthousand 
green tons13,933 15,021  14,668  14,439  14,234
Percent by Weight of First-Use Fiber Certified Sourced 33% 30% 30% 32% 29%
Percent by Weight of First-Use Fiber PEFC  
Certified Sourced28% 26% 26% 27% 26%
Percent by Weight of First-Use Fiber FSC  
Certified Sourced5% 4% 4% 5% 3%
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
66
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixUnit of Measure 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Recovered Fiber Sourcedthousand 
tons994 1,053  1,083  1,013  967
Market Pulp Sourcedthousand 
tons18 6 4 5 4
PEFC Certified Product Sold, Corrugatedthousand 
tons206.3 174.9 167 .3 61.8 1 7.1
PEFC Certified Product Sold, White Paperthousand 
tons2 7.1 33.5 48.1 36.7 32.1
FSC Certified Product Sold, White Paperthousand 
tons72.2 116.5 126.6 95.2 61.4
T otal Certified Product Soldthousand 
tons305.6 324.9 342.0 193.7 110.6
Water and Effluents
T otal Water Withdrawn billion liters 270.8 273.9  280.3  288.2  283.5
Surface Water Withdrawn billion liters 197 .1 197 .0  197 .7  203.9  193.9
Percentage of Surface Water for Process 61.9% 59.4% 60.9% 59.8% 59.0%
Percentage of Surface Water for Cooling 37 .9% 40.4% 38.9% 40.0% 40.8%
Percentage of Surface Water for Potable 0.2% 0.2% 0.2% 0.2% 0.2%
Ground Water Withdrawn billion liters 72.0 74.3  79.3  83.8  8 7. 9
Percentage of Ground Water for Process 87 .1% 83.8% 85.5% 82.8% 84.7%
Percentage of Ground Water for Cooling 12.7% 15.9% 14.3% 16.9% 15.1%
Percentage of Ground Water for Potable 0.2% 0.3% 0.2% 0.3% 0.3%
Municipal Water Withdrawn billion liters 1.7 2.6 2.8  0.5  1.7
Water Consumptionliters/ton of 
production1,110 - - - -
T otal Water Discharges at Mills billion liters 270.5 271.9 252.4 270.0 268.8
Percent of Water Discharges at Mills From Cooling 24% 23% 17 .8% 27 .4% 24.9%
Percent of Water Discharges at Mills From Receiving 76% 77% 82.2% 72.6% 75.1%
Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD)lbs/ton of 
production1.54 1.38  1.88  1.69  1.65
T otal Suspended Solids (TSS)lbs/ton of 
production2.37 2.42  3.24  2.81  2.59
Waste
Process Waste Recycled or Beneficially Reusedthousand 
metric tons583.9 600.4 525.7 505.1 488.7
Process Waste to Landfillthousand 
metric tons250.2 198.1 237 .4 201.5 172.0
Hazardous Waste (disposed of by third party) metric tons 43.7 21.9 37 .3 21.7 -
T otal Process Wastethousand 
metric tons834.1 808.8 809.1 713.8  660.7
Communities
Cash Donationsdollars, in 
thousands$985 $3,726 $2,764 $1,319 -
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
67
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixUnit of Measure 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Economic Performance
Direct Economic Value Generated — Net Salesmillions of 
dollars$6,658.2  $6,964.3  $7 ,014.6 - -
Costs of Sales, Including Wagesmillions of 
dollars$(5,288.8)  $(5,320.3)  $(5,369.3) - -
Selling and Administrative Expensesmillions of 
dollars$(645.5)  $(590.3)  $(577 .6) - -
Payments to Providers of Capital — Interestmillions of 
dollars$(91.2)  $(136.7)  $(97 .2) - -
Payments to Providers of Capital — Dividendsmillions of 
dollars$(299.6)  $(298.7)  $(268.1) - -
Payments to Government — Income T axesmillions of 
dollars$(115.6)  $(172.7)  $(140.8) - -
T otal Economic Value Retainedmillions of 
dollars$217 .5  $445.6  $561.6 - -
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
68
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixGlossary
ADS Tons Air-Dried Short Tons. Pulp is generally reported as  
an air-dried product that is assumed to be 10% water and 90%  
dry pulp.
American Tree Farm System (ATFS) A group that works with 
private landowners to help them be effective stewards of forests.
Biogenic Carbon CO 2 emissions related to the natural carbon 
cycle, as well as those resulting from the combustion, harvest, 
digestion, fermentation, decomposition or processing of biologi-
cally based material.
Biogenic Fuel Fuel generated through the consumption of 
biomass. Generates biogenic carbon as opposed to the use of fossil 
fuels, which generates carbon that has long been removed from 
the natural carbon cycle (thus introducing additional carbon to 
the present day).
Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD) The amount of dissolved 
oxygen needed by aerobic biological organisms to break down 
organic material. Used to measure water quality.
Biomass Energy Energy derived by combusting fuel that is 
developed from organic material. In PCA’s case, pulping byprod-
ucts like black liquor solids and wood waste (bark, knots, etc.). 
Renewable source of energy.
Black Liquor The remaining water, after chemical reclamation 
processes, from kraft process pulping operations. Contains signif -
icant lignin and hemicelluloses. Typically processed to drive off 
water and to combust the biogenic material remaining to provide 
heat, steam and electricity to power mill processes.
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010  
Requires larger manufacturers and certain others that do business 
in California to publicly disclose their efforts to eradicate slavery  
and human trafficking from their supply chains.
Carbon Dioxide Equivalent (CO 2e) Measure used to compare 
emissions when fossil fuels such as coal, oil and gas are burned — 
in equivalence to the global warming potential of carbon dioxide.
Caustic Soda Sodium hydroxide, NaOH, a strong base used in 
pulping processes.
Chain of Custody A certification that connects materials or 
products back to their original source. In the case of forest prod-
ucts like PCA’s, it requires connecting and documenting sequential 
steps through the supply chain from the original procurement 
of fiber, whether from recycled or certified forests, through each 
subsequent stage of processing and distribution.
Containerboard Paperboard specifically made for the con-
struction of corrugated packaging (linerboard and corrugating 
medium). It is also used, to a lesser degree, in the manufacture  
of several other types of packaging.
Days Away Restricted or Transferred (DART) Refers to the 
number of recordable (human health and safety) incidents 
per 200,000 hours worked that resulted in workdays where the 
employee was assigned to a different task, restricted in their duties 
or transferred due to work-related injuries or illness.
Direct Emissions (Scope 1) Greenhouse gas emissions directly 
controlled by PCA.
Double-Lined Kraft (DLK) Corrugated scrap from box-making. 
Considered pre-consumer recycled material.“Dual-Chain” (Dual Chain of Custody) PCA’s sheet plants are 
certified to SFI® and PEFC and are thus described as dual chain of 
custody.
ECF (Elemental Chlorine Free) A method of bleaching wood 
fiber from its natural color to white in various brightness levels.
Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) U.S. law declaring the  
federal minimum wage and hour requirements for employees, 
along with overtime eligibility. It also divides employees into 
exempt and non-exempt (regarding eligibility for overtime pay).
Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) U.S. law that permits 
employees to take unpaid time away from work to address health 
and family matters.
First-Use (Fiber) Fiber that has been produced (pulped) directly 
from wood and is being used in its first “cycle” — prior to typically 
being recaptured and recycled back into fiber-based products like 
paper, containerboard, tissue and similar.
Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) An international sustainable 
forestry non-governmental organization, known for their volun-
tary standards on the topic. PCA has earned chain of custody and 
controlled wood certifications from FSC.
Fossil Fuel Fuels such as gas, oil, coal, petroleum, kerosene, 
propane, etc. Naturally found, finite resources used for energy 
production.
FSSC 22000 Food Safety System Certification 22000. Non- 
governmental organization that produces food safety standards, 
which are benchmarked and accepted by the Global Food Safety 
Initiative. Fastest-growing standards in terms of adoption in the 
U.S. and Europe. PCA’s full-line packaging operations are predom-
inantly certified to FSSC 22000.
Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) Initiative created by food 
industry and retail leaders to collaboratively drive continuous 
improvement in food safety management systems around  
the world.
Green Ton Weight of trees as they are harvested with full mois-
ture content, about 50% water weight.
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Gases like carbon dioxide, methane, 
nitrous oxide and chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) that absorb and 
emit radiant energy.
Indirect Emissions (Scope 2) Emissions from the consumption 
of purchased electricity, steam, energy, etc., generated upstream 
of, but purchased by, PCA.
International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)  
Considers itself the global authority on the status of the natural 
world and measures to safeguard it.
Kraft A paper- and paperboard-making process that utilizes 
cooking (rather than mechanical processes) to produce wood pulp 
from solid wood. Frequently used to produce high-strength paper 
and paperboard from softwood (coniferous) timber. Frequently 
employed to produce linerboard (the outer facings of corrugated 
fiberboard).
Linerboard Containerboard specifically produced to be utilized 
as an outer facing in corrugated fiberboard and packaging.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
69
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixLost Time Case Rate (LTCR) A mathematical calculation that 
describes the number of lost time cases per 100 full-time employ-
ees in any given timeframe.
Materiality Determination of that which is relevant or 
significant.
Metric Ton (Tonne) A unit of weight equal to 2,204 pounds or 
1,000 kilograms. Differentiated from a short ton, which is equal to 
2,000 pounds.
MRR Mandatory Reporting Regulation. EPA-issued regulations 
regarding mandatory reporting on GHG, defining what must be 
reported and by whom.
NatureServe A network of scientists who collect decision- 
quality data about species and ecosystems. Used by PCA to  
protect biodiversity-rich areas.
NO x Term used to refer to nitric oxide (NO) and nitrogen  
dioxide (NO 2) that are produced when fuel is burned. It can  
contribute to smog and have health implications.
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)  
U.S. Department of Labor group charged with ensuring safe  
and healthy working conditions for working men and women  
by setting and enforcing standards and by providing training,  
outreach, education and assistance.
Old Corrugated Containers (OCC) Used corrugated packaging 
that has been recaptured for purposes of recycling. OCC has a 
recapture rate of between 85% and 95% in the U.S.
Other Indirect Emissions (Scope 3) Greenhouse gas emissions 
occurring in the value chain, upon which PCA may have some 
influence, but limited control.
Particulate Matter (PM) Microscopic solid particles or liquid 
droplets found in the air. Can impact respiratory health and  
air quality.
Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification 
(PEFC) PEFC is an international sustainable forestry standard/ 
endorsement group and non-governmental organization. PEFC 
writes standards on the topic and recognizes other national or 
regional standards after benchmarking to their requirements.  
PCA has earned a chain of custody certificate from PEFC. PEFC 
recognizes and endorses SFI certification of fiber sourcing.
Renewable Resources Resources that can replenish themselves 
naturally over time, e.g., wood products.
Safe Quality Food (SQF) A food safety and quality program that 
produces food safety standards, several of which are benchmarked/
accepted by the Global Food Safety Initiative. PCA Marshfield is 
certified to SQF Level 2.
Semi-Chemical (Corrugating Medium) Containerboard specif -
ically produced to serve as corrugating medium (to be fluted and 
bonded into the center of a corrugated sheet). Produced with a 
combination of mechanical and chemical cooking processes.
Short Ton (Net Ton) A unit of weight equal to 2,000 pounds. 
Differentiated from the long (gross) ton, which is equal to 1,000 
kilograms, or 2,240 pounds. 
SO 2 Sulfur dioxide is formed when fuels like oil and coal are 
burned. In sufficient concentrations, its presence can lead to the 
acidification of water and soil.
Stakeholder An individual or entity that has a concern or inter -
est in a business.Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Provides 
sustainability accounting standards. Controlled by a foundation, 
chaired by Michael Bloomberg from 2014–2018.
Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) SFI is a North American 
non-governmental organization that supports sustainable forestry 
and writes standards on the subject. PCA has the chain of custody 
and several sourcing certifications.
Terminations Employees who have voluntarily or involuntarily 
left employment in the reporting year.
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 Federal law that prohib-
its employers from discriminating against employees on the basis 
of sex, race, color, national origin and religion.
Total Case Rate (TCR), officially, Total Incidence Rate (TIR)  
A mathematical calculation that describes the number of employ-
ees per 100 full-time employees who have suffered an injury or 
illness requiring medical treatment.
Total Suspended Solids (TSS) The dry weight of suspended  
particles that do not dissolve in water. These can be separated 
using a filter. Used to measure water quality.
“Triple-Chain” (Triple Chain of Custody) PCA’s mills and plants 
that are certified to all three sustainable forestry standards (SFI, 
PEFC and FSC) and are thus commonly referred to as triple chain 
of custody.
Turnover Percentage of employees who have voluntarily or 
involuntarily left employment in the reporting year.
Vertically Integrated A strategy and corporate architecture 
where a company owns and operates several operations or entities 
in order to manufacture from raw materials to finished/offered 
products. PCA is a vertically integrated packaging and paper 
company.
WARN Act Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act 
of 1988. A U.S. labor law that protects employees by requiring 
employers to provide advance notice of closings and mass layoffs.
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
70
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixList of Referenced Sources
PCA Source Material
Annual Report:   
http://ir.packagingcorp.com/financial-information/annual-reports
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct:   
https://www.packagingcorp.com/filebin/pdf/PCA_Code_of_Ethics.pdf 
Employee Benefits Plans:   
http://ir.packagingcorp.com/static-files/684037b0-cc3b-4d62-b13f-
5915924d861b & http://ir.packagingcorp.com/static-files/
c3d69244-fb3e-4856-bff7-3809918fe4e3
Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action:   
https://www.packagingcorp.com/filebin/pdf/Employment/
EqualEmploymentOpportunityandAffirmativeAction.pdf
Executive Ethics:   
https://www.packagingcorp.com/filebin/pdf/Executive_Ethics.pdf
Expectations of Our Suppliers:   
www.packagingcorp.com/doing-business-with-pca  & www.packagingcorp.
com/supplier-expectations 
Nominating and Governance Committee Charter:   
https://www.packagingcorp.com/filebin/pdf/Nominating_and_Governance_
Committee_Charter.pdf
Office Paper Product Finder:   
http://bph.boisepaper.com/product/
Safe Practices for Outside Contractors:   
https://www.packagingcorp.com/safe-practices-for-contractors 
Statement Regarding California Transparency  
in Supply Chains Act:   
https://www.packagingcorp.com/
california-transparency-in-supply-chains-act
Supplier Diversity Statement:   
https://www.packagingcorp.com/supplier-diversity-statement
Sustainability:   
www.packagingcorp.com/sustainability
Terms and Conditions for the Purchase of Wood Fiber Goods:  
www.packagingcorp.com/addendum-for-wood-fiber-goodsExternal Reference Material
AF&PA Printing & Writing Papers LCA:   
https://afandpa.org/docs/default-source/default-document-library/
printing-and-writing-lca-report.pdf?sfvrsn=850b2165_0
American Forest & Paper Association Better Practices,  
Better Planet 2020:   
https://afandpa.org/sustainability 
Corrugated LCA:   
https://www.corrugated.org/corrugated-life-cycle-assessment/
Fiber Cycle Technical Document, Metafore:   
https://twosidesna.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/16/2018/05/Metafore_-_
The_Fiber_Cycle_T echnical_Document_Summary_Report_2006.pdf, https://
www.ncasi.org/resource/update-to-the-fiber-cycle-technical-document/
Forest Resources of the United States, 2017:   
https://www.fs.usda.gov/treesearch/pubs/57903
Forestry Best Management Practices:   
https://www.stateforesters.org/bmps/
FSC U.S. Controlled Wood National Risk Assessment:   
https://us.fsc.org/en-us/certification/controlled-wood/
fsc-us-controlled-wood-national-risk-assessment-us-nra
Global Slavery Index:   
https://www.globalslaveryindex.org/2018/findings/highlights/
McKinsey Global Institute, January 2020,  
Climate Risk and Response Report:   
https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/sustainability/our-insights/
climate-risk-and-response-physical-hazards-and-socioeconomic-impacts#
National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) Report  
June 2013:  https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy13osti/56290.pdf
NCASI Water Profile of the U.S. Forest Products Industry:   
https://www.ncasi.org/resource/
water-profile-of-the-us-forest-products-industry/
NCASI Water Recycle Tool:   
https://www.ncasi.org/resource/ncasi-water-recycle-tool/
Numera Analytics
Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification 
(PEFC):  pefc.org/
Recycling & Use of Old Corrugated Containers (OCC):   
https://www.paperrecycles.org/statistics/
recovery-use-of-old-corrugated-containers-(occ) 
Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI):   
www.forests.org/
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD):  
https://www.fsb-tcfd.org/ 
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
71
2020 PCA Responsibility Report appendixappendixExternal Reference Material (continued)
The State of the World’s Forests 2020, Food and Agriculture 
Organization of the United Nations:   
http://www.fao.org/state-of-forests/en/
Toxics in Packaging Clearinghouse, CONEG:   
https://toxicsinpackaging.org/the-clearinghouse/
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Paper Manufacturing Industry:  
https://www.bls.gov/iag/tgs/iag322.htm 
U.S. Drought Monitor:   
https://droughtmonitor.unl.edu/
U.S. EIA (Energy Information Administration)  
Household Energy Consumption:   
https://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=97&t=3 
World Bank Forest Area:   
https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/AG.LND.FRST.ZS
World Economic Forum, January 2020,  
The Global Risks Report 2020:   
https://www.weforum.org/reports/the-global-risks-report-2020 
World Resources Institute. Aqueduct 3.0 — Updated  
Decision-Relevant Global Water Risk Indicators:   
https://www.wri.org/publication/aqueduct-30
World Resources Institute. The Greenhouse Gas Protocol —  
A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard,  
Revised Edition:   
https://www.wri.org/publication/greenhouse-gas-protocol 
World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Water Risk Filter 5.0:   
https://waterriskfilter.panda.org/ 
“Industry Benchmarks” and “Industry T argets” used  
in the “Goals” section of this report are from the   
AF&PA Sustainability Report, 2018:   
https://www.afandpa.org/docs/default-source/default-document-
library/2018sustainabilityreport_pages.pdf?sfvrsn=2
v1.0_20210630
NEXT BACK LAST PAGE VIEWED CONTENTS
When you choose Packaging Corporation of America, you work with people who do  
the right things for each other and for our customers. We believe in utilizing the power 
of strong collaborative relationships, bound by the trust we have earned, to deliver 
innovative paper and packaging solutions and an outstanding service experience.
© 2021 Packaging Corporation of America. All rights reserved.Packaging Corporation of America
1 North Field Court, Lake Forest, Illinois 60045
(800) 456-4725
www.packagingcorp.comnatural collaborative strategic renewable prepared resilient unified innovative recyclable adaptive empowered essential sustainable principled