 21
Sustainability   
Report
HIGH MARGINS   
ZERO CAPITAL  
CARBON NEUTRAL
TSX  | PSK
B         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Table  of   
Contents
Message to our Stakeholders 1
About PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 2
About our Report 6
Our Approach to Corporate Responsibility 9
Governance 12
Environment 25
Social 46
Performance Summary Table 58
GRI, SASB and WEF Index 62
Carbon neutral on the cover of this report refers to scope 1 and 
scope 2 emissions. For more information see pages 28 and 59 of 
this report as well as our PwC Assurance Statement located on 
our website.
1         
Message to our
Stakeholders
When looking back on 2021, the word that best 
describes our business and community is resilient.
We entered 2021 with uncertainty as communities around the world responded to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. As we progressed through 2021, governments and health organizations 
advanced programs to mitigate against COVID-19, progressively re-opening the communities 
where we work and live. We are thankful that staff and their families remained safe and we 
were pleased to welcome all of our staff back to our office in 2022.
2021 was a very active year for PrairieSky. We completed 
just under $1 billion in royalty acquisitions which we believe 
enhance our business today and in the future. As we noted 
in our message last year, the challenges brought forward by 
the COVID-19 pandemic have highlighted the importance of 
building a business that has sustainability criteria embedded 
within the corporate strategy. We have continued to invest in 
low-cost oil and natural gas projects and to participate in energy 
transition projects that have high potential to positively impact 
both Canada and the world, including carbon sequestration, 
mineral exploitation for use in transition technologies and early-
stage hydrogen development. These types of projects will be 
instrumental in advancing to a lower carbon global economy. 
With climate change influencing economic and energy policies 
globally, we strongly believe that the Canadian energy industry 
can play an important role in providing resources to the world 
in a safe and responsible manner. The need for reliable and 
responsible energy has been further highlighted through social, 
political and military conflicts in several parts of the world 
which are causing supply disruption, including the current 
military conflict in Ukraine. We are proud to work in Canada, 
a jurisdiction that is a global leader for protection of the 
environment, good governance and human rights.
We own our fee simple mineral title in perpetuity and 
understand the importance of responsible development on our 
properties. To successfully execute our strategy, we maintain 
a sustainable business approach that ensures our lands are 
developed ethically and responsibly while prioritizing the environment. To meet these objectives, we take care to select 
business partners that demonstrate leadership within our 
industry and share our core values of integrity and respect. 
We perform ongoing monitoring of counterparty performance 
utilizing our robust leasing framework and compliance 
processes.  All of our royalty properties are in Canada where 
both federal and provincial jurisdictions are highly regulated. 
We work collaboratively with the energy and environmental 
regulators across all levels of government to ensure compliance 
as well as to advance projects in a responsible manner for the 
benefit of future generations of stakeholders. 
We continue to promote and advance diversity and inclusion in 
our business. We are proud to have strong female leadership at 
the Board, Executive and Senior Management levels.  
Our workforce is 71% women, including 83% of our managers 
and 33% of our executive team. In 2021, we increased the female 
representation on our Board to 33% (38% of independent 
directors) with the appointment of Leanne Bellegarde, QC. In 
addition, we provided diversity and inclusion training to all staff 
in 2021 and expect this to be an ongoing part of our internal 
training into the future.
James Estey  Andrew Phillips  
Chairman of the Board President & Chief Executive Officer
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
2         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. About
PrairieSky Royalty Ltd.
PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. is a pure-play royalty company with the largest independently-
owned portfolio of fee simple mineral title and oil and gas royalty interests in Canada. 
Our royalty properties span Western Canada with 9.8 million acres of fee simple 
mineral title lands and 8.5 million acres of gross overriding royalty interests in Alberta, 
Saskatchewan, British Columbia and Manitoba. We are focused on encouraging third 
parties to actively develop our royalty properties at no incremental cost or expense to 
PrairieSky and we receive royalty revenues as petroleum and natural gas are produced 
from our over 18 million acres of royalty properties. We do not directly conduct operations 
to explore for, develop or produce petroleum, natural gas or other minerals.
Alberta Saskatchewan Manitoba
British  
Columbia
PrairieSky Land PrairieSky Royalty PropertiesReturns to Shareholders
Total Revenue
Funds from Operations
Returned to ShareholdersMay 29, 2014 - December 31, 20212.0
1.5
1.0
0.0
-$ billions
IPOPrairieSky's common shares trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange 
under the symbol PSK. Since PrairieSky's initial public offering 
on May 29, 2014 to December 31, 2021, PrairieSky has generated 
$2.0 billion in revenues which we have converted to funds from 
operations of $1.7 billion, while returning over $1.2 billion to 
shareholders in dividends and approximately $250 million in 
share repurchases. PrairieSky currently pays a quarterly dividend 
of $0.12 per share or $0.48 per share annually.
PSK
PrairieSky’s common 
shares trade on the 
Toronto Stock  
Exchange under the 
symbol PSK.

3         
 2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 3         
Our Competitive Advantage
PrairieSky offers several competitive advantages for operators as 
compared to leasing Crown (government) lands, the other major 
owner of mineral interests in Western Canada. We work with lessees 
to determine the appropriate leasing arrangement, can enter into 
leases on a shorter turnaround time and can customize the term, 
royalty and capital commitments depending on the specific play 
type and associated economics. This allows for mutually beneficial 
arrangements with much shorter cycle times than going through a 
public auction for Crown lands and provides lessees with certainty 
around their development schedules.
PrairieSky offers lessees access to our extensive technical expertise, 
including the geological and geophysical interpretations and drilling 
prospects we have generated internally across our vast land base. 
PrairieSky has seismic data available over much of our land, which 
we can provide to lessees to identify prospects and support the 
execution of their exploration and drilling programs.The Royalty Business Model
PrairieSky leases mineral rights to third parties. These third parties 
assume all costs and liabilities related to drilling and producing 
the resources including PrairieSky's entitlement to a share of the 
oil and gas production in the form of a royalty. PrairieSky does not 
conduct any drilling operations and is not responsible for making 
any capital or other expenditures with respect to operations on our 
properties, including those related to abandoning oil and gas wells 
and infrastructure and reclaiming lands. Zero 
Capital 
Zero Oil & Gas 
Operations
Zero 
Environmental 
Liabilities
Carbon Neutral 
Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions

4         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. How PrairieSky
Creates Value for Stakeholders
Fair remuneration
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Rewarding work
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Inclusive and safe 
workplace
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Career progression 
based on merit and 
performance without 
discrimination
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Flexible work 
arrangements No direct oil and gas 
operations
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Pre-screening of 
operators for financial, 
operational, and 
reputational criteria
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Contractual obligation 
around good operating 
practices and compliance 
with the highest global 
standards
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Leases incorporate 
stringent environmental 
requirements, including 
those relating to ongoing 
reduction of methane 
and other greenhouse gas 
(“GHG”) emissions
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Our worksite is 
exclusively limited to a 
single office locationBusiness culture and 
practices to ensure strong 
corporate citizenship and 
social purpose
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Employee engagement in 
community investment 
and volunteer initiatives
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Giving back to 
communities and 
stakeholders
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Due diligence and 
ongoing monitoring 
ensure targeted 
investment outcomes 
are metTimely negotiations of 
leasing arrangements on 
available land
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Mutually beneficial 
business approach to 
leasing
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Access to one of the 
largest seismic databases 
in Canada
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Availability of technical 
expertise and exploration 
and development 
prospectsInvestment in the oil 
and gas industry with a 
differentiated and lower 
risk profile
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
No capital expenditures, 
operational costs or 
environmental liabilities
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Return of cash flow 
through dividends and 
share repurchases
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Exposure to all resource 
plays with commodity, 
geographical and 
operator diversificationShareholders Lessees /  
OperatorsEmployees Environment  
& SafetyCommunities/
Society
4         
5         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Material Topics
The topics and content of PrairieSky’s Sustainability Report were determined through a materiality(1) assessment of environmental, 
social and governance (“ESG”) topics. Materiality was determined by assessing both the direct and indirect financial and/or business 
impacts to PrairieSky, with the indirect impact primarily through third-party operators on PrairieSky lands. PrairieSky engages with 
various stakeholder groups, which include shareholders, third-party operators, employees, provincial regulators, not-for-profits 
and other organizations in the communities where we have business interests. This engagement informs our business strategy and 
approach to ESG. We review our materiality assessment annually to evaluate and confirm priorities. Material topics are managed 
through policies, commitments, targets and initiatives which are described throughout our Sustainability Report and evaluated 
annually through our Enterprise Risk Management program and Board review process.
ESG  
DimensionGeneral  
Issue CategoryDirect Impact 
to PSKIndirect  
Impact to PSK  
(Third-Party Operators)
EnvironmentClimate Change & Energy Transition
GHG Emissions
Air Quality
Water Management
Land Use & Biodiversity
Social Human Rights
Diversity and Inclusion
Health and Safety
Cyber Security
Human Capital
GovernanceCorporate Governance & Risk Management
Business Ethics
Community Investment
(1)  Materiality used in the context of our Sustainability Report is based on the Global Reporting Initiative's definition which includes topics "that reflect a reporting organization’s significant 
economic, environmental and social impacts; or that substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders" . This definition of materiality differs from financial materiality, 
used in our financial disclosures.
We report on certain environmental metrics that are not currently considered material to PrairieSky as a pure-play royalty company, 
such as our greenhouse gas emissions and water use. We report on these items to provide comparability to other businesses in the 
oil and gas industry. We also report these metrics because even though our direct environmental footprint is small, we want to make 
changes where possible to reduce it through changes in behaviour and/or investing in offsetting our impact. 
6         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Our Sustainability Report focuses on material governance, 
environmental and social topics that are impactful to our 
Company and to our stakeholders. About our Report
To prepare our report, we developed 
a list of corporate sustainability topics 
using global reporting frameworks, 
industry guidance, peer reports, 
third-party environmental, social 
and governance survey questions, 
common PrairieSky investor questions 
and feedback from investors. Our 
reporting has evolved over time as 
we have engaged with stakeholders, 
interested parties, third-party advisors 
and relevant advisory bodies to 
enhance disclosures of topics which 
are important to our stakeholders and 
relevant to our business. We expect this 
evolution to continue into the future as 
we move forward with initiatives and as 
reporting requirements advance.  
Scope and Reporting Period
>  Unless otherwise noted, the scope of information covered 
in this report relates to PrairieSky's operations and 
quantitative performance for the calendar year ended 
December 31, 2021. When relevant and available, historical 
data is provided for 2019 and 2020. Prior to the launch of 
our 2021 Sustainability Report, our most recent report was 
for the calendar year ended December 31, 2020. We publish 
a Sustainability Report on an annual basis and all reports 
are available on our website. (In prior years, we have used 
the term Responsibility Report.)
Third-Party Review and Assurance
> PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) performed a limited 
assurance engagement on select performance indicators 
which are noted on pages 58-61. The results of PwC’s limited 
assurance engagement are documented in an assurance 
statement available in the Responsibility section of our website.
7         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Reporting Frameworks
We used a number of reporting frameworks to identify 
material sustainability factors to be included in this report. The 
frameworks included: 
>  This report has been prepared in accordance with the Core 
option of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards . 
In some cases, indicators suggested by the standard are 
not applicable, or the information is considered to be 
competitive and is therefore not disclosed. The GRI index is 
available starting on page 62.
>  This report has been prepared using the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  Oil & Gas – 
Exploration & Production Industry Standard. The SASB index 
is available starting on page 62. In some cases, indicators 
suggested by the standards are not applicable, or the 
information is considered to be competitive and is therefore 
not disclosed.
>  This report contains certain World Economic Forum (WEF)  
core and expanded metrics and disclosures. The WEF index 
is available starting on page 62.
>  Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure 
(TCFD)  recommendations are included in this report, 
with additional disclosure in our Task Force on Climate-
Related Financial Disclosures Report (TCFD Report). This 
Sustainability Report should be read in conjunction with our 
TCFD Report.
>  United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)  – We have 
included references to the UNGC’s Principles on Human 
Rights, Labour, Environment and Anti-Corruption; and 
the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals. Our 
UNGC Communication on Progress is available in this report 
starting on page 76.
As the standards evolve, so will our reporting on the topics 
covered. We are committed to consistently improving our 
disclosure for stakeholders and support efforts to provide 
consistent and comparable sustainability performance data.Other Reporting Data
>  The terms PrairieSky, PSK, we, our, us and the Company refer 
to PrairieSky Royalty Ltd.
> Financial data is in Canadian dollars; environmental data, 
unless otherwise stated, is in metric units; and production data 
is in "BOE" or barrels of oil equivalent. 
For further information regarding production or reserves, 
including defined or industry terms, please refer to our Annual 
Information Form for the calendar year ended December 31, 
2021 which is available on our website www.prairiesky.com.
>  All of PrairieSky’s operations are in Canada.
>  Unless noted, data does not cover contract service 
providers or temporary employees given they represent an 
insignificant portion of our staff and are typically on short 
duration arrangements.
>  This report does not include quantitative performance for 
third parties such as lessees or operators, but it does include 
relevant qualitative commentaries regarding third parties.
>  Senior management and relevant staff have reviewed all 
information and believe it is an accurate representation of our 
performance.
>  For further information on PrairieSky’s financial 
performance, please refer to PrairieSky’s Annual 
Management Discussion and Analysis and PrairieSky's 
Annual Consolidated Financial Statements which are 
available on our website www.prairiesky.com.
8         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 8         Global  Pandemic
PrairieSky implemented our business continuity plan in March 2020 
in response to the World Health Organization declaring COVID-19 a  
global pandemic. Throughout the pandemic, the health and safety 
of our staff has been our priority. As part of our response, our staff 
were directed to work from home throughout most of 2020 and 2021.  
Our investment in information technology and data management 
systems ensured that the remote work environment was effective 
and our business continued to operate without interruption. 
We are very proud of our team of professionals and their capacity to 
adapt and respond to a dynamic situation. Alongside government 
and public health officials, we actively monitor COVID-19 and follow 
all public health directives with the continued health and safety of 
our team and their families being our priority.
Following the challenges of 2020 when COVID-19 dramatically 
impacted the oil and gas industry with reduced demand and 
over supply resulting in lower oil pricing, 2021 showed a marked 
improvement. Throughout the year, supply and demand 
fundamentals improved with commodity prices exceeding pre-
pandemic levels. Third-party activity on our royalty properties 
increased in 2021 with the industry in Canada continuing to 
advance ESG initiatives with the priority of providing safe and 
reliable energy to the world. 
Our first 
priority is  
the health 
and safety of 
our staff and 
their families .
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
9         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 9         
Our approach to  
Corporate  
Responsibility
Our commitment
We are committed to 
operating in an economically, 
socially and environmentally 
sustainable manner. 
We conduct our business responsibly by 
actively managing risk, collaborating with 
our business partners and service providers 
to ensure alignment on best practices, 
proactively taking steps to minimize our 
impact on the environment, and upholding 
the highest standards of governance and 
ethics which we believe will support long-
term value creation and shareholder returns.PrairieSky’s sustainability framework reports 
on material items related to ESG topics and 
how those topics affect our stakeholders with 
the following objectives:
Governance
To act ethically and manage our business efficiently 
with the goal of long-term value creation.
To appropriately manage risks throughout the entire 
life of our assets by carefully selecting operators on 
our lands and ensuring adherence to contractual 
provisions, regulatory requirements and industry best 
practices.
Social
To provide a safe, inclusive and respectful workplace 
that fosters equal opportunities for employees based 
on merit and without discrimination.
To invest and build partnerships in the communities 
where we live and work. To reduce our environmental footprint, and to 
actively manage our extensive land holdings.
To actively look for opportunities to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions through participation 
in lower-carbon energy projects, including carbon 
sequestration and blue hydrogen projects.EnvironmentOur  
Sustainability 
Framework
9         

10         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. We are committed to continually enhancing our corporate 
responsibility performance and programs.
In the chart below, we provide an update on the initiatives we undertook in 2021.
Initiative Progress Status
Further understand the financial 
risk from climate change through scenario 
analysis.Undertook incremental climate scenario analysis to assess both 
transition and physical risks and opportunities using three contrasting 
climate futures: a Deep Decarbonization scenario to limit global 
warming to 1.5°C, a Moderate Mitigation scenario which reflects 
a global warming trajectory of 2.6°C and a Powering On scenario 
reflecting the most recent global warming trajectory. 
Initiated work to create an inventory 
of Scope 3 emissionsThe purpose of the project is to understand full cycle and third-party 
downstream Scope 3 emissions related to our business.
Continue to advance disclosures including 
continually monitoring updates to TCFD, 
SASB, ISSB, WEF and GRI reporting.Disclosures consistently updated and include climate scenario 
analysis as noted above.
Provide training and educational 
opportunities for staff and the Board.Mandatory training is provided annually to staff on the Business Code 
of Conduct, Diversity and Inclusion, Cyber Security and Health and 
Safety. Educational opportunities for the Board through third-party 
presentations on ESG and specific subset information occur regularly.
Embed ESG initiatives within all aspects of 
our business and strategy.Incorporated sustainability-linked performance criteria into our 
third-party credit facility. Sustainability performance is independently 
measured through the Sustainalytics’ management score on an annual  
basis. The credit facility includes a pricing feature whereby the Company  
may incur positive or negative pricing adjustments on drawn and 
undrawn balances based on changes to the management score.Continuous Improvement
Initiative Progress Status
  Completed    Ongoing
>  Advancing our climate scenario analysis 
and working towards adding quantitative 
measures in the future;
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
>  Creating an initial inventory of our 
Scope 3 emissions;
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
>  Continuing to advance disclosures identified 
by the Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) as relevant to long-term 
value creation;>  Continuing to monitor Supplier Code of 
Conduct process;
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
>  Monitoring regulatory reporting changes 
contemplated in Canada; and
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
>  Continued delivery of Board and organization-
wide education strategy for environmental, 
social and governance matters.Looking Forward
In 2022, we are committed to the following initiatives:
10         
11         
As a member of the UNGC, PrairieSky, along with businesses around the world, are working towards 
universal long-term prosperity. To that end, we support the 17 UN Sustainable Development Goals 
which mobilize efforts to end all forms of poverty, fight inequalities and tackle climate change. We 
continually review our business strategy and our commitment to sustainability to ensure we are 
contributing to these goals. Below are the goals which we identified as being the most relevant to 
PrairieSky in 2021. 
The UN Sustainable Development Goals Our 2021 Progress 
SDG Target 3.8: Achieve universal health 
coverage, including financial risk protection, 
access to quality essential health-care 
services and access to safe, effective, quality 
and affordable essential medicines and 
vaccines for all.PrairieSky provides employees and their families access to our Employee and Family 
Assistance Program and an extensive Company paid benefit program to support physical 
and mental health needs across an exhaustive spectrum of potential requirements. In 2021 
and as part of our response to COVID-19, we added incremental coverage under the benefits 
plan to specifically access qualified paramedical practitioners of psychology services, 
including psychologists, social workers, and family therapists, clinical counsellors, and 
psychotherapists.
We also provide short-term and long-term disability insurance, paid and unpaid leaves of 
absences, maternity and paternity paid leave, vision and dental coverage and spousal and 
dependent support programs. 
PrairieSky provides flexible work arrangements and hours as our staff adapt to the 
challenges of COVID-19.
See pages 47-50 of this report.
SDG Target 4.3: Ensure equal access for all 
women and men to affordable and quality 
technical, vocational and tertiary education, 
including university.PrairieSky supports all staff to advance their education by providing financial support for 
educational opportunities. PrairieSky also has a scholarship program for family members to 
provide financial support for post-secondary education.
See page 49 of this report.
SDG Target 5.5: Ensure women’s full 
and effective participation and equal 
opportunities for leadership at all levels of 
decision-making in political, economic and 
public life.
SDG Target 5.c: Adopt and strengthen 
sound policies and enforceable legislation 
for the promotion of gender equality and the 
empowerment of all women and girls at all 
levels.Inclusion and diversity are important to us. Our PrairieSky team is 71% women and includes 
a leadership team which is 83% women managers, and one of our three executives is a 
woman.
In 2021, PrairieSky implemented a gender diversity target for independent women directors 
of a minimum of 30% by 2025. In 2021, we exceeded this target when Leanne Bellegarde, QC, 
was appointed to the Board of Directors. Leanne is from the Treaty 4 area in Saskatchewan 
and is a proud member of the Peepeekisis First Nation.
See pages 19, 50 and 59 of this report.
SDG Target 8.1: Sustain per capita economic 
growth in accordance with national 
circumstances and, in particular, at least 7 
per cent gross domestic product growth per 
annum in the least developed countries.PrairieSky contributes to the local community by providing jobs and business development. 
Employment helps create economic growth, and as a profitable business, PrairieSky also 
contributes to our community through corporate income tax. We invest in education and 
training of our employees, developing talent and providing advancement opportunities. 
See pages 52 and 60-61 of this report.
SDG Target 13.2: Integrate climate change 
measures into national policies, strategies 
and planning.We are working towards lowering our GHG emissions by supporting renewable energy 
projects and promoting energy efficiency and transition opportunities across our land 
base. We are committed to reducing our carbon footprint and have set an absolute target to 
reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions by 50% in 2025.
We are working with third‐ party operators to provide leasing terms to support the 
economics of CO2 sequestration projects including participating in the Meadowbrook  
CCUS Hub Project. 
We are reporting on climate risk and providing Task Force on Climate‐ Related  
Financial Disclosures.
See pages 27-29, and 39-40 of this report.United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
11         2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
12         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Governance
of ESG
Topics in this section
Governance and Oversight 13
Industry Advocacy 21
Our Relationship With Operators 21
Managing Existing Relationships  
with Operators 23PrairieSky is committed to the  
highest standards of corporate 
governance. Our leadership team 
guides our efforts to ensure alignment 
with stakeholders. 
Detailed information on our governance  
practices and policies can be found  
in our Information Circular and  
Proxy Statement. 
13         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Governance and Oversight
Our Board of Directors has oversight of ESG issues which includes climate-change related 
risks and opportunities. PrairieSky’s management is responsible for identifying principal 
risks, which include both transition and physical climate-change risks, through the 
Company’s Enterprise Risk Management Program. We use our corporate risk register to 
conduct sensitivity analysis, assess potential implications and identify risk mitigation 
measures to limit or reduce risk and potential liabilities to an acceptable level. In many 
cases, our risk process helps us identify and assess new opportunities for the business 
which can add value over time. Our corporate risk register is reviewed regularly and is 
updated to adapt to changing conditions. At the Board’s scheduled quarterly meetings, 
various topics are discussed, such as emerging risks, industry trends, technical updates, 
strategic opportunities, and corporate goals and strategies. At least annually, all risks are 
reviewed, and principal risks re-evaluated. Oversight of our Enterprise Risk Management 
program and corporate risk register rests with the Board of Directors which ensures 
alignment with our overall business strategy.
Within PrairieSky, organizational responsibility flows from the Board to our President and 
CEO, and throughout the Company through the executive officers. Our governance structure  
has aligned ESG performance criteria to executive compensation, ensuring strategic 
decision-making is tied to sustainability which is further discussed in our Information 
Circular and Proxy Statement. The table below describes the executive framework and the 
corporate allocation of responsibility for ESG and climate-related matters.
13         >  Board Chair and Board of Directors are committed to our 
ESG strategy and outcomes with oversight responsibility>  Governance and Compensation Committee measures 
annual ESG performance criteria tied to annual and 
long-term compensation of Executives.
Managers
Guide team efforts on ESG initiatives
Staff
Contribute individually to team efforts on ESG initiativesPresident and CEO 
Accountable to the Board for ESG initiatives  (strategy, implementation, progress)Board Chair & Board of Directors  
Governance and Compensation Committee 
COO                                                                                   CFO
Responsible for ESG and sustainability matters and overseeing efforts to meet corporate objectives, 
including reporting initiatives and investor requests.
>  Responsible for Enterprise Risk Management program
>  Responsible for collecting and reporting on ESG and 
sustainability performance
>  Responsible for sustainability-linked credit facility>  Responsible for governance of broader ESG topics and 
advancing corporate ESG agenda
>  Responsible for operational implementation and 
execution of ESG specific matters, including alignment 
with contracting framework and counterparties
The executive reports on ESG matters to the Board on a quarterly basis. These reports include 
updates on priorities and progress including, governance and compliance updates, changes to 
legal frameworks and best practices, sustainability initiatives and community investment. Our 
responsibility matrix reflects our commitment to ESG and presents the tone at the top. Detailed 
information on our management of climate-related risks can be found in our TCFD Report 2021.  
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
14         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Board Composition & Independence
PrairieSky has adopted mandates, position descriptions and policies that are intended 
to meet or exceed the governance standards set out under applicable laws and by 
shareholder advisory groups. Detailed disclosure is provided in our Information 
Circular and Proxy Statement along with Board level and subject matter specific 
policies on our website.
PrairieSky’s priority is to have a Board comprised of directors who are well informed, 
diverse in background, experienced, and independent from management. Based on 
applicable laws and governance best practices, eight of nine Board members, including 
the Chair of the Board, are considered independent(1). Our President and CEO is the only 
non-independent Board member. Our directors have diverse backgrounds with a variety 
of expertise as shown in the skills matrix provided on page 44 of our Information Circular 
and Proxy Statement .
Our Board has three standing committees which are responsible for carrying out certain aspects of the Board's mandate. The 
Board, not a specific committee, has oversight responsibility for material risks, including environmental and social risks. Each 
Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors. Standing Board Committees' MandatesBoard of Directors
Audit 
CommitteeGovernance and 
Compensation CommitteeReserves  
CommitteeBoard Mandate
(1) PrairieSky abides by the definition of independence as provided by the National Instrument 58-101 – Disclosure of Corporate Governance 
Practices (as implemented by the Canadian Securities Administrators). See page 77 for the full definition of independence.

15         2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Shareholder Engagement 
Our Board believes in the importance of engaging in constructive communication with 
our shareholders as it can provide valuable insight to assist the Board in maintaining the 
high standards of governance to which the Board is committed. Discussions are intended 
to be an exchange of views on governance and disclosure and only matters that are in the 
public domain will be discussed. Our Shareholder Engagement Policy can be found on 
our website and disclosure of shareholder engagement activities during 2021 and related 
outcomes are described on pages 32-36 of our Information Circular and Proxy Statement. 
Executive Compensation 
PrairieSky’s executive compensation framework focuses on pay-for-performance with 73 
to 84 per cent of executive compensation “at-risk” . On average 61 per cent of executive 
total compensation is deferred for a minimum three-year period, the ultimate value of 
which is measured against stringent criteria, including performance against ESG goals. 
We believe this aligns management’s actions with PrairieSky’s core values, corporate 
objectives and the long-term interests of shareholders. All of PrairieSky’s employees are 
also shareholders, with executive management investing a substantial portion of their net 
worth in PrairieSky shares. As at December 31, 2021, PrairieSky’s President and CEO held 
common shares valued at over 19 times his annual salary. We provide shareholders with 
a “Say on Pay” advisory vote at our annual general meeting (“AGM”). This non-binding 
vote on executive compensation provides shareholders with the opportunity to vote 
for or against our executive compensation approach. At our 2022 AGM, 91.8 per cent of 
votes were cast in favour of the “Say on Pay” resolution in line with 2021 when 93.3 per 
cent of votes were cast in favour. Our executive compensation practices are outlined in 
our Information Circular and Proxy Statement which, along with all plan documents, are 
available on our website at www.prairiesky.com.
16         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Governance Practices 2019 2020 2021
Board Independence 7 of 8 7 of 8 8 of 9
Separate Board Chair and CEO Yes Yes Yes
Independent Board Chair Yes Yes Yes
Annual Board Evaluation Process Yes Yes Yes
Average Meeting Attendance 96% 100% 100%
Annual Election of Directors Yes Yes Yes
Majority Voting Policy Yes Yes Yes
Average Age of Directors(1)59.5 60.5 60.7
Average Director Tenure(1)3.7 years 4.7 years 5.1 years
Women Directors 2 2 3
Board Diversity Target(2) 
Target Met (Yes/No)25% 
Yes25% 
Yesover 30%  
Yes
Share Ownership RequirementsDirectors, Officers & 
Senior StaffDirectors, Officers 
& Senior StaffDirectors, 
Officers & Senior 
Staff
Anti-Hedging Policy Yes Yes Yes
Say on Pay(3)Yes Yes Yes
Shareholder Approval for Approach to Executive Compensation 98.6% 93.3% 91.8%
Clawback Policy Yes Yes Yes
(1) Average tenure determined as of December 31, 2021. Average age of Directors is based on information disclosed in the Information Circular and 
Proxy Statement prepared for the Annual General Meeting held on April 19, 2022. 
(2) In 2021, the Board adopted a 30% gender diversity target by 2025. PrairieSky exceeded this target in 2021. Please see Board Diversity on page 19.
(3) Results of voting at the April 19, 2022 Annual General Meeting and two prior Annual General Meetings.

17         
Ethical Business Practices  
and Related Corporate Policies
PrairieSky has the following Board approved ESG-related policies, which can be found on our 
website and are discussed in our Information Circular and Proxy Statement. 
Business Code of Conduct
Investigations Practice Policy  
and Whistleblower HotlineShareholder Engagement Policy
Board Diversity Policy
Our Approach to  
Corporate Responsibility
Our core values define what is important to us, foster an ethical 
corporate culture and are at the foundation of how we operate.  
Our Code of Business Conduct (the “Code”) is integrated into our 
business practices and we approach all aspects of our business with 
integrity and a culture of respect for each other and the environment. 
17         2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
18         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Business Code of Conduct and Ethics
Honesty and integrity are fundamental values to our business. The Board has adopted 
the Code that guides the culture of ethical business conduct required of all directors, 
management, employees and consultants. We have zero tolerance for fraud, bribery, 
corruption, self-dealing, or misuse of confidential information and company property. 
Our Code also applies to third-party service providers, such as information technology 
providers, consultants or other professional service firms. Annually, every employee and 
internal service provider must read and certify compliance with the Code. In 2021, we 
introduced mandatory training for all staff on the Code. In addition, compliance with the 
Code was added to the employee performance appraisal process and is now included on 
the performance management scorecard which is used to assess employee remuneration. 
PrairieSky has a robust process of controls to monitor for corruption which is managed 
by our human resources and internal legal team. The Board believes that providing a 
standard procedure for employees and third parties to raise concerns and treating all 
complaints with a high degree of seriousness fosters a culture of ethical conduct. 
PrairieSky reviews the Code at least annually as part of our Enterprise Risk Management 
Program. In 2021, PrairieSky had no controversies, incidents or breaches related to our 
business, governance or pay practices.
Investigations Practice Policy
PrairieSky is committed to conducting our business ethically, responsibly and legally. 
In keeping with that commitment, the purpose of the Investigations Practice Policy is to 
provide an effective, consistent and appropriate procedure by which all incidents that 
potentially violate the Code and any related policies, practices and guidelines or statutes, 
regulations, rules and policies applicable to the Company or the workplace, are properly 
received, reviewed, investigated, documented and brought to an appropriate resolution.
Our anonymous Whistleblower Hotline is available to employees or third parties to report 
any unethical or improper business practices, grievances or complaints, directly to the 
Chair of the Board and the Chair of the Audit Committee. The Investigations Practice Policy 
(whistleblower) provides a consistent and appropriate procedure by which all incidents 
can be received, investigated and brought to an appropriate resolution without fear of 
retribution.
Supplier Code of Conduct
In 2020, PrairieSky adopted a Supplier Code of Conduct (“Supplier Code”). Although our 
supply chain is small (see page 52), we are committed to seeking opportunities to work 
together to reduce environmental impacts, ensure alignment on health, safety and labor 
standards, and promote strong governance and social engagement. Our Supplier Code 
was developed in alignment with principles from the United Nations Global Compact, the 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nation’s Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights, and the International Labor Organization’s Declaration of Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work.
19         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Health and Safety, Discrimination, Harassment  
and Equal Opportunity Policies
In addition to the Code, PrairieSky’s Board and executive have approved the following 
policies: 
> a Human Rights Policy; 
> a Respectful Workplace Policy; 
> an Environment, Climate Change, Health and Safety Policy; and 
> a Joint Worksite Health and Safety Committee Policy.
These policies provide the framework for the Company to maintain a safe working 
environment, free of discrimination and harassment, in which all individuals are treated 
with respect and dignity, are able to contribute fully and have equal opportunities. These 
policies also deal with harassment and workplace violence, for which PrairieSky has zero 
tolerance, and articulate our position with respect to: 
>  diversity, equal opportunity, discrimination, harassment and threats or acts of 
violence; 
> ensuring a safe work environment for our employees; 
> our commitment to the protection of the environment; 
> reporting inappropriate conduct, harassment and workplace violence;
> disciplinary measures; and
> the development of procedures to prevent and address human rights issues.
PrairieSky supports the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact with respect 
to human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption and provides a communication 
on progress annually.
Board Diversity
The Board has adopted the Board Diversity Policy that recognizes the beneficial impact of 
diversity on decision-making and overall Board performance. The Board Diversity Policy 
formally recognizes that the nomination and appointment of candidates with multiple 
perspectives, knowledge, skills, expertise, education, industry experience and personal 
characteristics such as age, gender, ethnicity and other distinctions will contribute to the 
continued success of the Company. The Board Diversity Policy includes a mandate to 
foster inclusivity across the organization, including at the Board level, for persons who 
identify as ethnic, racial or Indigenous.
In early 2021, the Governance and Compensation Committee and the Board approved 
certain amendments to the Board Diversity Policy including committing to a Board Gender 
Diversity Target to increase the Board composition to achieve at least thirty percent (30%) 
women directors by 2025. This was achieved in June 2021 with the appointment of Leanne 
Bellegarde, QC to the Board bringing our total number of women directors to 33% (38% of 
independent directors). Ms. Bellegarde is from Treaty 4 Territory in south Saskatchewan 
and is a proud member of the Peepeekisis Cree Nation.
Disclosure Policy
PrairieSky’s Disclosure Policy outlines the procedures and practical guidelines for the 
consistent, transparent, balanced, regular and timely public disclosure and dissemination 
of material information.
These policies 
provide the 
framework for 
the Company 
to maintain a 
safe working 
environment, free 
of discrimination 
and harassment , 
in which all 
individuals are 
treated with 
respect and 
dignity , are able 
to contribute fully 
and have equal 
opportunities .
20         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Securities Trading Policies
The Securities Trading and Insider Reporting Policy applies to employees, contractors, 
officers, and directors of PrairieSky. This policy is intended to safeguard against illegal or 
inappropriate trading or dealing, and against the appearance of such trading or dealing or 
potential conflicts of interest, by:
>  restricting the trading activities of employees, contractors or directors that may know, 
or be presumed to know, of undisclosed material information;
>  prohibiting derivative transactions by directors and officers; and
>  requiring reporting insiders, as defined in the policy, to comply with the reporting 
requirements applicable to certain trading activities as required by applicable 
securities laws.
The Board has also adopted the Restricted Securities Trading Policy, pursuant to which all 
employees, contractors, officers and directors of the Company are prohibited from trading 
in any securities of an issuer who is engaged in the crude oil and natural gas or natural 
resources business in Western Canada (including the Company), without receiving prior 
authorization from the Corporate Secretary. This policy is meant to ensure that illegal or 
inappropriate trading violations are avoided when PrairieSky is engaged in active business 
negotiations with third parties or where PrairieSky may have material information about 
such parties’ business which is not generally available to the public.  
Managing Potential Conflicts of Interest
In addition to the Code and strict adherence to legal and regulatory obligations, the Board 
has adopted additional policies and procedures to ensure potential conflicts of interest are 
avoided or managed appropriately and in the best interests of PrairieSky stakeholders.
The Board has also implemented management approval and authorization levels to 
ensure certain types of transactions receive Board review and approval before being 
agreed to or completed. In particular, the Board’s independent directors ensure increased 
scrutiny on certain types of transactions where there may be a perceived or potential 
conflict of interest.
Information Security
We rely on information technology to store our data and process information. Our Audit 
Committee oversees our information security polices and our Chief Operating Officer has 
been designated as the executive responsible information technology and security. We 
recognize cyber security as a principal risk to our business and that we could be subject 
to a cyber security event. A breach to our system could expose our business to a loss, 
misuse or interruption to our business processes. We have comprehensive policies in place 
including a cyber security and incident response plan and a business continuity plan to 
mitigate this risk. PrairieSky has not had a material cyber security breach in its history but 
recognizing the risk, we carry cybersecurity risk insurance.
In 2021, PrairieSky provided mandatory cyber security awareness training to all staff to 
educate and inform on potential risks. 
21         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Environmental, Social, Governance and  
Corporate Responsibility
Our core values define what is important to us and are at the foundation of how 
we carry on business. While PrairieSky does not operate, develop or produce 
any hydrocarbons from our lands, we recognize that our business model is 
dependent on the industry operating in a responsible fashion. We are committed 
to conducting our business in an economically, socially and environmentally 
sustainable and responsible manner and encourage our clients and service 
providers to do the same. By conducting our business responsibly through 
actively managing risk and upholding the highest standards of governance 
and ethics, we aim to provide long-term shareholder and stakeholder value. 
PrairieSky approaches our relationships with all stakeholders with integrity and 
respect, and we take care to select operators that share our core values. Because 
of the long duration of our assets, successful execution of this strategy is only 
possible if PrairieSky’s lands are developed ethically and responsibly.
Operator Selection Process
PrairieSky does not conduct any oil and gas exploration and development 
activities and is not a licensed operator. PrairieSky selects companies, in our sole 
discretion, with whom we enter into lease agreements and these third parties 
conduct all oil and gas exploration and development activities associated with 
our royalty revenues. Key to PrairieSky’s ongoing success is developing and 
maintaining long-term relationships with industry partners based on mutual 
benefit and adhering to all contractual and legal requirements.
We have a responsibility to our shareholders and stakeholders to make sure 
our assets are financially productive and are developed in a sustainable and 
responsible manner. We take great care in selecting operators on our properties. 
Our selection process has three important components:Our Relationship 
With OperatorsIndustry Advocacy
Lobbying and Political Contributions
The Code sets out our approach to lobbying and political activities. The Company may, 
from time to time, participate in public policy discussions on a wide range of issues 
relevant to our business, including through our participation in and support of industry 
organizations. These activities are planned, coordinated, recorded and must be conducted 
by senior management of the Company. For further information please see page 31 of our 
Information Circular and Proxy Statement. PrairieSky did not conduct any direct lobbying 
activities or make any political contributions in 2021 and we are committed to disclosing 
any donations or lobbying expenditures.
PrairieSky 
approaches our 
relationships with 
all stakeholders 
with  integrity and 
respect  and we 
take care to select 
operators that 
share our core 
values .Our core values define what is important 
to us and are at the foundation of how we 
carry on business.
22         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Regulatory due diligence: All of PrairieSky’s royalty properties are in Canada, one of 
the most highly regulated jurisdictions in the world. We do not enter into new leases or 
contracts with companies that fail to operate in compliance with all federal, provincial 
and municipal laws and regulations.
We conduct due diligence investigations, and review industry compliance and 
enforcement records with provincial oil and gas regulators. We take note of any 
operational enforcement activities and non-compliance such as failure to remediate 
previously leased land.
Financial capacity evaluation: We review a potential operator’s financial standing 
based on their existing operations and evaluate their capacity to undertake additional 
investment and to pay future royalties. We review several factors, including the 
potential operator’s capitalization, liquidity, liability rating and financial track record.
Reputation of the potential operator: We consider our operators as partners in 
developing our resources so we want to understand the reputational implications 
and risks related to working with certain companies. We conduct background checks, 
review current news, attend industry association events and conferences, and monitor 
operator activities.
Before any new lease can be finalized, our senior executive team conducts a final 
review of our assessment in conjunction with our Chief Operating Officer.
Our leases and contracts require that third-party operators meet all environmental 
laws and regulations and maintain good operating practices as defined by provincial 
and federal regulators. 
We are proud to work in Canada, 
one of the most highly regulated 
jurisdictions in the world for oil  
and gas development.
In 2021, PrairieSky’s top 25 payors 
represented over 70% of our revenue.
Approximately half of these payors are publicly traded 
companies that provide sustainability reports available 
on their websites. We encourage readers to explore these 
reports and discover more information on the responsible 
development taking place in Canada.Baytex Energy Corp.
Canadian Natural Resources Limited
Cenovus Energy Inc.
Crescent Point Energy Corp.
International Petroleum Corp.
NuVista Energy Ltd.
Ovintiv Inc.
Tamarack Valley Energy Ltd.
Tourmaline Oil Corp.
Vermilion Energy Inc.
Whitecap Resources Inc.

23         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
In 2021, we collected revenue from approximately 330 different operators. We manage 
operator relationships through:
Contract terms: Our contracts include requirements for operators to develop the land in 
a diligent and careful manner using Canadian oil and gas industry best practices, and in 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Weekly operations meetings: We review potential issues related to compliance, reputation 
and payments at weekly operations meetings. During this process, we flag and proactively 
resolve issues to our satisfaction before entering into new business relationships 
with existing operators. These meetings convene leaders and representatives from 
different internal groups to ensure efficient coordination of internal resources and an 
understanding of issues and their implications.
Lease and Royalty Compliance Department: Our compliance department focuses on 
monitoring and ensuring adherence to lease terms, contractual obligations and payment 
of royalties. This team takes a proactive approach to compliance and engages in early 
resolution discussions with operators. In 2021, the royalty compliance department sent 
671 notices to lessees and recovered $4.2 million in compliance revenue. Since PrairieSky’s 
IPO, we have collected over $65 million in compliance revenue. In addition, we served 
2,473 lease compliance notices and saw over 100,000 acres returned to inventory in 2021. 
Lands returned to inventory can be re-leased.
Audits: We have the right to audit the operators of our leases and how they conduct their 
business. Several factors contribute to the selection of companies to audit: slow payment 
of royalties; financial distress; suspected or persistent unresolved miscalculation of 
royalties; environmental or operational concerns; breaches of contract; or new operators 
on a site previously leased by another party. In 2021, issues were resolved within the lease 
and royalty compliance department processes discussed above.Managing Existing  
Relationships with Operators
Once a lease is in place, we continuously 
monitor operator behavior. 
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Risk Management
PrairieSky is subject to risks that directly affect our business and operations, as well as 
indirect risks that affect third parties that lease our lands and the oil and gas industry 
generally.
Through our internal process, we continually identify, assess, monitor and manage risks 
associated with our business. Three areas of risk that represent common shareholder 
inquiries are as follows:
Operator receivership: The oil and gas industry is constantly changing and involves 
companies of all sizes. Phases of low commodity prices can result in increases in 
companies entering creditor protection. Since the IPO, certain of PrairieSky’s operators 
were involved in receivership or restructuring proceedings, during which PrairieSky 
appeared in court proceedings to ensure the integrity of our assets and our interests  
were protected.
Acquisitions: PrairieSky holds the largest independently owned royalty land position 
in Canada. PrairieSky considers acquisitions if they fit our strategy or complement our 
existing asset base.
Reclamation and End-of-Life Liabilities: PrairieSky does not have liabilities related to the 
activities required at the end-of-life of the wellbores, pipelines and associated assets. 
Operators own these assets and the corresponding liabilities. Once a lease is terminated, 
the operator is responsible for well abandonment and land reclamation. Reclamation and 
end-of-life liabilities are further discussed on page 44 of this report. 
Conflict Minerals
All of PrairieSky’s royalties are exclusively from energy projects in Canada and PrairieSky 
does not directly or indirectly receive any revenues from conflict minerals. Conflict 
minerals, according to the Securities Exchange Commission, refers to: tin, tantalum, 
tungsten and gold that may have originated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and 
the adjoining countries of Angola, Burundi, the Central African Republic, the Republic 
of the Congo, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia. The term conflict 
minerals may appear in our peers’ corporate responsibility disclosures since many royalty 
or streaming companies receive revenues from mining operations in developing nations or 
conflict zones.
Financial Transparency (Responsible Tax)
We support global efforts to increase transparency and accountability in the mining and oil 
and gas industries. The Government of Canada enacted the Extractive Sector Transparency 
Measures Act (ESTMA) effective on June 1, 2015, delivering on Canada’s international 
commitments to contribute to global efforts to increase transparency and deter corruption 
in the extractive sector. ESTMA requires extractive entities active in Canada to publicly 
disclose, on an annual basis, specific payments made to all governments in Canada and 
abroad. We report all payments made to governments (in Canada or abroad) as required 
by ESTMA. Our annual ESTMA report is posted on our website and describes all gross cash 
payments made to governments which were all in Canada. 
PrairieSky’s approach to tax is also included on our website.
24         

25         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Environment
Topics in this section
Climate Change 26
PrairieSky's Energy Use and 
Carbon Emissions 28
Climate Scenario Analysis 30
Energy Transition Projects 39
Land Stewardship 41We are committed to environmental 
protection and awareness, and 
believe that Canada is one of the best 
jurisdictions in the world with respect 
to regulations and laws to uphold the 
highest environmental standards. 
26         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Climate Change
PrairieSky is committed to communicating with stakeholders regarding how we assess and 
manage climate related risks and opportunities in our business, and with respect thereto 
we have prepared the disclosures below based on the TCFD. Refer to our TCFD Report 2021 
for further details.
Governance
The Board of Directors provides oversight and direction in the strategic planning process. 
Our Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility for overseeing the Company’s ESG 
reporting and continuous improvement efforts, which is codified throughout our Directors’ 
Mandate, Board Chair Guidelines, President & CEO Guidelines, Business Code of Conduct, 
Environment, Climate Change and Health and Safety Policy, and other subject specific 
policies, each of which is available on our website at www.prairiesky.com/governance/.
Refer to page 13 of this report for our governance around climate-related risks and 
opportunities and management’s role in assessing and managing these.
Strategy
At PrairieSky, we believe every company and individual has a responsibility to monitor and 
reduce its impact on the environment. PrairieSky has identified climate change risks, both 
physical and transition, as principal risks though our ERM program, which are discussed 
in further detail in our TCFD Report 2021. Over the short, medium and long-term, climate 
change has the potential to impact our business strategy and performance. Through this 
same process, a number of opportunities have been identified as discussed on page 39.
Risk Management
Through our ERM framework, PrairieSky proactively identifies, assesses and manages risks 
inherent or evolving in our business and industry. This includes the evaluation of both 
potential impacts and opportunities generated by environmental and climate change risk, 
along with the knock-on effects of other principal risks and ESG considerations. Risks, 
including environmental and climate change-related risk, are assessed on a short-term, 
medium-term and long-term basis and include climate scenario analysis as discussed on 
pages 30-38.
Our exposure to operator-specific risks is mitigated by the fact that no one single operator 
accounted for more than 10% of our royalty production revenues in 2021. Although we 
have significant exposure to crude oil, the perpetual ownership of our Fee Lands provide 
opportunities to participate in energy transition projects that will allow PrairieSky to remain 
competitive throughout the transition to a low-carbon economy as discussed on page 39.
27         2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
We are committed to reducing our carbon footprint  
at PrairieSky. We have set an absolute target to reduce 
our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by no less than 50% 
by 2025* 
*(using 2017 as our base year).  
Units 2019 2020 2021
Transition Risk
 Revenue from crude oil Percentage 70 58 62
Climate-Related Opportunities
 Revenue from natural gas Percentage 11 21 21
 Revenue from CCUS Amount Not disclosed Not disclosed $1,500,000
 Bonus consideration from resource gasification leasing Amount —  — $45,000
 Bonus consideration from helium leasing Amount — — $700,000
Capital Deployment
 Investment in renewable energy Amount 21,982 21,332 24,256
Remuneration
 Weighting of performance share units against measurable  corporate 
goals, including ESG objectives Weighting 0.5 0.5 0.5
 Weighting of performance against ESG and sustainability targets for 
corporate scorecard Weighting Not disclosed Not disclosed 0.214Metrics and Targets
We are committed to reducing our carbon footprint at PrairieSky. We have set an absolute 
target to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by no less than 50% by 2025 (using 
2017 as our base year). We also purchase renewable energy to offset all remaining Scope 1 
and 2 emissions. 
See information below and refer to pages 59-60 of this report for our Scope 1, Scope 2 and 
Scope 3 emissions.
PrairieSky is also tracking metrics related to climate change-related risks and opportunities. 
We anticipate that these will evolve over time but key items we identified in 2021 and prior 
years are as follows:

28         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
PrairieSky’s Energy Use  
and Carbon Emissions
PrairieSky’s head office is in the First Canadian Centre building in downtown Calgary, 
Alberta, Canada. This is our only business location. Our team of 56 employees typically 
collaborate in this building and create a direct environmental impact through: carbon 
emissions related to energy consumption, water use, and waste generation. As all of 
our staff began working from home in March 2020 due to COVID-19, and the majority of 
staff continued to do so for most of 2021, we have seen a positive impact on our carbon 
emissions and our overall environmental footprint over this two-year period. We will be 
evaluating how we can continue to have a positive environmental impact into the future.
Although PrairieSky’s direct environmental footprint is small, we remain committed to 
reducing our resource consumption including a commitment to reducing emissions, 
energy consumption and water usage. We also have an impact on the environment 
through employee commuting and business travel. 
First Canadian Centre is part of GWL Realty Advisors’ office portfolio. GWL Realty 
Advisors is committed to environmental leadership and First Canadian Centre has 
achieved BOMA Best Platinum Certification for building environmental standards 
(see Boma Canada website www.bomacanada.ca). BOMA Best is Canada’s largest 
environmental assessment and building certification program, with more than 7,000 
certified buildings. GWL’s Sustainability Benchmarking and Conservation Program sets 
targets for reducing energy averages and water intensity as well as waste diversion.
Renewable Energy
PrairieSky is committed to reducing our carbon footprint. In addition to our 
efforts to reduce our total greenhouse gas emissions where possible, since 2019, 
PrairieSky has invested in green natural gas with Bullfrog Power to offset every 
unit of natural gas used by putting a gigajoule of green natural gas on the pipeline 
on our behalf. We have also invested in Bullfrog Power to offset every kWh of 
electricity PrairieSky used by putting a kWh from a pollution-free, renewable 
source on the grid on PrairieSky’s behalf. Both green energy projects from which 
PrairieSky purchased offsets were based in Alberta.
Scope 1 Emissions  
0.0  
Purchased green 
natural gas 
certificates  
(market-based approach). 
Scope 2 Emissions 
0.0 
Purchased 
green electricity 
certificates  
(market-based approach). 
29         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Waste Generation 
PrairieSky participates in our office building's extensive recycling program, which includes 
composting in all kitchens, paper recycling in all offices and electronics recycling. In 2021, 
waste was down 46 per cent in our building, with 52 per cent of waste diverted from the 
landfill. Additionally, PrairieSky has an internal program to track and reduce the amount 
of paper it uses on an annual basis, which is part of a larger effort to move to a paperless 
system over time. In 2021, we saw paper use remain much lower than 2019, 59 per cent, 
in large part due to increased remote work. We expect that process updates, including 
software investments that were implemented to facilitate remote work, will result in a 
positive long-term reduction in paper usage.
Water Usage
PrairieSky’s water use is only at its one office location in downtown Calgary. In 2021, due to 
most staff working remotely, there was a decrease in water usage to 494 cubic meters,  
a decrease of 38 per cent.
Promoting Healthy Lifestyles and Employee Commuting
Annually, PrairieSky asks our employees to complete a survey on how they commute to 
work and we track Scope 3 emissions incurred through employee-related bus, rail and 
automobile travel. Employee-related commuting and the resulting Scope 3 emissions 
decreased dramatically due to the impact of COVID-19 in 2020 and 2021. PrairieSky 
provides in-office shower facilities and the building offers a secure bike storage facility 
to promote alternative transportation to work, and exercise such as running, walking or 
cycling. During 2021, 18 per cent of our employees who worked in the office walked, car-
shared or biked to work and approximately 27 per cent took public transit.
Employee commuting Scope 3 emissions totaled 
29.5 metric tonnes CO2e
Business Travel
PrairieSky’s executive and certain staff are, from time to time, required to travel for 
investor meetings, presentations and field site visits. In addition, out-of-town Board 
members travel to attend Board and Committee meetings in person. PrairieSky has 
tracked Scope 3 emissions incurred through air travel since 2019. In 2020 and 2021, there 
has been a dramatic decrease in Scope 3 emissions related to business travel primarily due 
to the impact of COVID-19 and associated travel restrictions.
In business travel Scope 3 emissions 
to 0.5 metric tonnes CO2e29.5  
metric tonnes
92% 
decrease
PrairieSky initiated climate scenario analysis in late 2020 as part of our ESG reporting process and initiatives. We have updated our 
scenarios to reflect more recent global and Canadian studies. Our scenarios include: Deep Decarbonization Now,  Moderate Mitigation  
and Powering On
PrairieSky uses scenario analysis as a tool to enhance our understanding of climate-related risks and opportunities. This informs our strategic planning to address impacts posed over our business operations.
Scenarios are used in setting our business strategy and for analyzing risks. Our scenarios cover three possible contrasting climate 
futures. These three scenarios were selected to assess the resiliency of our business and opportunities and they consider multiple aspects including economics, environment, population and technology. We chose the International Energy Agency's scenarios and added Canadian insights using information prepared by the Canadian Energy Regulator and the Institut de l’énergie Trottier. We chose the IEA scenarios as they are widely recognized in our sector providing comparability. Because all of our royalties are in Canada, we believe providing a Canadian lens is also important. Climate Scenario Analysis
Global 
Signposts 2050
Global average 
temperature increase by 2100 1.5°C
Population 9.7 billion
GDP ($US 2019 trillion)$316.4
Carbon dioxide (Gt CO
2/year)Net zero
Energy supply for fossil fuels
1 22%
Energy demand for renewables67%
% of renewables in electricity generation88%
Crude oil demand 
(MM bbl/d)24
Crude oil price 
(2019US$/barrel)$24
Natural gas demand (bcm)1,610
U.S. natural gas price (US$/Mbtu)$2.00
Annual energy sector investment (2019 US$ billions)2030: $5 trillion
Source: IEA Net Zero by 2050 (unless otherwise specified)
30         Transition Risks
Deep Decarbonization N ow:
towards global net-zero emissions by 2050
This scenario is aligned with the Paris Agreement ambition to limit global warming 
to 1.5°C by 2100 by achieving net zero global CO2 emissions by 2050. It references the 
International Energy Agency (IEA)’s Net Zero by 2050: A Roadmap for the Global Energy 
Sector and World Energy Outlook (WEO) 2021 Net Zero by 2050 (NZE2050) scenario. 
Approximate equivalent projections under a Canadian-lens come from the Institut de 
l’énergie Trottier (IET)’s 2021 Net Zero by 2050 (NZ50) scenario as described in 2021 
Canadian Energy Outlook (CEO)2.
Global energy systems undergo significant transformation across advanced and 
developing economies with major investments in the renewable energy sector. Global 
population grows from 7.7 billion in 2020 to 9.7 billion by 2050 while primary energy 
demand decreases up to 2050 given changes in how we consume energy. Fossil fuels 
decline from being 80% of our energy use mix in 2019 to just over 20% in 2050. As a result, 
global energy-related and industrial process CO2 emissions fall to around 21 Gt CO2 in 2030 
and to net zero by 2050. In Canada, net zero GHG emissions are achieved by 2050 and 
energy production from fossil fuels follows a similar trend, declining to 9% by 2050. 
Oil 
Global oil demand drops by 75% between 2019 and 2050, or 88 million barrels per day 
(MMbbl/d) in 2020 to 72 MM bbl/d in 2030 and 24 MM bbl/d in 2050. No further exploration 
or fields are required for development beyond those already approved. Projections of 
future energy prices are subject to a high degree of uncertainty, set largely by the 
operating costs of the marginal projects required to meet demand. In Canada, primary 
energy production for crude oil decreases almost 95%. In the energy mix, the share of 
energy supplied by crude oil drops from 35% in 2016 to just 2% in 2050. Most of this 
decline is from increased p roduction from renewables (including hydro, biomass, and 
others) as well as nuclear energy.
Natural Gas 
Similar to oil, no new natural gas fields are required beyond those already approved for 
development. Production of natural gas declines by about 3% per year between 2020 and 
2050. In Canada, natural gas represented about 29% of Canada’s primary energy 
production in 2016. By 2050, this percentage drops to about 3%.
2021      |       Sustainability  Report      |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
31         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Canadian 
Signposts 2050
National average 
temperature 
increase by 210031.8°C
National GHG 
emissions (Mt 
CO2e)Net Zero
% of renewables 
in national 
electricity 
generation82%
Energy production 
from fossil fuels 
(%)49%
Energy production 
from renewables 
(%)543%
Crude oil price 
(Western Canada 
Select 2019 US$/
bbl value)Estimates not 
availableNatural gas price 
(Henry Hub 2019 
US$/Mbtu value)
Source: IET Canadian Energy Outlook 2021  
(unless otherwise specified)Methane Emissions 
Methane emissions from fossil fuels fall by around 75% between 2020 and 2030, resulting 
in decreased GHG emissions of about 2.5 Gt CO2e. A third of this decline is attributed to 
decreases in global fossil fuel consumption, but a majority is from the rapid scaling and 
deployment of emissions reduction measures and technologies.
Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage Technology (CCUS)
Policies favouring global GHG emissions reductions support a range of measures to 
establish markets for CCUS investment. Global capture volumes experience rapid 
expansion between 2020 and 2050 growing from 40 Mt to 7,600 Mt in 2050. By 2030, 24 Mt 
CO2e are estimated to be captured in Canada and by 2050, 140 Mt CO2e.
Hydrogen
Hydrogen-based fuels account for about 13% of global final energy demand in 2020, 
relative to about 5% in 2020, being mostly used in heavy industry (i.e., steel and chemicals 
production) and the transportation sector. In Canada, most new hydrogen use appears 
after 2040 and is concentrated in industry and transport with biomass accounting for over 
90% of production at the national level.
Carbon Pricing
Carbon prices are estimated to be deployed across many regions. Prices in advanced 
economies rise to $130 per tonne CO2 by 2030 and to $250 by 2050 (2019US$). As part of its 
updated climate plan, carbon prices in Canada are expected to rise $15 per tonne annually 
from $65 in 2023, reaching $170 per tonne CO2e in 2030. Beyond carbon pricing, the cost of 
abating the last tonne of CO2e remains under $210 to reach Canada’s 40% target for 2030 
but increases significantly to get to net zero.
1 Fossil fuels include natural gas (unabated and with CCUS), oil and coal (unabated and with CCUS). Renewables include solar, 
wind, hydro, bioenergy and biomass. 
2 This scenario has been updated from referencing the IEA’s WEO 2020 Sustainable Development Scenario and Canadian Energy 
Regulator’s Canada’s Energy Future 2018 Technology Case previously used by PrairieSky as we believe this change better aligns 
with current global and Canadian decarbonization ambitions.
3 Canadian climate data pulled from Canada's Changing Climate Report (2019), Canada’s Changing Climate Report (nrcan.gc.ca). 
RCP 1.9 comparison is 1.4°C from IPCC AR6.
4 Fossil fuels include crude oil, natural gas, and coal.
5 Renewable sources considered include hydroelectric, biomass, wind, solar and, others.
Global 
Signposts 2050
Global average 
temperature increase by 21002.6°C
Population 9.7 billion
GDP ($US 2019 trillion)Not available
Carbon dioxide (Gt CO
2/year)34
Energy supply for fossil fuels
6 66%
Energy demand for renewables28%
% of renewables in electricity generation60%
Crude oil demand 
(MM bbl/d)103
Crude oil price 
(2020US$/barrel)$88
Natural gas demand (bcm)5,113
U.S. natural gas price (US$/Mbtu)$4.30
Annual energy sector investmentNot available
Source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2021
 (unless otherwise specified)
32         Moderate Mitigation: 
Reduction measures 
close-in on the Paris Agreement
This scenario acts as a middle ground between the drastic reduction measures required 
in Deep Decarbonization Now versus the little progress to curb GHG emissions in 
Powering On. In this scenario, global warming is limited to 2.6°C by 2100 and references 
the IEA’s WEO 2021 Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS)7, providing a global perspective, 
with approximate equivalent projections under a Canadian-lens from the IET’s 2021 Net 
Zero by 2060 (NZ60) scenario as described in the 2021 CEO8.
Global energy systems diversify but transformations across advanced and developing 
economies are small with a moderate increase in investment for renewables and 
continued but declining investment in fossil fuels. Global population rises the same as 
in the Deep Decarbonization Now scenario while primary energy demand increases to 
2050. Fossil fuels decline in demand from 80% in 2019 to 66% in 2050. As a result, global 
energy-related and industrial process CO2 emissions fall slowly, to around 36 Gt CO2 in 
2030 and to 34 Gt CO2 in 2050. In Canada, GHG emissions decrease from 511 Mt CO2e in 
2030 to 146 Mt CO2e by 2050 while primary energy production from fossil fuels declines 
from 69% in 2016 to 18% by 2050.
Oil 
Global oil demand increases minimally by 7% between 2019 and 2050, or 97 M Mbbl/d in 
2019 to 103 MMbbl/d in 2050. In Canada, the primary energy production of crude oil in 
the energy mix declines from 35% in 2016 to 5% by 2050, in terms of a percent change 
this represents an 86% decrease from 2016 to 2050. Similar to the trends outlined in 
Deep Decarbonization Now, most of this decline is from increased production from 
renewables (including hydro, biomass and others) as well as uranium.
Natural Gas
Unlike oil, global natural gas demand grows by 25% between 2019 and 2050, however, 
the scenario notes that demand in advanced economies begins to slowly decline from 
about the mid-2020’s. In Canada, natural gas represented about 29% of Canada’s 
primary energy production in 2016, by 2050, this percentage drops to 5%.
Methane Emissions
Total global CO2 and methane emissions reach 39 Gt CO2e in 2030, up from around  
38 Gt in 2020. To decline methane emissions, the IEA’s Announced Pledges Scenario 
(APS) predicts it can close the emission gap between STEPS and NZE by 20%, leaving an 
“ambition gap” of 14 Gt CO2e (including fossil fuel methane emissions) to reach global 
net zero emissions by 2050. 
2021      |      Sustainability  Report      |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
33         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
6 F ossil fuels include natural gas (unabated and with CCUS), oil and coal (unabated and with CCUS). Renewables include 
solar, wind, hydro, bioenergy and biomass.
7
 This sc
enario has been added to reflect on the global trajectory we are on now, based on enacted policies, assuming each 
country sticks to those policies and assuming similar action after 2030.
8
 In Canada, this sc
enario reflects the prior Canadian targets (30% reduction by 2030 and an 80% reduction by 2050, with 
respect to 2005), extended to reach net zero in 2060.
9
 Envir
onment and Climate Change Canada (2021). Clean Fuel Standard: Proposed Regulatory Approach.
10
 Clima
te data pulled from IPCC AR6, SSP2-4.5.
11
 F
ossil fuels include crude oil, natural gas, and coal.
12
 R
enewable sources considered include hydroelectric, biomass, wind, solar and, others.Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage Technology (CCUS)
Global implementation momentum for CCUS is growing, driven by strengthened climate commitments from governments and industry. Operational projects or projects under construction have the capacity to capture over 40 Mt CO
2 per year. In Canada, around 
3.0 Mt CO2e of emissions are captured in 2030 and by 2050 this number has risen to 
around 109 Mt CO2e9.
HydrogenAfter 2030, global low-carbon hydrogen production continues to expand and demand in 2050 is equivalent to around 15% of today’s total hydrogen use in industrial feedstocks and oil refining. Most low-carbon hydrogen in 2030 is produced via electrolysis to take advantage of renewable energy resources. Canadian trends are like those previously discussed in Deep Decarbonization Now.
Carbon Pricing
Global carbon prices are estimated to increase across many regions. Prices in Canada are predicted to rise from $55 in 2030 to $75 by 2050 while in the EU, prices are predicted to rise from $65 in 2030 to $90 by 2050 (2020US$). Under current policies, carbon prices in Canada are expected to rise $15 per tonne annually from $65 in 2023, reaching  $170 per tonne CO
2e in 2030.Canadian 
Signposts 2050
National average 
temperature increase by 2100
102.7°C
National GHG emissions (Mt CO
2e)146
% of renewables in national electricity generation81%
Energy production from fossil fuels (%)
1118%
Energy production from renewables (%)
1237%
Crude oil price (Western Canada Select 2019 US$/bbl value)Estimates not 
availableNatural gas price 
(Henry Hub 2019 US$/Mbtu value)
Source: IET Canadian Energy Outlook 2021  
(unless otherwise specified)

34         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Powering On: Current policies 
make limited progress on 
curbing global emissions
In this sc
enario, there is low decarbonization at the global scale and average warming 
exceeds 4°C by 2100. This scenario references the IEA’s WEO 2019 Current Policies 
Scenario (CPS) and has been expanded with best estimates for equivalent projections 
in Canada using the IET’s Reference scenario from the 2021 CEO15. Global assumptions 
for this scenario rely on existing policies announced by policy makers16. Limited policies 
to curb emissions allow fossil fuels to continue to dominate fuel markets, with limited 
growth in the renewable energy sector. 
Energy systems undergo very little transformation across advanced and developing 
economies with continued investments in non-renewable energy. Global population 
rises to 9.2 billion by 2040, but global energy demand increases by about 1.3% each 
year to 2040, in the absence of energy efficiency improvements.
In Canada, energy consumption increases by about 28% between 2016 and 2050. The 
percentage of renewables in global electricity generation grows only slightly from 29% 
in 2020 to 36% in 2040. Fossil fuels continue to represent about 80% of the energy 
mix in 2020 and 2040 (with fluctuations in total primary demand sources). In Canada, 
energy production from fossil fuels increases from 69% in 2016 to 75% by 2050.
Oil 
Global oil demand increases by 1.1 MMbbl/d on average every year, from 96.9 MMbbl/d 
in 2018 to 121 MMbbl/d in 2040. Without strengthened policies on fuel efficiency or the 
use of alternative fuels, road transport increases demand, along with increases in 
demand for petrochemicals and aviation fuels. Global prices increase from $68 US in 
2018 to 
$134 US by 2040. In Canada, primary energy production of crude oil increases by 69% 
between 2016 and 2050 and final energy consumption of oil products across sectors 
(including energy production) increases by 30% over the same period.
Natural Gas
Natural gas grows more intensely than oil, especially between 2030 and 2040, meeting 
a third of total energy demand growth, and more than any other energy source. Global 
demand increases by 46% between 2019 and 2040. In Canada, natural gas 
consumption increases between 2016 and 2050 by about 16%. Canadian production 
follows a similar trend and results in a 22% increase between 2016 and 2050.
Methane Emissions
The fossil fuel sector, oil and gas extraction, processing, and distribution account for 
about 23% of human-caused methane emissions. In Canada, methane emissions 
accounted for about 13% of national GHG emissions in 202117. Under current policies, 
and with the continued production of many fossil fuels, methane emissions are 
expected to continue to grow in this scenario with exact estimations largely unknown.Global 
Signposts 2040
Global average 
temperature increase by 2100> 4.0°C
Population 9.2 billion
GDP ($US 2019 trillion)Pre-COVID-19 levels by 2021 (3+% growth/year up to 2040)
Carbon dioxide (Gt CO
2/year)132050: >80
Energy supply for fossil fuels
14 78%
Energy demand for renewables17%
% of renewables in electricity generation36%
Crude oil demand 
(MMbbl/d)121
Crude oil price 
(2020US$/barrel)$134
Natural gas demand (bcm)5,891
U.S. natural gas price (US$/Mbtu)$5.10
Annual energy sector investment2019-2030: $29,011
2031-2040: 
$29,732
Source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2019
(unless otherwise specified)
34         2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      Prairiesky Royalty Ltd. 

35         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
13 Int ernational Governmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) (2021): Sixth Assessment Report. IPCC_AR6_WGI_SPM.pdf. Based 
on IPCC SSP5-8.5 scenario.
14
 F
ossil fuels include natural gas (unabated and with CCUS), oil and coal (unabated and with CCUS). Renewables include solar, 
wind, hydro, bioenergy and biomass.
15
 The IET’
s Reference scenario from the 2021 Canadian Energy Outlook was informed using Canada’s Energy Future Reference 
Case 2020, published by the Canadian Energy Regulator. This is the same scenario used by PrairieSky in its 2021 TCFD Report as 
an estimate for a high emissions scenario.
16
 While the P
aris Agreement was signed in 2016, national carbon reduction actions that have not been implemented prior to 2019 
globally, and to 2020 in Canada, are not considered as estimations for future energy markets in this scenario.
17
 Envir
onment and Climate Change Canada (2021). 2021 Greenhouse gas inventory.
18
 Na
tural Resources Canada (2020, December). Hydrogen Strategy for Canada. 
19
 The World Bank (2021). Carbon pricing dashbo
ard. Retrieved December 2021.
20
 Clima
te data pulled from Canada's Changing Climate Report (2019), ), Canada’s Changing Climate Report (nrcan.gc.ca).  
RCP 8.5 comparison is 4.4°C from IPCC AR6.
21
 F
ossil fuels include crude oil, natural gas, and coal.
22
 R
enewable sources considered include hydroelectric, biomass, wind, solar and, others.Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage Technology (CCUS)
Lack of progress with CCUS to date stems from the significant additional capital and operating costs it entails, being greater than the revenue streams that can be generated from the captured CO
2. Under current policies, CCUS uptake remains largely hindered by 
limited investments. Similarly, in Canada, CCUS sees little capture through CCUS, expected to be 0 Mt CO
2e in 2030 and 0.118 Mt CO2e in 2050.
HydrogenGlobal demand for hydrogen was 70 million tonnes per year in 2018, most used for oil refining, chemicals production, or blending in existing natural gas networks. In 2020, Canada was one of the top ten global producers of hydrogen, generating an estimated  3 million tonnes annually
18. Under current policies, global and Canadian hydrogen remain 
comparable to recent production levels with natural gas reforming acting as a major supply source and limited CCUS investments limiting clean hydrogen production.
Carbon Pricing
According to the World Bank, about 45 countries had carbon pricing mechanisms as of 2021, covering 11.65 GT CO
2e, representing about 21.5% of global GHG emissions19. Under 
current policies, carbon prices in Canada are expected to rise $15 per tonne annually from $65 in 2023, reaching $170 per tonne CO
2e in 2030.
35         
Canadian 
Signposts 2050
National average 
temperature increase by 2100
206.0°C
National GHG emissions (Mt CO
2e)850
% of renewables in national electricity generation55%
Energy production from fossil fuels (%)
2175%
Energy production from renewables (%)
229%
Crude oil price (Western Canada Select 2019 US$/bbl value)~$55
Natural gas price (Henry Hub 2019 US$/Mbtu value)~$3.00
Source: IET Canadian Energy Outlook 2021  
(unless otherwise specified)
36         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Physical  Risks
Deep Decarbonization Now
Global, macro-level trends in North America have been updated based on the IPCC’s Sixth 
Assessment Report (AR6) using the SSP1-1.9 scenario. Climate hazards may be reduced 
and better managed under Deep Decarbonization Now than in Powering On, however, 
despite efforts to curb emissions, the frequency of once in 50-year heatwaves are still 
expected to increase by 8 times by 2050. The average frequency of once in 10-year extreme 
precipitation and agricultural/ecological droughts in drying regions is likely to occur  
1.5 times in the prior and 2 times in the later. 
Moderate Mitigation
Global, macro-level trends in North America have been updated based on the IPCC’s AR6 
using the SSP2-4.5 scenario. Despite moderate efforts to curb emissions, this scenario is 
not enough to prevent physical impacts of climate change. For example, the frequency 
of once in 50-year heatwaves are still expected to occur 14 times23. In comparison, the 
average frequency of once in 10-year extreme precipitation events are likely to occur  
1.7 times while the frequency of once in 10-year extreme agricultural and ecological 
droughts in drying regions is likely to occur 2.4 times.
Powering On
Global, macro-level trends in North America have been updated based on the IPCC’s 
AR6 using the SSP5-8.5 scenario. The frequency of once in 50-year heatwaves is 39 times 
as likely to occur. In comparison, the average frequency of once in 10-year extreme 
precipitation events are likely to occur 2.7 times while the frequency of once in 10-year 
extreme agricultural and ecological droughts in drying regions are 4 times as likely to 
occur. In Canada, the frequency of large fire events is predicted to increase in north  
eastern British Columbia and northern Alberta as a result of climate change24.
23 Moderate Mitigation emissions result in 2.7°C degrees of warming as per the IPCC SSP2-4.5, however, frequency data aligns  
to a 2°C scenario, so the anticipated physical risks would likely be slightly more severe than what is described.
24 Boulanger, Y., Gauthier, S., et al. 2014. A refinement of models projecting future Canadian fire regimes using homogeneous  
fire regime zones. Canadian Journal of Forest Research 44, 365–376. Natural Resources Canada. Available online at:  
https://open.canada.ca/data/en/dataset/ed8aa69f-8580-4c10-a8d9-eb2dea487d96.
36         2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      Prairiesky Royalty Ltd. 

37         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Learnings from   
Scenario Analysis  
at PrairieSky
We believe we are strategically positioned 
to participate in a lower carbon economy.
Our portfolio of Royalty Properties provide a balanced mix of oil and 
natural gas reserves that can be developed responsibly in a leading 
jurisdiction with some of the strictest environmental regulations in the 
world. The perpetual ownership of our Fee Lands provides opportunities 
to participate in energy transition projects as discussed on pages 39-40.  
While there is a high degree of uncertainty in developing climate 
scenarios, we believe there is value in using scenario analysis to  
inform our corporate strategy , including our Enterprise Risk 
Management Program.
37         

38         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
In preparing the scenarios, a number of aspects are considered 
including demographics, economics, environment, geopolitics, 
legal, social and cultural, and technology. Our scenarios are used 
by the executive and the Board of Directors to assess business and 
growth strategy and identify strategic risks and opportunities. This 
process is a useful tool for stress-testing our business on climate risk. 
For example, because we owns our Fee Lands in perpetuity, 
considering different future scenarios helps frame our thinking 
around royalty acquisitions and the importance of acquiring 
royalties at the best part of the cost curve as these royalty 
opportunities will displace higher cost barrels into the future. 
Under each of these scenarios, we believe both oil and natural 
gas will be required as the international community transitions to 
meet its global climate ambitions. The scenarios are differentiated 
by the pace and scale with which carbon emissions are reduced. 
Our three climate 
scenarios were 
developed using 
distinct and 
relevant global 
trajectories  
prepared by 
international 
agencies and 
further adjusted 
to consider our 
Canadian context.
39         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Energy Transition Projects
PrairieSky is participating in a number of projects, at various 
stages, with an overall goal to provide energy with lower 
associated greenhouse gas emissions. As these projects 
evolve, we expect to provide additional information, 
including with respect to the project’s positive contribution 
to reducing overall carbon intensity of energy production 
and ensuring ethical and sustainable development of 
resources. Select additional information is set forth below: 
Carbon Capture, Utilization, and Storage
Alberta was the first jurisdiction in North America to direct dedicated funding to 
implement carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) technology across industrial 
sectors. Alberta has committed $1.24 billion through 2025 to fund two commercial-scale 
carbon capture and storage projects. Both projects will help reduce the CO2 emissions 
from industrial emitters and the fertilizer sector and reduce GHG emissions by  
2.76 million megatonnes per year. The Alberta Carbon Trunk Line project will supply pure 
carbon dioxide, for permanent sequestration, to where PrairieSky has partnered with 
the proponents of these innovative projects. These sequestration projects have typically 
focused on enhanced oil recovery across PrairieSky’s land base with the goal to increase 
the ultimate recovery of oil pools while reducing the overall carbon footprint of oil and gas 
operations. In 2021, PrairieSky collected $1.5 million in royalty revenue related to CCUS. 
More recently PrairieSky has partnered with several early-stage companies focused  
on CCUS, both for in-situ stimulation and optimization of hydrocarbon reservoirs and to 
assist other industrial emitters to eliminate or reduce the quantum of greenhouse gases 
released into the atmosphere. For example, we are proud to partner with Bison Low 
Carbon Ventures Inc. (operator), Enerflex Ltd. and IRC Enterprises Inc. (Indian Resource 
Council of Canada) on the Meadowbrook CCUS Hub Project which was selected by Alberta 
Energy as one of six successful applicants for carbon storage tenure in the industrial 
heartland near Edmonton, Alberta. The Meadowbrook CCUS Hub Project is being designed 
to provide safe, cost effective, permanent CO2 sequestration, on a multi-client basis, to 
existing and new Alberta industries seeking to reduce their emissions through adoption  
of carbon capture, utilization, and storage. We expect that the project partners will 
enter into an evaluation permit with the Government of Alberta that will allow the 
Meadowbrook partnership to conduct site specific evaluation activities and commence 
detailed consultation in the near term to support a commercial CCUS lease application 
within 12-24 months.
Hydrogen
Both the Federal and Alberta Provincial governments are building a national strategy 
for hydrogen. There are a number of early-stage projects in Alberta, and PrairieSky has 
entered into several commercial arrangements with hydrogen companies to seed the 
development of these projects on our lands. While these projects are at an early stage and 
significant investment is required to scale infrastructure and provide energy delivery 
options to end users, PrairieSky is in a unique position to work with creative technical teams  
for the development of our natural gas resources in combination with sub-surface CCUS, 
with the goal of creating integrated and commercially viable “blue” hydrogen solutions. 
40         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Resource Gasification
PrairieSky has partnered with a private company in Alberta, Cvictus Inc., to explore the 
potential for sub-surface gasification of mineral resources, in combination with CCUS, with 
the end goal of producing carbon neutral or carbon negative hydrogen, methanol and 
other products ultimately used to create single cell proteins that displace more energy 
intensive animal feedstock sources. This process has the added potential for electricity co-
generation and creation of carbon/GHG credits through one or more emissions reduction 
protocols established by the Government of Alberta.  
PrairieSky served as project sponsor for Cvictus Inc. in the Clean Resource Innovation 
Network Reducing Environmental Footprint technology competition, wherein Cvictus was 
awarded $10,000,000 in early 2022 for its Mannville Enhanced Hydrogen Recovery Project 
on PrairieSky lands. In 2021, PrairieSky collected $45,000 in bonus consideration related to 
resource gasification. 
Helium, Lithium, and Other Minerals
PrairieSky’s fee mineral title lands throughout Alberta and Saskatchewan include 
perpetual ownership of other mines and minerals, the vast majority of which are 
underexplored and unexploited. Minerals such as Helium and Lithium have broad 
applications in the technology and battery storage sectors, respectively, and are relatively 
scarce in economic quantities in other parts of the world. PrairieSky has executed on early-
stage exploration and development Helium leasing with industry participants, including a 
large-scale Helium exploration program in Southern Alberta. In 2021, PrairieSky collected 
$0.7 million in bonus consideration related to Helium leasing. 
While Lithium extraction is at an early and experimental stage in Western Canada, 
PrairieSky believes that as direct lithium extraction technologies are refined, these 
processes may provide additional commodity diversification and new leasing 
opportunities for PrairieSky. In early 2022, PrairieSky completed a large-scale Lithium 
leasing arrangement in Saskatchewan covering over 100,000 acres of PrairieSky lands. This 
arrangement is expected to result in near term exploration, drilling and delineation activity 
in this previously unexplored area. In early 2022, PrairieSky collected $0.6 million in bonus 
consideration related to Lithium leasing. 
Carbon Pricing 
All of PrairieSky’s lands and operations are in Canada where carbon pricing is regulated 
by both the Federal and Provincial governments. On April 1, 2022, the Federal carbon tax 
increased by $10 per tonne to $50 per tonne in Alberta and Saskatchewan. The provincial 
carbon tax in British Columbia increased by $5 per tonne to $50 per tonne on April 1, 2022. 
The Federal government has set a proposal to increase the carbon price by $15 per year 
until it reaches $170 per tonne in 2030. Although carbon pricing does not have a significant 
direct impact on PrairieSky due to the nature of our operations, it does and will impact 
third-party operators on our Royalty Properties. Carbon prices and anticipated increases to  
the price per tonne have been incorporated into our Climate Scenario Analysis in this report. 
41         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Field & Facilities Units 2019 2020 2021
Number of offshore sites & terrestrial sites count0 0 0
Active wells (net – operated & non-operated) number0 0 0
Inactive wells (net – operated & non-operated) number0 0 0
Facilities and pipelines (operated & non-operated) number0 0 0
Water
Total fresh water withdrawn cubic meters0 0 0
Total fresh water consumed cubic meters0 0 0
Volume of produced water and flowback generated cubic meters0 0 0
Water discharged, injected, recycled percentn.a. n.a. n.a.
Biodiversity Impacts
Number of hydrocarbon spills number0 0 0
Volume of hydrocarbon spills cubic meters0 0 0
Number of fines and penalties number0 0 0PrairieSky does not have field operations. To ensure understanding and to provide 
transparency, we have included a field activity table below:Oil and Gas Operations 
Summary TableLand Stewardship
PrairieSky owns only the subsurface minerals and not the surface rights. As an owner 
in perpetuity of subsurface minerals, we understand the value of ensuring they are 
developed, managed and protected for the long-term. In addition to any environmental 
impact, any long-term damages to the land affect our ability to generate future value 
for shareholders and stakeholders. As a result, we believe we have a role in overseeing 
development on our lands even though we do not have direct legal or financial liability 
related to the environmental protection of lands where we own the mineral rights and 
other royalty interests.
Our royalty ownership business model differs significantly from a working interest or lease 
position in the oil and gas industry. A working interest owner is responsible for its share 
of operating costs, capital costs, environmental liabilities and reclamation obligations, 
usually in proportion to its ownership percentage. In contrast, PrairieSky has no obligation 
for operating costs, capital costs, environmental liabilities or reclamation obligations. 
These are the obligations of independent, third-party oil and gas producers that operate 
the wells drilled into our mineral title or other royalty interests.
PrairieSky is a pure-play royalty company and has no oil and gas operations. Third-party 
crude oil and natural gas operators are responsible for regulatory reporting of their 
emissions. PrairieSky does not generate any crude oil and natural gas emissions and 
therefore does not have policies or procedures for reporting any emissions from the 
drilling or operations of crude oil and natural gas exploration and development as further 
discussed below.
42         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 2020       ||       Responsibility  Report      ||       Prairiesky Royalty Ltd. 
PrairieSky owns the mineral rights below the surface
PrairieSky does not own surface rightsA B C
Lessees and operators work to develop the lands  
and are responsible for all costs to:
A develop, B operate and C reclaim and abandon.Environmental rights  
and responsibilities
We are committed to 
advancing responsible 
development of oil and 
natural gas in Canada.Environmental Rights and Responsibilities
Although PrairieSky does not develop, explore for, operate or control operator activities, 
we are committed to advancing responsible development of oil and natural gas in Canada. 
We comply with all federal and provincial laws and regulations regarding the environment 
and contractually require our operators to conduct activities in accordance with these 
laws and regulations. Our lands are in one of the world's most transparent and robust 
regulatory environments and we believe development of resources in Canada can provide 
safe and reliable energy to the world. Our focus on land stewardship is evident through:
Contract Obligations: PrairieSky includes several provisions in our royalty arrangements 
to ensure operators comply with or exceed all applicable environmental laws as well as 
industry best practices. These requirements are supported by an explicit allocation of all 
environmental liability to the lessee, as well as an indemnity clause and a requirement to 
hold a suite of insurance coverage in accordance with best industry practices.
43         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. PrairieSky does not own surface rights
Field Inspections: PrairieSky has the right to physically inspect operations on our 
royalty lands. PrairieSky has the ability to terminate a lease should the lessee fail 
to adhere to contractual provisions, including non-compliance with environmental 
laws. Non-compliance can lead to reporting to the government regulator. In 2020 and 
2021, management visited 17 and 38 individual lease sites, respectively. Based on 
observations during these visits, no report to government regulators was required.
Audits: PrairieSky periodically audits third-party operators to ensure regulatory 
compliance, including regulations relating to good oilfield practices and the environment.
PrairieSky has the ability to terminate a lease where an operator is not in compliance. 
We have not had to terminate any leases due to non-compliance with good operating 
practices, including environmental practices, in recent years. This is due to the strict 
environmental regulations in the jurisdictions where we own our royalty properties. The 
last time leases were terminated for non-compliance related to environmental reasons 
was in 2017 when PrairieSky terminated leases issued to a third party that failed to 
adhere to good oilfield practices and applicable regulations and was not, in PrairieSky’s 
view, operating in a safe and environmentally responsible manner. As a result, the wells 
were shut-in and the operator was referred to the Alberta Energy Regulator. PrairieSky 
worked with the provincial regulator, the local municipality, other stakeholders and 
reputable oil and gas companies with a credible history to have the wells transferred to 
a new operator and put back on production. 
PrairieSky actively participates in the Canadian Association of Petroleum Landmen and 
the Canadian Association of Petroleum Land Administration to inform industry of issues 
that are important to PrairieSky and to remain at the forefront of industry developments. 
Land Access and Landowners
PrairieSky does not own any surface land rights. PrairieSky owns only the minerals, 
including petroleum and natural gas, below the surface of the land. Lessees must 
secure surface access to the land, legally and physically, and manage their relationship 
with surface landowners. We understand the importance of positive relationships with 
landowners and minimizing land disturbance during land access; however, we are not 
involved in these activities nor do we have control over these activities.
Oil and natural gas development and operations occur in diverse locations which 
are home to many different species of animals and plants. As a result, there can be 
impacts to habitat and animal movement. Managing biodiversity is guided by the 
Canadian Biodiversity Strategy25 and the federal Species Risk Act. In addition, there 
are also provincial policies and legislation in place. It should be noted that all levels of 
government continue to establish protected areas so protection of both biodiversity 
and species is continually advancing. Protecting biodiversity is a priority for the 
Canadian oil and gas industry and advancements have been made to minimize impacts. 
Protecting 
biodiversity is 
a priority for the 
Canadian oil and 
gas industry and 
advancements 
have been made to 
minimize impacts.
25 The World Conservation Union (IUCN) has developed a system for classifying protected areas. According to this system, about 
eight percent of Canada is classified as protected and about four percent removed from all commercial extractive activities. The 
National Conservation Areas Data Base (NCADB) developed by Environment Canada, the Canadian Council on Ecological Areas 
and others, identify approximately 3,500 publicly-owned protected areas covering about 800,000 km2 and approximately 10,000 
km2 held by non-government groups. https://biodivcanada.chm-cbd.net/documents/canadian-biodiversity-strategy.
44         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Reclamation and End-Of-Life Liabilities
PrairieSky does not have liabilities related to the activities required at the end-of-life 
of wellbores, pipelines, facilities, and associated assets. Third-party operators own 
these assets. Once a lease is terminated, PrairieSky notifies the provincial regulator 
that the operator no longer has a lease agreement and the operator is responsible for 
well abandonment and land reclamation and the provincial regulator is in charge of 
monitoring the fulfillment of that obligation. According to current regulations, operators 
are required to abandon within 120 days. PrairieSky also monitors progress to ensure that 
all regulatory requirements are met. 
In the oil and gas industry, an orphan well is defined as a well or any related pipeline or 
facility that is deemed as not having any legally responsible and/or financially able party 
to deal with its abandonment and reclamation. In Alberta, oil and gas producers pay a 
levy to the Alberta Orphan Oil and Gas Abandonment and Reclamation Association based 
on their number of wells and estimated future liabilities. PrairieSky is not a producer or 
operator and therefore is not required to contribute to the fund. When orphan wells are on 
PrairieSky lands, PrairieSky works with the provincial regulator to ensure these wells are 
properly abandoned and reclaimed through the Alberta Orphan Oil and Gas Abandonment 
and Reclamation Association in accordance with regulatory requirements.
The Alberta Energy Regulator (“AER”) operates a voluntary area-based closure program 
which is designed to reduce the cost of abandonment and reclamation operations through 
industry collaboration and economies of scale. PrairieSky works with the AER on its 
strategy to encourage the decommissioning, remediation and reclamation of inactive or 
marginal crude oil and natural gas infrastructure. This collaboration is important as areas 
of the province are “checkerboard” with PrairieSky owning every second section to the 
Crown. This joint effort ensures best practices are applied across the province for the long-
term benefit of all stakeholders.
Water Usage
Sustainable water usage is fundamental to the crude oil and natural gas industry in 
Canada. PrairieSky does not have any field operations and has no direct water usage in 
generating revenues. Third-party operators on PrairieSky’s royalty lands may use water 
in their oil and gas production activities. Any water used for drilling and completions is 
reported by third-party operators.
Third-party operators endeavor to use non-potable water, generally from saline source 
wells, in their operations as well as the reuse of water wherever possible through water 
treatment and recycling.
Sustainable  
water usage  
is fundamental   
to the crude oil  
and natural gas  
industry in 
Canada.
45         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. All of PrairieSky’s Royalty Properties are in  
Canada, a world leader in environmental 
standards and innovation. 
In 2021, PrairieSky completed our submission to CDP , the 
non-profit global environmental disclosure platform, and 
received an "A-" score in the 2021 Climate Change survey, 
which is significantly above the North American average 
score of "D" and the global average score of "C" . 
In 2021, PrairieSky completed our submission to the CDP 
Water Security survey and received a “B-” score which is 
in line with the North American and global average score.™
DRIVING SUST AINABLE EC ONOMIES
PrairieSky received an "AA"  rating from MSCI in 2021 
which is a measurement of resilience to long-term, industry  
material environmental, social and governance risks.
PrairieSky ranked in the 83rd percentile on the S&P 
Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) and in 
February 2022 was included in The Sustainability 
Yearbook 2022 for corporate sustainability excellence.Sustainalytics ranks PrairieSky as #1 out of 283 global  
oil and gas producers and in the top 0.5% of all companies 
globally across all industries with a "negligible risk"  
rating of 8.2.  
(February 7, 2022) .

46         
Social
Topics in this section
Our People 47
Economic Contribution 52
Community Investment 53
Social Responsibility 54PrairieSky has a dedicated team of 
56 employees that are focused on 
delivering value to shareholders 
and driving our success.
47         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Employee Satisfaction
PrairieSky uses an annual employee engagement 
survey to assess our cultural health and to identify 
potential areas for improvement. PrairieSky 
targets 85 per cent employee satisfaction. In 
2021, PrairieSky achieved a 93 per cent employee 
satisfaction score (greater than 95% participation).Our People
PrairieSky aims to attract and retain talented people who 
contribute to our team environment and long-term success. 
Our efforts in employee attraction and retention include:
Employee Compensation & Benefits
PrairieSky aims to attract top talent by providing competitive compensation and benefits 
that reward performance and allow all employees to share in PrairieSky's success. We 
provide benefits for all employees, full-time and part-time, which includes company-paid 
comprehensive medical coverage, educational opportunities, and wellness programs, 
including access to mental health and employee assistance programs.  
Employee Share Ownership
PrairieSky promotes a culture of employee ownership and alignment with shareholders. 
PrairieSky provides a non-dilutive stock savings plan in which employees can contribute 
up to 12 per cent of their salary, which is matched on a dollar-for-dollar basis by PrairieSky, 
with the aggregated funds being used to purchase PrairieSky common shares in the open 
market which are then subject to an escrow for two years. 
47         PrairieSky is committed to providing employees with challenging work and fair 
compensation, a safe work environment, and opportunities for development 
and career growth.
PrairieSky has one office location in downtown Calgary. Due to COVID-19 
protocols, substantially all of PrairieSky’s staff worked from home from March 2020 
through 2021. We were pleased to welcome our staff back to the office in 2022.
93% 
employee 
satisfaction 
score. 
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
48         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Health and Safety
PrairieSky is committed to a safe and healthy work environment. Because PrairieSky does 
not engage in crude oil and natural gas operations and has no field operations, we do not 
have the same health and safety risks typically associated with the crude oil and natural 
gas industry. All of PrairieSky’s operations take place at our corporate head office, our 
only business location. 
PrairieSky’s health and safety procedures and policies for our corporate head office 
are outlined in our Environment, Climate Change, Health and Safety Policy, Respectful 
Workplace Policy, and our Drugs and Alcohol Policy and Joint Work Site Health and Safety 
Policy (“JWHSC”) which are available on our intranet. All employees and contractors are 
required to read and sign that they understand and will comply with the Code as well as 
these other policies.
We encourage our employees to maintain a safe and healthy workplace by following  
established rules and practices. Management is responsible for the administration of 
health and safety procedures and reports to the Board of Directors. The JWHSC outlines 
health and safety measures for PrairieSky’s business which includes an emergency 
evacuation plan and a business continuity plan for our corporate head office.
Health and safety training is used to raise awareness and understanding of the processes 
for identifying and reporting issues including reporting accidents, injuries, unsafe 
equipment, and conditions or practices to managers, executives or directly to our Board 
through our anonymous whistleblower hotline. In 2020, the JWHSC set a target to have all 
committee members receive Health and Safety Committee and Representative training 
through Energy Safety Canada by Q1 2021, a goal which was completed. In 2021, all staff 
attended a mandatory health and safety training session.
The Health and Safety section of our Company intranet provides detailed information 
to employees and contractors on emergency procedures, including fire and evacuation 
procedures, and maps that provide a floor layout and the location of emergency exits, 
fire extinguishers, first aid kits and AED machines. Our designated floor wardens and 
additional staff are trained in First Aid and CPR/AED use.
We prioritize health and safety and have not had any workers’ compensation claims, 
lost time injuries and/or fatalities since our inception.
 
We have not had any workers’ compensation claims, 
lost time injuries and/or fatalities since our inception. We prioritize 
health and safety
49         
 2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Training and Development
We recognize that performance management is an essential element in maintaining 
an organizational culture that promotes high quality performance, teamwork and 
accountability. Performance management also helps to link Company objectives with 
employee goals through individualized performance plans that recognize achievements 
and identify potential gaps both individually and within a team. In 2021, all employees 
participated in performance evaluations.
We support opportunities for employee development through education and training. 
These opportunities range from internal lunch and learn sessions and industry group 
presentations to post-secondary education. Our training programs cover a breadth 
of topics to expand employee knowledge and develop skills. In 2021, we supported 
employees in their pursuit of certifications, professional designations and credentials in 
human resources, payroll and sustainability accounting. PrairieSky believes in advancing 
education in our community and provides post-secondary scholarship opportunities for 
our staff’s immediate family members. 
In 2021, our staff invested approximately 528 hours in training which equates to 
approximately 9.5 hours per full time equivalent employee. PrairieSky provided three 
hours of mandatory staff training covering the Code, diversity and inclusion, health 
and safety and cyber security. We anticipate offering this training on an annual basis. 
Employees also attended third-party training which was mostly hosted on-line. Overall 
training and education costs totaled $29,000 or $520 per full time equivalent employee.
We identify high-potential employees for leadership development and succession 
planning. These employees receive formal and informal training focused primarily on 
skill development and leadership which prepare our employees for career advancement. 
In 2021, we provided leadership opportunities by sponsoring mentorship through the 
Women’s Executive Network and initiating a fellowship with Energy Futures Lab, which 
promotes energy innovation to transition to a sustainable global energy system. Since 
inception in 2014, we have had two of our five managers retire and each was replaced 
by an internal candidate. In 2021, we promoted an internal candidate to a newly created 
managerial position which oversees our geology and geosciences department. 
We foster a culture of employee engagement and innovation, where employees can 
develop and advance their careers.
We operate an active summer student program whereby students from various universities 
and fields of study are hired across the Company, providing meaningful work experience 
for students. In 2021, we restarted our Women’s Mentorship Program with the MBA 
students at the University of Calgary’s Haskayne School of Business. This program is 
ongoing into 2022 and includes opportunities to meet senior leaders in business, attend 
presentations on topics such ESG and develop leadership skills. In addition, PrairieSky 
provides lunch and learns for our senior women with the goal of development as well as a 
forum for mentorship and collaboration. 
50         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Work-life balance
We promote work-life balance through workplace flexibility. The company has a flexible 
schedule in which employees need to be present daily at our offices (or online from their 
remote work location) for core business hours, contributing to work-life balance and 
job satisfaction. 
Throughout COVID-19, PrairieSky has promoted flexibility for our employees, including 
enhanced work-from-home solutions, additional flexible hours and enhanced 
opportunities to ensure and promote mental health.  
Diversity and Inclusion 
We maintain an inclusive work environment and are focused on providing advancement 
opportunities to persons of all genders, ethnicities and orientations, based on merit. 
Diversity and inclusion are important to PrairieSky, and we are committed to providing an 
environment where every one of our talented employees can succeed. 
We have a relatively small workforce at PrairieSky. Of our 55 full and 1 part-time staff, 71% 
are women. Our three-person executive team includes one female member (CFO) and of 
our six managers, five are women (83%), including our Controller. We have three female 
leaders on the Board of Directors, representing 38% of the independent directors and 
meeting our Board Gender Diversity Target to increase the Board composition to achieve 
at least thirty percent (30%) women directors by 2025.  
We maintain an inclusive work 
environment and are focused on 
providing advancement opportunities 
to persons of all genders, ethnicities 
and orientations, based on merit. Senior 
Officers 
33%Managers
83%Total  
Workforce
71%
Independent 
Board  
Members
38%Women Leaders
In March 2022, PrairieSky was once again recognized in the  
Women Lead Here
survey by the Globe and Mail and Report on Business.  
This survey is the annual benchmark publication measuring 
gender diversity in corporate Canada. Since inception of 
the annual rankings, PrairieSky has been identified at the 
forefront of gender diversity with a significant percentage  
of women in leadership positions. 
51         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Discrimination and Harassment
PrairieSky is committed to providing a healthy and safe workplace where all employees 
are free from discrimination, harassment, and disrespectful behavior. Our Code provides 
the framework for an environment where all individuals are treated with dignity and 
respect, and our Respectful Workplace Policy outlines conduct that is prohibited and sets 
out a reporting process for violations of the policy along with PrairieSky's obligation to 
investigate and take appropriate action if complaints are received.
Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms
All of PrairieSky's business is conducted in Western Canada and is subject to Canadian 
human rights and labour laws which protect the rights of workers and provide for freedom 
of association.
Our commitment to human rights is outlined in our Human Rights Policy, as well as our 
Respectful Workplace Policy. Both policies provide information on reporting grievances 
or violations directly or anonymously.
Relationships with Indigenous Peoples
We recognize and respect the constitutionally protected rights of Indigenous peoples in 
Canada. PrairieSky does not directly own any mineral rights that overlap with traditional 
Indigenous territories.
PrairieSky has gross overriding royalties on two thermal oil properties that are in or near 
traditional territories where Indigenous peoples are partnering with industry for the 
development of natural resources. The two operators of these properties, Strathcona 
Resources Ltd. and International Petroleum Corp., have agreements in place with the 
Frog Lake First Nation and Onion Lake Cree Nation, respectively, to work in partnership 
on certain operations and development of the projects, including a commitment to 
sustainable development and capacity building. In 2021, 4.9 per cent of our reserves were 
within one mile of Indigenous lands with approximately 36 per cent of these reserves 
associated with the Onion Lake thermal project. These reserves represent PrairieSky’s 
royalty interest share of production from third-party owned and operated wells.
PrairieSky also has certain gross overriding royalties in the Province of British Columbia, 
and specifically within the Treaty 8 area where the Blueberry River First Nations, the 
Province of British Columbia and operators have reached an initial agreement regarding 
resource development, including oil and gas development, within this treaty territory. 
PrairieSky expects additional agreements will be negotiated between stakeholders in 
the area to allow for development of resources while protecting Indigenous rights and 
managing cumulative impacts.
PrairieSky is committed to truth and reconciliation efforts as it relates to Indigenous 
persons in the jurisdictions where PrairieSky conducts business. During 2021, PrairieSky 
promoted awareness with respect to Indigenous history and provided staff with resources 
for their self-guided learning journeys in connection with the National Day for Truth and 
Reconciliation in Canada. PrairieSky also supported the work of Indigenous non-profit 
organizations in 2021 by making donations to Legacy of Hope Foundation and Indspire. 
Approximately 5% of our staff identify as Indigenous. One of our independent directors 
identifies as Indigenous.  
52         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Economic ContributionSupply Chain and Social Supplier Standards
A sustainable supply chain creates and grows long-term environmental, social and 
economic value for stakeholders. PrairieSky has a simple cost structure, we do not own 
any physical assets other than sub-surface mineral rights (our Royalty Properties), and 
our office contents. Our cost structure is limited to administrative expenditures and 
federal and provincial government payments which are disclosed in our ESTMA reporting. 
Administrative costs include salaries and benefits for employees as well as costs related to 
advisors, consultants, contractors, office rent and information technology.
In 2021, PrairieSky engaged 149 suppliers investing approximately $6.7 million in goods 
and services. Of this investment, approximately 18% was for critical suppliers, all of 
which are information technology providers. We define critical suppliers as those whose 
procurement has a significant impact on our competitive advantage. All of PrairieSky’s 
operations are within Canada, which is one of the most highly regulated jurisdictions in 
the world. All of PrairieSky's business relationships are conducted under the umbrella of 
our Code and in accordance with federal and provincial laws and regulations. PrairieSky 
also has a Supplier Code of Conduct in place and engages with its suppliers to promote best 
practices.
$0 $50 $100 $150 $200 $250 $300Dividends and Share Buybacks $93.2
Employees $13.8
Suppliers and Finance Expenses $11.8
Governments $8.2
Communities and Non-profits $0.4
Value Retained $180.6Revenues $308.02021 Economic Value Generated and Distributed
(millions)
Canada's crude oil and natural gas 
industry makes a significant, positive 
impact on Canadian and provincial 
economies. PrairieSky contributes to our 
local, provincial and federal economies 
by providing employment, supporting 
economic activities and paying taxes. 
The wealth that is generated positively 
impacts all of our stakeholders.
53         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Community Investment
We encourage employees to give back to our communities and we direct our efforts to areas 
of interest to our employees. Our employees are active in supporting causes that make a 
significant and positive impact in the community and, like our employees, PrairieSky is 
committed to giving back to the communities where we work and live through sponsorships, 
donations, and volunteering.  
We believe our success depends on the social 
and economic health of communities.
Our community investment  
program aims to: 
> promote healthy communities;
> give back to our communities; and
>  engage our employees in the community.We have focused our  
giving in five areas:
> community and social services;
> health and wellness;
> sport and recreation;
> education; and
> environmental stewardship 
  Community and Social Services
  Environmental Stewardship
  Education
  Health and Wellness
  Sport and RecreationBy Focus Area  
By Category (%)
100%
 
80%
 
60%
 
40%
 
20%
 
0%298,300420,800 
$400,100Community Investment
450,000
400,000
350,000
300,000
250,000
200,000
150,000
100,000
50,000
0
2020 2021 2019
54         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Social  Responsibility
We believe that by investing in the community, 
we can contribute to a better society and improve 
opportunities for all. Our social investments help 
advance sustainable development goals and are 
focused on promoting healthy communities, giving 
back to our communities, and engaging our 
employees in the community. 
Community and 
Social ServicesSport and 
RecreationHealth and 
WellnessEducation Environmental 
StewardshipIn 2021, PrairieSky invested $420,800 into our  
community with a focus in the following five areas:

55         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Our key community partners are: 
Alberta Children’s Hospital Foundation
The Alberta Children's Hospital Foundation (“ACHF”) supports excellence in child and 
youth mental health initiatives through the proposed Child and Youth Mental Health 
Centre. Child and Adolescent Mental Health Inpatient Services at the ACHF offer mental 
health assessments and treatments for children with serious emotional, behavioural 
and/or psychiatric problems that cannot be treated in the community, day patient or 
outpatient settings. The ACHF services also involve the child's family to create a holistic 
approach to treatment. To help promote youth and family health and wellness, in 2018, 
PrairieSky committed to a $500,000 gift over five years to be used for child and youth 
mental health initiatives.
University Of Saskatchewan
PrairieSky is a proud supporter of the Edwards School of Business at the University 
of Saskatchewan, whose mission is to serve the public good by connecting discovery, 
teaching and outreach by promoting diversity and meaningful change to prepare 
students for enriching careers and fulfilling lives as engaged global citizens. We share 
their desire to build a rich cultural community while supporting a long-standing and 
established educational institution and in 2017, PrairieSky committed to providing a 
$250,000 gift over five years. The gift is to be used by the Dembroski Student Managed 
Portfolio Trust to deliver experiential learning opportunities to students as they put 
their core financial knowledge into practice managing funds in an investment account.
56         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Below is a selection of 2021 community investment programs and in-kind donations 
considered on an annual basis:
Calgary Drop-In Centre
For more than 60 years, the Calgary Drop-In Centre (the DI) has been providing 
essential care as well as health services and housing support to adults experiencing or 
at risk of experiencing homelessness. Their programs and services connect people to 
permanent housing that meets their individual needs. In 2021, PrairieSky donated 93 
Cisco VoIP phones and other computer and printer equipment to the DI.
Renfrew Educational Services
Renfrew Educational Services offers a broad range of specialized programs in Alberta and 
is an acknowledged leader in program development for children with special needs. In 
2021, PrairieSky donated to their early childhood services and programs which aim to 
nurture learning and social skills that last a lifetime.
Wood’s Homes 
Wood’s Homes is a children’s mental health center that provides treatment and support 
to children, youth and families with mental health needs. Their continuum of services 
includes specialized treatment, assessments, leading-edge counselling services and 
education. Services are focused on early intervention and prevention, immediacy of 
response and family-centered, trauma-informed care. PrairieSky has sponsored the last 
four Never Give up and unGalas, which aim to raise awareness and funding for the critical, 
and often life-changing, support programs Wood’s Homes provides.  
Lionheart Foundation
The Lionheart Foundation acts as a primary resource for adolescents with anxiety issues. 
Donations to the Foundation provide subsidized counselling for individuals and families 
who cannot afford to pay for the full cost of treatment, and training of therapists, doctors, 
nurses and other specialists to increase capacity in our community. PrairieSky has 
sponsored the last five Girl Power Hours that build awareness of the issues, including the 
2021 virtual event ‘Kids, Covid & the New Abnormal. ’ 
UNICEF Canada WASH 
UNICEF leads innovative initiatives to bring life-saving water to all children. Since 2015, 
PrairieSky has sponsored the UNICEF Water for Life Gala in Calgary which supports 
UNICEF’s global Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) programs. These programs help 
realize the rights of children by delivering safe water, sanitation and hygiene in their 
communities and schools. 
Centre for Suicide Prevention
The Centre for Suicide Prevention is an education centre based in Calgary, Alberta. They are 
a branch of the Canadian Mental Health Association focused on equipping Canadians with 
the information, knowledge, and skills necessary to respond to people considering suicide. 
PrairieSky was a diamond sponsor for the Centre’s 2021 Run for Life, which was their 
biggest run yet with 425 participants and 47 teams participating. 
Friends of Fish Creek Provincial Park Society
Friends of Fish Creek looks to maintain a sustainable Fish Creek Provincial Park that 
improves the quality of life for present and future generations by engaging the community 
through activities and awareness to conserve a truly unique naturalized urban park. In 
2021, PrairieSky donated funds for wire, water boxes, and trees for the Poplar Forest 
Stewardship Project.

57         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Volunteer Opportunities
Key to our commitment to communities is providing our staff with volunteer opportunities 
and hosting staff fundraising events. Although many of our annual volunteer programs 
were cancelled due to COVID-19, our staff was able to participate in the following events:
>  In February, PrairieSky staff volunteered for the Caring for Kids Radiothon which 
raised $2.95 million for the Alberta Children's Hospital Foundation.
>  In April/May, PrairieSky had a ‘Double Match the Donation’ initiative where the 
Company double matched individual employee donations to a charitable/non-profit 
organization of their choosing up to a maximum $500 corporate donation. In 2021, 
the initiative raised $19,200 for 22 different non-profit and charitable organizations.
>  In November, PrairieSky held our “virtual” annual United Way Campaign in which we 
raised over $44,600 to support non-profit organizations that serve to improve local lives 
in Calgary and surrounding communities. The Campaign included a collection drive for 
the Canadian Mental Health Association and employees donated much needed items 
including toiletries, socks, hats, mitts, and children’s gifts. 
Since IPO, PrairieSky staff have donated over 1,000 hours of time towards PrairieSky 
sponsored community investment initiatives. 
Community 
Investment 
Highlights 
$420,800  in 
sponsorship  
and donations.
58         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Units 2019 2020 2021 Verification
Company Context
Royalty production BOE/d 21,757 19,712 19,827
Total acres million acres 15.6 16.1 18.3
Acres – fee title lands million acres 7.8 8.0 9.8
Acres – gross overriding royalties million acres 7.8 8.1 8.5
Seismic data (3-D) square km 13,000 16,700 19,900
Seismic data (2-D) km 46,000 49,200 54,200
Operators/lessees count 325 310 330
Revenues million $ 268.4 171.4 308.0
Taxes
Total global taxes paid (or collected) $ 32.2 25.8 18.9
Corporate income tax $ 10.7 6.0 3.8
Property tax $ 0.1 0.1 0.1
Sales tax $ 1.5 0.8 (0.2)
Payroll tax, including employee 
income tax remitted$ 4.7 3.2 4.3
Production and mineral taxes $ 15.2 15.7 10.9
Anti-Corruption
Number of incidents of corruption 
confirmed in the year, but related to 
previous yearscount 0 0 0
Number of corruption incidents 
confirmed in the year not related to 
previous yearscount 0 0 0
Breaches of the code of conduct count 0 0 0 PwC
Relationship with Operators
Sites visited by senior management count 33 17 38
Audits of lessees count 859 780 671
Enforcement actions count - - -
Notices issued to lessees count 3,578 4,254 2,473
Acres "recycled" acres 99,840 128,000 100,500
Employees
Total employees count 64 59 56
Full-time count 61 58 55
Part-time count 3 1 1Performance   
Summary Table
59         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Units 2019 2020 2021 Verification
Women
Total workforce percent 73 73 71 PwC
Total workforce count 47 43 40
Managers percent 80 80 83 PwC
Managers count 4 4 5
Junior managers percent/count - - -
Middle managers percent/count 75 / 3 75 / 3 80 / 4
Top managers percent/count 100 / 1 100 / 1 100 / 1
Executive percent 33 33 33 PwC
Independent Board members percent 29 29 38 PwC
Age groups
Below 30 percent 6 5 2
30-50 percent 63 61 59
Above 50 percent 31 34 39
Retention
Turnover rate, total percent 9.7 17.9 12.2
Turnover rate, voluntary percent 4.8 6.5 10.4
Human Rights
Number of discrimination and 
harassment incidentscount 0 0 0
Incidents closed count n.a. n.a. n.a.
Monetary losses from discrimination 
and harassment legal proceedings$ 0 0 0
Grievances reported count 0 0 0
Facilities – PrairieSky’s Office
Resource use, prorated to PrairieSky
Natural gas use gigajoules 2,644 2,762 1,730
Natural gas use (Scope 1 emissions 
location-based approach)metric tonnes 
CO2e137.4 143.5 91.5 PwC
Natural gas use (Scope 1 emissions 
market-based approach)metric tonnes 
CO2e0 0 0 PwC
Electricity use gigajoules 1,673 1,502 934
Electricity use (Scope 2 emissions 
location-based approach)metric tonnes 
CO2e315.9 279.8 166.1 PwC
Electricity use (Scope 2 emissions 
market-based approach)metric tons CO2e 0 0 0 PwC
60         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Scope 3 emissions
Employee commuting metric tonnes 
Co2e59.5 28.6 29.5 PwC
Business travel metric tonnes 
Co2e32.1 6.0 0.5 PwC
Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions metric tonnes 
Co2e544.9 457.9 287.6
Intensity metric tonnes 
Co2e/$ revenue0.0000020 0.0000027 0.0000009
Energy intensity gigajoules/$ 
revenue0.000016 0.000025 0.000009
Water use cubic meters 959 792 494 PwC
Water use, prorated per PSK  
employeelitres 14,980 13,429 8,817
Water intensity cubic meters/$ 
revenue0.000004 0.000005 0.000002
Waste generated metric tonnes 14.2 6.2 2.1 PwC
Waste diverted from landfill percent 79 64 52 PwC
Hazardous waste generated metric tonnes 0 0 0 PwC
Environmental Violations count 0 0 0
Communities and Society
Community Investment $ 400,100 298,300 420,800 PwC
By focus area
Community and Social Services $ 109,000 83,500 127,600
Education $ 50,000 50,000 58,100
Health and Wellness $ 162,500 129,400 132,100
Environmental Stewardship $ 8,850 2,900 8,000
Sport and Recreation $ 69,750 32,500 95,000
Economic Value Generated and 
Distributed
Revenues millions $ 268.4 171.4 308.0
Distributed as follows:
Dividends declared to shareholders 
and share buybacksmillions $ 201.2 177.0 93.2
Employees (salaries, benefits and 
cash long-term incentives)millions $ 15.2 12.4 13.8
Suppliers (operating expenses, other 
G&A, finance expenses)millions $ 8.0 7.4 11.8
Governments (production and 
mineral taxes, cash taxes)millions $ 24.0 5.2 8.2Units 2019 2020 2021 Verification
61         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Communities & Non-Profits 
(charitable contributions)millions $ 0.4 0.3 0.4
Value Retained at PrairieSky(1)millions $ 19.6 (30.9) 180.6
Political Contributions millions $ 0.0 0.0 0.0
Health and Safety
Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate 
(LTIFR) 
LTIFR – Employees cases per 
200,000 hours0.0 0.0 0.0 PwC
LTIFR - Contractors cases per 
200,000 hours0.0 0.0 0.0 PwC
Total Recordable Injury Frequency 
Rate (TRIFR)PwC
TRIFR – Employees 0.0 0.0 0.0 PwC
TRIFR - Contractors 0.0 0.0 0.0 PwC
Fatalities - Employee/Contractor count 0.0 0.0 0.0 PwC
Tier 1 process safety events cases per million 
hours worked0.0 0.0 0.0 PwCUnits 2019 2020 2021 Verification
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has provided limited assurance over indicators marked PwC. Verification of the data reported and 
assumptions made can be found in the PwC Assurance Statement on our website.Notes:  
1.  Value retained is simply value generated minus value distributed. This is not a financial reporting indicator and should not be confused with retained earnings.
62         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. GRI, SASB and WEF Index
This 2021 Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with the Core option of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Standards and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Oil & Gas - Exploration & Production Industry Standard. In 
some cases, indicators suggested by the standards are not applicable, or the information is considered to be competitive and is 
therefore not disclosed. As the standards evolve, so will our reporting on the topics covered. We are committed to consistently 
improving our disclosure for stakeholders and support efforts to provide consistent and comparable sustainability performance 
data. To that end, we have added certain World Economic Forum (WEF) core and expanded metrics and disclosures.
The GRI, SASB and WEF Index below contains information and additional links that relate to specific content within the 2021 
Sustainability Report and other annual PrairieSky disclosures. The scope of information covered in this Index, the 2021 Sustainability 
Report and supporting disclosures relates to our operations in the 2021 calendar year, unless otherwise noted. All of PrairieSky’s 
operations are in Canada. 
SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
General Disclosures — GRI 102: General Disclosures
102-1 Name of organization PrairieSky Royalty Ltd.
102-2 Activities, brands, products and services 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 2-3)
102-3 Location of headquarters First Canadian Centre in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. 
102-4 Location of operations 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 2, 7)
102-5 Ownership and legal form 2021 Annual Information Form (page 13)
102-6 Markets served 2021 Sustainability Report (page 3)
102-7 Scale of the organization 2021 Sustainabilityy Report (page 2)
102-8 Information on employees and other workers 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 50, 58-59)
102-9 Supply chain 2021 Sustainabilityy Report (pages 18, 52)
102-10Significant changes to the organization and its supply 
chainNot applicable.
There has been no significant changes  
to the organization and its supply chain
102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 5, 11, 26)
102-12 External initiatives 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 7, 11, 24, 76-77) 
102-13 Membership or associations 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 43, 76)
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 2021 Sustainability Report (page 1)
■ 102-15 Key impacts, risk, and opportunities 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 9, 13, 24, 26, 30-40)
102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 9, 17-18, 20)
■ 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 18, 20)
102-18 Governance structure 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 13-14)
102-19 Delegating authority 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 13-14)
EM-EP-530a.1 102-20Discussion of corporate positions related to government 
regulations and/or policy proposals that address 
environmental and social factors affecting the industry2021 Sustainability Report (pages 13, 21)
■ 102-21Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, 
and social topics2021 Sustainability Report (pages 4, 6)
63         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. ■ 102-22Composition of the highest governance body and its 
committees2021 Sustainability Report (page 14)
102-23 Chair of the highest governance body 2022 Information Circular and Proxy Statement (pages 13, 20)
102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body 2022 Information Circular and Proxy Statement (pages 12, 38)
102-25 Conflicts of interest 2021 Sustainability Report (page 20)
102-26Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, 
values, and strategy2021 Sustainability Report (page 13)
■ 102-26The company’s stated purpose, as the expression of 
the means by which a business proposes solutions to 
economic, environmental and social issues.
How the company’s stated purpose is embedded in 
company strategies, policies and goals.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 2-3, 9)
102-27 Collective knowledge of the Board of Directors 2022 Information Circular and Proxy Statement (pages 43-44)
102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance 2022 Information Circular and Proxy Statement (pages 42-43)
102-29Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and 
social impacts2021 Sustainability Report (pages 9, 13, 27, 30-40) 
102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 13, 24, 26)
102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 5, 9-10)
102-32Highest governance body’s role in sustainability 
reporting2021 Sustainability Report (pages 13-14)
■ 102-35Remuneration policies 2022 Information Circular and Proxy Statement  
(starting on page 45)
102-36Process for determining remuneration 2022 Information Circular and Proxy Statement  
(starting on page 45) 
102-37 Stakeholders' involvement in remuneration 2021 Sustainability Report (page 15)
102-40 List of stakeholder groups 2021 Sustainability Report (page 4)
102-41 Collective bargaining agreements None of PrairieSky’s 56 employees is unionized. 
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 4, 15)
■ 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 4, 15)
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 2022 Information Circular and Proxy Statement (pages 32-36)
102-45 Entities included in consolidated financial statements 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements (page 11)
102-46 Report content 2021 Sustainability Report (page 6, 7)
■ 102-47 Material topics 2021 Sustainability Report (page 5)
102-48Restatements of information Restatements of information from previous reporting 
periods can be found in the 2021 Sustainability Report 
notes supporting our performance summary table. There 
were no significant changes in 2021.
102-49Changes in reporting Significant changes from previous reporting periods in 
scope, boundary or measurement methods can be found 
in the 2021 Sustainability Report notes supporting our 
performance summary table. There were no significant 
changes in 2021.
102-50 Reporting period 2021 Sustainability Report (page 7)
102-51 Most recent Responsibility Report 2021 Sustainability Report (page 7)
102-52 Reporting cycle 2021 Sustainability Report (page 7)SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
General Disclosures — GRI 102: General Disclosures
102-1 Name of organization PrairieSky Royalty Ltd.
102-2 Activities, brands, products and services 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 2-3)
102-3 Location of headquarters First Canadian Centre in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. 
102-4 Location of operations 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 2, 7)
102-5 Ownership and legal form 2021 Annual Information Form (page 13)
102-6 Markets served 2021 Sustainability Report (page 3)
102-7 Scale of the organization 2021 Sustainabilityy Report (page 2)
102-8 Information on employees and other workers 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 50, 58-59)
102-9 Supply chain 2021 Sustainabilityy Report (pages 18, 52)
102-10Significant changes to the organization and its supply 
chainNot applicable.
There has been no significant changes  
to the organization and its supply chain
102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 5, 11, 26)
102-12 External initiatives 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 7, 11, 24, 76-77) 
102-13 Membership or associations 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 43, 76)
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 2021 Sustainability Report (page 1)
■ 102-15 Key impacts, risk, and opportunities 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 9, 13, 24, 26, 30-40)
102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 9, 17-18, 20)
■ 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 18, 20)
102-18 Governance structure 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 13-14)
102-19 Delegating authority 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 13-14)
EM-EP-530a.1 102-20Discussion of corporate positions related to government 
regulations and/or policy proposals that address 
environmental and social factors affecting the industry2021 Sustainability Report (pages 13, 21)
■ 102-21Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, 
and social topics2021 Sustainability Report (pages 4, 6)SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
64         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 2021 Sustainability Report (page 79)
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI standards 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 7, 62)
102-55 GRI content index 2021 Sustainability Report (page 62-75)
102-56External assurance An independent third-party has provided assurance on 
selected key performance indicators for our 2021 PwC 
assurance statement.
■Disclosure of the material strategic economic, 
environmental and social milestones expected to be 
achieved in the following year, such milestones achieved 
from the previous year, and how those milestones are 
expected to or have contributed to long-term value.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 10-11)
■How the highest governance body considers economic 
environmental and social issues when overseeing major 
capital allocation decisions, such as expenditures, 
acquisitions and divestments.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 13-14)
Material Topics
Management Approach — GRI 103: Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 5-7)
103-2 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 5-7, 13-20)
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 5-7, 27, 58-61)
Economic Performance — GRI 201: Economic Performance
■ 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 52, 60-61)
■ 201-1The total global tax borne by the company, including 
corporate income taxes, property taxes, non-creditable 
VAT and other sales taxes, employer-paid payroll taxes, 
and other taxes that constitute costs to the company, by 
category of taxes.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 24, 60-61)
■The total additional global tax collected by the company 
on behalf of other taxpayers, including VAT and 
employee-related taxes that are remitted by the company 
on behalf of customers or employees, by category of taxes.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 24, 60-61)
■Total tax paid and, if reported, additional tax remitted, by 
country for significant locations.2021 Consolidated Financial Statements (pages 8, 10, 29, 32)
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 24, 60-61)
201-2Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 
due to climate change2021 CDP Climate Disclosure
TCFD Report 2021
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 30-40)
■ 201-4Financial assistance received from the government:  
total monetary value of financial assistance received by  
the organization from any government during the  
reporting period.2021 Management’s Discussion and Analysis (page 8)SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
65         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. ■1. Total capital expenditures (CapEx) minus depreciation, 
supported by narrative to describe the company’s 
investment strategy.
2. Share buybacks plus dividend payments, supported by 
narrative to describe the company’s strategy for returns of 
capital to shareholders.As a royalty company, PrairieSky does not have capital 
expenditure requirements, which enhances its financial 
flexibility.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 3, 52)
2021 Management’s Discussion and Analysis (pages 15-16)
■Total costs related to research and development. Not applicable.
PrairieSky is a royalty company and does not directly 
produce any products (no operational or capital 
investment). As such, we have no costs related to research 
and development.
Indirect Economic Impact - GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
■ 203-1Qualitative disclosure to describe the below components:
1. Extent of development of significant infrastructure 
investments and services supported.
2. Current or expected impacts on communities and local 
economies, including positive and negative impacts where 
relevant.
3. Whether these investments and services are 
commercial, in-kind or pro bono engagements.Not applicable. PrairieSky does not own or operate any 
infrastructure.
■ 203-21. Examples of significant identified indirect economic 
impacts of the organization, including positive and 
negative impacts.
2. Significance of the indirect economic impacts in the 
context of external benchmarks and stakeholder priorities 
(e.g national and international standards, protocols, 
policy agendas).2021 Sustainability Report (pages 52, 60-61)
■Percentage of revenue from products and services 
designed to deliver specific social benefits or to address 
specific sustainability challenges.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 27, 39-40)
Revenue from energy transition projects represents less 
than 1% of total revenue. PrairieSky expects this percentage 
to grow over time. 
■ Total Social Investment (TSI) 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 53-57)SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
66         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Business Ethics and Transparency — GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
EM-EP-510a.1 205-1Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves 
in countries that have the 20 lowest rankings in 
Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index0%
All of PrairieSky’s proved and probable reserves are 
in Canada and relate to our royalty interest share of 
production from third-party owned and operated wells. 
PrairieSky does not own or operate any well bores or 
infrastructure. For more information on our proved and 
probable reserves, please see our 2021 Annual Information 
Form starting on page 19.
■Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with fraud, insider trading, 
anti-trust, anti-competitive behaviour, market 
manipulation, malpractice or violations of other related 
industry laws or regulations.$0
No legal proceedings associated with fraud, insider trading, 
anti-trust, anti-competitive behavior, market manipulation, 
malpractice or violations of other industry laws and 
regulations occurred.
EM-EP-510a.2 205-2Description of the management system for prevention of 
corruption and bribery throughout the value chainHonesty and integrity are fundamental values to our 
business. PrairieSky’s Board of Directors has adopted 
a written Business Code of Conduct (the “Code”) that 
guides the culture of ethical business conduct required of 
all directors, management, employees and consultants. 
We have zero tolerance for fraud, bribery, corruption, 
self-dealing, or misuse of confidential information and 
company property. Our Code also applies to third-party 
service providers, such as information technology providers, 
consultants or other professional service firms. Annually, 
every employee and internal service provider must read 
and certify compliance with the Code. The Board believes 
that providing a standard procedure for employees and 
third parties to raise concerns and treating all complaints 
with a high degree of seriousness fosters a culture of ethical 
conduct. Our Code is available at www.prairiesky.com. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 17-18, 58)
Each year, PrairieSky submits its Extractive Sector 
Transparency Measures Act (“ESTMA”) report to the 
Canadian government and posts it on our website. ESTMA 
reporting delivers on Canada’s international commitment 
to contribute to global efforts to increase transparency and 
deter corruption. See our website for further details. 2021 
Sustainability Report (page 24)
We have also codified a lobbying framework within our 
Code of Conduct, expanding the concept of lobbying 
activities, associated protocols and required disclosures. 
2021 Sustainability Report (page 21)
■ 205-2Discussion of initiatives and stakeholder engagement to 
improve the broader operating environment and culture, 
in order to combat corruption.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 17-20, 24, 49, 58)
■ 205-3a)  Total number and nature of incidents of corruption 
confirmed during the current year, but related to 
previous years; and
b)  Total number and nature of incidents of corruption 
confirmed during the current year, related to this year.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 58)SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
67         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Energy — GRI 302: Energy
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 28, 59-60)
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization 2021 Sustainability Report (page 28)
302-3 Energy intensity 2021 Sustainability Report (page 60)
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 27-28, 59-60)
Valuation & Capital Expenditures
EM-EP-420a.1Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve levels to future price 
projection scenarios that account for a price on carbon 
emissions2021 Sustainability Report (pages 30-35, 40)
EM-EP-420a.2Estimated carbon dioxide emissions embedded in proved 
hydrocarbon reservesNot quantified at this time. PrairieSky has initiated a project 
to further understand full cycle scope 3 emissions related 
to our business and to create an inventory of scope 3 
emissions. The downstream combustion emissions related 
to PrairieSky’s royalty share of production (crude oil, natural 
gas, and NGL) is reported by third-party operators for the 
royalty lands. Royalty volumes are recorded as revenue by 
the operator and then paid as a royalty to PrairieSky. 
EM-EP-420a.3(1) Amount invested in renewable energy
(2) revenue generated by renewable energy sales(1) $24,256
(2) $0
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 27-28, 59)
EM-EP-420a.4Discussion of how price and demand for hydrocarbons 
and/or climate regulation influences the capital 
expenditure strategy for exploration, acquisition, and 
development of assetsPrairieSky is a royalty company and does not own any well 
bores or infrastructure. We do collect royalties on third-
party production of oil and natural gas so our business 
can be significantly impacted by low commodity prices; 
reduced demand for hydrocarbons which could lead to 
lower exploration and development, resulting in lower 
production volumes; and climate regulation which may 
increase costs for third-party operators making certain 
projects uneconomic. Lower pricing, reduced demand 
and/or higher regulation may lead to reduced capital 
investment and a higher cost of capital for companies 
in the oil and gas industry. Reduced activity and lower 
commodity prices could negatively impact PrairieSky’s 
royalty revenue and cash flows. The influence of price and 
demand for hydrocarbons and/or climate regulation on the 
capital expenditure strategy for exploration, acquisition 
and development of assets is further discussed under Risk 
Factors in our 2021 Annual Information Form starting on 
page 59.
Water Management — GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
EM-EP-140a.1 ■303-3  
303-5(1) Total fresh water withdrawn
(2) Total fresh water consumed
(3)  Percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely 
High Baseline Water Stress(1) Not applicable as PrairieSky does not have any oil 
and gas exploration, development, production or field 
operations. PrairieSky’s only operations are at head office in 
Calgary, Alberta. 
(2) 494 cubic meters
(3) 0%
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 29, 41, 60) and our 2021 
CDP Water Disclosure.SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
68         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. EM-EP-140a.2 303-1Volume of produced water and flowback generated; 
percentage (1) discharged, (2) injected, (3) recycled; 
hydrocarbon content in discharged waterNot applicable. PrairieSky does not have any oil and gas 
exploration, development, production or field operations. 
PrairieSky’s only operations are at our office building in 
Calgary, Alberta.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41, 60)
EM-EP-140a.3Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there 
is public disclosure of all fracturing fluid chemicals usedNot applicable. PrairieSky does not have any oil and gas 
exploration, development, production or field operations.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41, 60)
EM-EP-140a.4Percentage of hydraulic fracturing sites where ground or 
surface water quality deteriorated compared to a baselineNot applicable. PrairieSky does not have any oil and gas 
exploration, development, production or field operations.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41, 60)
■Estimate and report wherever material along the value 
chain: metric tonnes of nitrogen, phosphorous and 
potassium in fertilizer consumed.Not applicable. PrairieSky does not consume fertilizer.
■Report wherever material along the value chain: the 
valued impact of water pollution, including excess 
nutrients, heavy metals and other toxins.Not applicable. PrairieSky does not have any oil and gas 
exploration, development, production or field operations. 
PrairieSky’s operations include an office building in Calgary, 
Alberta. 
2021 Sustainability Report (page 41)
■Impact of freshwater consumption and withdrawal. 
Report wherever material along the value chain: 
the valued impact of freshwater consumption and 
withdrawal.Not applicable. PrairieSky does not have any oil and gas 
exploration, development, production or field operations. 
PrairieSky’s operations include an office building in 
Calgary, Alberta.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41, 60)
Work is in progress to better interpret this indicator so that 
it may be included in future reports. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions — GRI 305: Emissions 2016
EM-EP-110a.1 ■ 305-1(1) Gross global Scope 1 GHG Emissions
(2) Percentage methane
(3)  Percentage covered under emissions-limiting 
regulations(1) 91.5 metric tons of CO2e (tCO2e)
(2) 0.056%
(3) 0%
For more information, see our 2021 Sustainability Report 
(pages 28, 59-60) and our 2021 CDP Climate Disclosure.
EM-EP-110a.2 ■ 305-1Amount of gross global Scope 1 emissions from: 
(1) flared hydrocarbons, 
(2) other combustion, 
(3) process emissions,
(4) other vented emissions, and 
(5) fugitive emissionsNot applicable. PrairieSky does not have any oil and gas 
exploration, development, production or field operations.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 27-28, 41, 59-60)
■ 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 28, 59-60)
■ 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 29, 60)
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 2021 Sustainability Report (page 60)
EM-EP-110a.3 305-5Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to 
manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, 
and an analysis of performance against those targetsWe are committed to reducing our carbon footprint. From 
2019 to 2021, we purchased green renewable energy to 
offset the total amount of PrairieSky’s Scope 1 emissions.  
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 27-28, 59) and our 2021 
CDP Climate Disclosure.SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
69         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. ■Fully implement the recommendations of the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).PrairieSky has prepared the disclosures based on the 
recommendations of the TCFD. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 7, 26-28)
TCFD Report 2021
PrairieSky has set a target to reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions 
by 50% by 2025. PrairieSky does not currently have a 
target to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050, however, we 
are working on expanding our targets as we undertake a 
number of energy transition opportunities.
■Define and report progress against time-bound 
science-based GHG emissions targets that are in line with 
the goals of the Paris Agreement – to limit global warming 
to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursue 
efforts to limit warming to 1.5°C.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 7, 27-40, 59-60)
PrairieSky has set targets to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 50% by 2025 and uses carbon offsets for all 
remaining Scope 1 and 2 emissions. PrairieSky is currently 
preparing an inventory of Scope 3 emissions.
■Report wherever material along the value chain (GHG 
Protocol Scope 1, 2 & 3) the valued impact of greenhouse 
gas emissions. Disclose the estimate of the societal cost 
of carbon used and the source or basis for this estimate.PrairieSky has set targets to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 50% by 2025 and uses carbon offsets for all 
remaining Scope 1 and 2 emissions. PrairieSky is currently 
preparing an inventory of Scope 3 emissions. Additional 
information may be included in future reports.
Air Quality — GRI 305: Emissions 2016
EM-EP-120a.1 ■ 305-7Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1)
NOx (excluding N2O), (2) SOx, (3) volatile
organic compounds (VOCs), and (4)
particulate matter (PM10)
Wherever possible estimate the proportion of specified 
emissions that occur in or adjacent to urban/densely 
populated areas.(1) NOx 0.0743 metric tonnes of CO2e (tCO2e)
(2) SOx 0.0004 metric tonnes of CO2e (tCO2e)
(3) VOCs 0.0041 metric tonnes of CO2e (tCO2e)
(4) PM10 0.0056 metric tonnes of CO2e (tCO2e)
The estimated proportion of emissions that occur in or 
adjacent to urban/densely populated areas is 100%. See our 
PwC assurance statement.
■Report wherever material along the value chain: the 
valued impact of air pollution, including nitrogen oxides 
(NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), particulate matter and other 
significant air emissions.Not applicable to PrairieSky’s direct operations. PrairieSky 
does not have any oil and gas exploration, development, 
production or field operations. PrairieSky’s operations 
include an office building in Calgary, Alberta.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41, 69)
Work is in progress to better interpret this indicator through 
our value chain. Additional information may be included in 
future reports.
Effluents and Waste — GRI 306: Waste 2020
306-1Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts PrairieSky’s only waste is generated from our head office, 
our only business operations. 2021 Sustainability Report 
(pages 29, 60).
306-2Waste by type and disposal method PrairieSky’s only waste is generated from our head office, 
our only business operations. 2021 Sustainability Report 
(pages 29, 60).
■Report wherever material along the value chain: estimated 
metric tonnes of single-use plastic consumed.
Disclose the most significant applications of single-use 
plastic identified, the quantification approach used and 
the definition of single-use plastic adopted.Not applicable.
Single-use plastic consumed is not material to our value 
chain.
■Report wherever material along the value chain, the 
valued societal impact of solid waste disposal, including 
plastics and other waste streams.Not applicable, PrairieSky’s solid waste disposal is not 
material to our value chain.SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
70         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Biodiversity Impacts — GRI 306: Waste 2020; GRI 304: Biodiversity 2016
EM-EP-160a.1Description of environmental management policies and 
practices for active sites  Not applicable. PrairieSky does not own any well bores 
and has no exploration, development, production 
or field operations. As a result, PrairieSky does not 
have any “active” or “non-active” sites. PrairieSky has 
never incurred or paid a fine or penalty related to the 
environment or any ecological issue. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41-42)
EM-EP-160a.2 306-3Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, 
volume in Arctic, volume impacting shorelines with ESI 
rankings 8-10, and volume recoveredNot applicable. PrairieSky does not own any well bores 
and has no exploration, development, production or 
field operations. As a result, PrairieSky does not have any 
“active” or “non-active” sites. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41-42)
EM-EP-160a.3 304-1Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves 
in or near sites with protected conservation status or 
endangered species habitatNot quantified at this time. We are currently working 
on quantifying our percentage of proved and probable 
reserves (our royalty interest share of proved and probable 
reserves from third-party owned and operated wells) 
in or near sites with protected conservation status or 
endangered species habitat. We plan to quantify this figure 
within the next two years. 
■Report for operations (if applicable) and full supply chain 
(if material):
(1)  Area of land used for the production of basic plant, 
animal or mineral commodities (e.g. the area of land 
used for forestry, agriculture or mining activities).
(2)  Year-on-year change in the area of land used for 
the production of basic plant, animal or mineral 
commodities.
(3)  Percentage of land area in point 1 above or of total 
plant, animal and mineral commodity inputs by 
mass or cost, covered by a sustainability certification 
standard or formalized sustainable management 
program. Disclose the certification standards or 
description of sustainable management programs 
along with the percentage of total land area, mass or 
cost covered by each certification standard/program.Not applicable. PrairieSky does not own any surface 
land rights. PrairieSky owns only the minerals, including 
petroleum and natural gas, below the surface of the 
land. PrairieSky does not own any well bores and has no 
exploration, development, production or field operations.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41-43)
■Report wherever material along the value chain: 
the valued impact of use of land and conversion of 
ecosystems.Not applicable to PrairieSky’s direct operations. PrairieSky 
does not own any surface land rights. PrairieSky owns only 
the minerals, including petroleum and natural gas, below 
the surface of the land. 
PrairieSky does not own any well bores and has no 
exploration, development, production or field operations.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41-44)
Work is in progress to better interpret this indicator through 
our value chain. Additional information may be included in 
future reports.SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
 
71         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Security, Human Rights & Rights of Indigenous Peoples — GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016; GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016; 
GRI 411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples; GRI 412: Human Rights Assessment 2016
■ 406-1Number of discrimination and harassment incidents, 
status of the incidents and actions taken, and the total 
amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with:
a) law violations; and
b) employment discrimination.PrairieSky has had no incidents of discrimination or 
harassment. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 19, 51, 58-59)
■ 407-11.  Percentage of active workforce covered under collective 
bargaining agreements.
2.  An explanation of the assessment performed on 
suppliers for which the right to freedom of association 
and collective bargaining is at risk, including measures 
taken by the organization to address these risks.Not applicable. PrairieSky has no unionized employees
■ 412-11.  Total number and percentage of operations that have 
been subject to human rights reviews or human rights 
impact assessments, by country.
2.  Number and type of grievances reported with 
associated impacts related to a salient human rights 
issue in the reporting period and an explanation on type 
of impacts.None of PrairieSky’s operations have been subject to human 
rights impact assessments. All of PrairieSky’s operations are 
within Canada and we adhere to all laws. 
PrairieSky has had no human rights grievances. None to 
report. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 51, 59)
PrairieSky’s commitment to protecting human rights is 
outlined in our Human Rights Policy. 
EM-EP-210a.1 412-1Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or 
near areas of conflict0%
None of PrairieSky’s proved and probable reserves (our 
royalty interest share of proved and probable reserves from 
third-party owned and operated wells) are in or near areas 
of conflict. All of PrairieSky’s lands are in Western Canada, 
from northeast British Columbia to southwest Manitoba.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 2, 24)
EM-EP-210a.2 412-1Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or 
near indigenous land.4.9%
These reserves represent PrairieSky’s royalty interest 
share of production from third-party owned and operated 
wells. At December 31, 2021, PrairieSky had 66,250 MBOE 
of proved plus probable reserves of which 4.9% are on or 
within 1 mile of Indigenous lands. Approximately 36% of 
these reserves are in the third-party owned and operated 
Onion Lake thermal project. For more information, please 
see our 2021 Sustainability Report (page 51). PrairieSky 
owns over 18 million acres of royalty lands across Western 
Canada. Annually, PrairieSky prepares its corporate reserves 
which are disclosed in our 2021 Annual Information Form 
(starting on page 19).SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
 SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
72         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. EM-EP-210a.3 411-1Discussion of engagement processes and due diligence 
practices with respect to human rights, Indigenous rights, 
and operations in areas of conflict.PrairieSky does not have any oil and gas operations and 
we do not operate in areas of conflict. PrairieSky has a 
Business Code of Conduct, Human Rights Policy, and 
Environment, Climate Change, Health and Safety Policy 
which provide a framework to maintain a safe working 
environment, free of discrimination and harassment, in 
which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity, 
are able to contribute fully and have equal opportunities. 
These policies also deal with harassment and workplace 
violence, for which PrairieSky has zero tolerance, and 
articulate our position with respect to: diversity and 
inclusion, equal opportunity, discrimination, harassment 
and threats or acts of violence; ensuring a safe work 
environment for our employees; our commitment to the 
protection of the environment; reporting inappropriate 
conduct, harassment and workplace violence; disciplinary 
measures; and the development of procedures to prevent 
and address human rights issues. We recognize and respect 
the constitutionally protected rights of Indigenous peoples 
in Canada. PrairieSky does not directly own any mineral 
rights that overlap with contested Indigenous territories. For 
more information, please see our 2021 Sustainability Report 
(pages 19, 24, 50-51, 59). 
■Current wages against the living wage for employees and 
contractors in states and localities where the company is 
operating.100% of PrairieSky’s employees earn a salary that on an 
hourly basis is above the hourly living wage for Calgary, 
Alberta, Canada (location of our only office). In addition to 
a salary, employees are provided with benefits, participate 
in the long-term incentive program and have the 
opportunity to earn an annual bonus upon meeting annual 
performance goals.
Community Relations — GRI 413: Local Communitites 2016
EM-EP-210b.1 413-1Discussion of process to manage risks and opportunities 
associated with community rights and interestsPrairieSky manages risks and opportunities associated 
with community rights and interests through the careful 
selection of property operators that value community 
relationships and development. Crucial to PrairieSky’s 
ongoing success is developing and maintaining long-term 
relationships with industry partners based on mutual 
benefit and adhering to all contractual, ethical and legal 
requirements.  
We recognize and respect the constitutionally protected 
rights of Indigenous peoples in Canada. While we do not 
directly own any mineral rights that overlap with contested 
Indigenous territories, we have gross overriding royalties 
on two thermal oil properties that are in or near traditional 
territories where Indigenous peoples are partnering with 
industry for the development of natural resources. The 
two operators of these properties, Strathcona Resources 
Ltd. and International Petroleum Corp., have agreements 
in place with the Frog Lake First Nation and Onion Lake 
Cree Nation, respectively, to work in partnership on 
certain operations and development of the projects, 
including a commitment to sustainable development. 2021 
Sustainability Report (pages 21-24, 51).
EM-EP-210b.2(1) Number of non-technical days
(2) Duration of non-technical delays(1) 0 
(2) 0
PrairieSky does not have any oil and gas exploration, 
development, production or field operations. As a result, 
there have been no non-technical delays.SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
73         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Workforce Health & Safety — GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
EM-EP-320a.2 403-1Discussion of management systems used to integrate 
a culture of safety throughout the exploration and 
production lifecycleHealth and safety is a priority and our policies and 
procedures cover our operations which includes our head 
office in Calgary, Alberta. Health and safety protocols 
are covered under our Joint Work Site Health and Safety 
Policy. PrairieSky does not own any well bores and has no 
exploration, development, production or field operations. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41, 48, 61).
403-2Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 
investigationEnvironment and Climate Change, Health and Safety Policy
403-3Occupational health services Environment and Climate Change, Health and Safety Policy
403-4Worker participation, consultation, and communication 
on occupational health and safetyEnvironment and Climate Change, Health and Safety Policy
2021 Sustainability Report (page 7, 10, 38-39)
403-5Worker training on occupational health and safety Environment and Climate Change, Health and Safety Policy
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 48-49)
■ 403-6Promotion of worker health Environment and Climate Change, Health and Safety Policy
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 8, 19, 48-49)
403-7Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 
safety impacts directly linked by business relationshipsEnvironment and Climate Change, Health and Safety Policy
EM-EP-320a.1 403-9(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR),
(2) fatality rate,
(3) near miss frequency rate (NMFR), and 
(4) average hours of health, safety, and emergency 
response training for (a) full-time employees, (b) contract 
employees, and (c) short-service employees(1) 0
(2) 0
(3) 0
(4) 0
PrairieSky does not have any field operations. Health 
and safety policies and procedures cover our head office 
location in Calgary, Alberta. Health and safety protocols and 
training are covered under our Joint Work Site Health and 
Safety Policy. PrairieSky had no work-related health and 
safety incidents in 2021, or in any prior year. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41, 48, 61)
■ 403-9The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-
related injury, high-consequence work-related injuries 
(excluding fatalities); recordable work-related injuries; 
main types of work-related injury; and the number of 
hours worked.PrairieSky does not have any field operations. Health 
and safety policies and procedures cover our head office 
location in Calgary, Alberta. Health and safety protocols and 
training are covered under our Joint Work Site Health and 
Safety Policy. PrairieSky had no work-related health and 
safety incidents in 2021, or in any prior year. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41, 48, 61)
■ 403-101.  The number of fatalities as a result of work-related 
ill-health, recordable work-related ill-health injuries, 
and the main types of work-related ill-health for all 
employees and workers.
2.  a) Percentage of employees participating in “best 
practice” health and well-being programs, and b) 
Absentee rate (AR) of all employees.PrairieSky does not have any field operations. Health 
and safety policies and procedures cover our head office 
location in Calgary, Alberta. Health and safety protocols and 
training are covered under our Joint Work Site Health and 
Safety Policy. PrairieSky had no work-related health and 
safety incidents in 2021, or in any prior year. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 19, 48, 61)SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
74         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. ■Monetized impacts of work-related incidents on 
organization. By multiplying the number and type of 
occupational incidents by the direct costs for employees, 
employers per incident (including actions and/or fines 
from regulators, property damage, healthcare costs, 
compensation costs to employees).PrairieSky does not have any field operations. Health and 
safety policies and procedures cover our head office location 
in Calgary, Alberta. Health and safety protocols and training 
are covered under our Joint Work Site Health and Safety 
Policy. PrairieSky had no work-related health and safety 
incidents in 2021, or in any prior year. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 19, 41, 48, 61)
Critical Incident Risk Management
EM-EP-540a.1Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary 
Containment (LOPC) of greater consequence (Tier 1)Not applicable. PrairieSky is not a licensed operator. 
PrairieSky owns no well bores and does not operate in the 
field. As a result, PrairieSky has no process safety event rates 
for loss of primary containment.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41-43, 61)
EM-EP-540a.2Description of management systems used to identify and 
mitigate catastrophic and tail-end risksNot applicable. PrairieSky is not a licensed operator. 
PrairieSky owns no well bores and does not operate in the 
field. As a result, PrairieSky has no management systems to 
identify and mitigate catastrophic and tail-end risks. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41-43)
People — GRI 401: Employment 2016; GRI 404: Training and Education 2016; GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
■ 401-1New employee hires and employee turnover
1. Total number and rate of new employee hires during the 
reporting period, by age group, gender, other indicators of 
diversity and region.
2. Total number and rate of employee turnover during the 
reporting period, by age group, gender, other indicators of 
diversity and region.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 47, 58-59)
In 2021, 95% of our employees responded to our employee 
engagement survey. Of those that responded, 93% of our 
employees indicated high employee satisfaction, exceeding 
our internal target of 85%. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 58-59)
401-2Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 
provided to part-time employees2021 Sustainability Report (page 47)
■ 404-1Average hours of training per person that the 
organization’s employees have undertaken during the 
reporting period, by gender and employee category 
(total number of hours of training provided to employees 
divided by the number of employees).
Average training and development expenditure per 
full time employee (total cost of training provided to 
employees divided by the number of employees).2021 Sustainability Report (page 49)
■1. Investment in training as a percentage (%) of payroll.
2. Effectiveness of the training and development through 
increased revenue, productivity gains, employee 
engagement and/or internal hire rates.2021 Sustainability Report (page 49).
Overall training and education costs totaled $29,000, 
which equates to approximately $520 per FTE, and 
represents less than 1% of total payroll costs. 
404-2Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 
assistance programs2021 Sustainability Report (page 49)
■1. Number of unfilled skilled positions (#).
2. Percentage of unfilled skilled positions for which the 
company will hire unskilled candidates and train them 
(%).PrairieSky has no unfilled skilled positions.SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
75         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 404-3Percentage of employees receiving regular performance 
and career development reviews2021 Sustainability Report (page 49)
■ 405-1Diversity of governance bodies and employees 2021 Sustainability Report (pages 19, 50-51, 58-59)
■ 405-1Percentage of employees per employee category, by age 
group, gender and other indicators of diversity  
(e.g. ethnicity).22021 Sustainability Report (pages 50, 58-59)
■Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration for each 
employee category by significant locations of operation 
for priority areas of equality: women to men, minor to 
major ethnic groups, and other relevant equality areas.Not disclosed at this time due to confidentiality as 
PrairieSky has only one business location with a small 
number of employees.
Forced Labour — GRI 408: Child Labor 2016; GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
■408-1
409-1An explanation of the operations and suppliers 
considered to have significant risk for incidents of child 
labour, forced or compulsory labour. Such risks could 
emerge in relation to:
a) type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and 
type of supplier; and
b) countries or geographic areas with operations and 
suppliers considered at risk.PrairieSky does not have operations or suppliers that are 
considered to have significant risk for incidents of child 
labour, forced or compulsory labour.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 18, 51)
Public Policy
415-1Political Contributions In accordance with our Business Code of Conduct, 
PrairieSky does not make political contributions.
2021 Sustainability Report (page 21)
■ 415The significant issues that are the focus of the company’s 
participation in public policy development and lobbying; 
the company’s strategy relevant to these areas of focus; 
and any differences between its lobbying positions 
and its purpose, stated policies, goals or other public 
positions.2021 Sustainability Report (page 21)
Activity Metrics
EM-EP-000.AProduction of:
(1) oil
(2) natural gas
(3) synthetic oil
(4) synthetic gasOil: 7,541 bbl/d
Natural gas liquids: 2,436 bbl/d
Natural gas: 59.1 MMcf/d
Total production: 19,827 BOE/d
PrairieSky is allocated royalty production from 
approximately 43,000 third-party owned and operated 
wells. PrairieSky does not own any well bores and has 
no field operations. For more information, see our 
2021 Management's Discussion and Analysis (page 2).
EM-EP-000.BNumber of offshore sites Not applicable. PrairieSky does not own any well bores 
and has no field operations.
2021 Sustainability Report (page 41)
EM-EP-000.CNumber of terrestrial sites Not applicable. PrairieSky does not own any well bores 
and has no field operations.
2021 Sustainability Report (page 41)■Monetized impacts of work-related incidents on 
organization. By multiplying the number and type of 
occupational incidents by the direct costs for employees, 
employers per incident (including actions and/or fines 
from regulators, property damage, healthcare costs, 
compensation costs to employees).PrairieSky does not have any field operations. Health and 
safety policies and procedures cover our head office location 
in Calgary, Alberta. Health and safety protocols and training 
are covered under our Joint Work Site Health and Safety 
Policy. PrairieSky had no work-related health and safety 
incidents in 2021, or in any prior year. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 19, 41, 48, 61)
Critical Incident Risk Management
EM-EP-540a.1Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary 
Containment (LOPC) of greater consequence (Tier 1)Not applicable. PrairieSky is not a licensed operator. 
PrairieSky owns no well bores and does not operate in the 
field. As a result, PrairieSky has no process safety event rates 
for loss of primary containment.
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41-43, 61)
EM-EP-540a.2Description of management systems used to identify and 
mitigate catastrophic and tail-end risksNot applicable. PrairieSky is not a licensed operator. 
PrairieSky owns no well bores and does not operate in the 
field. As a result, PrairieSky has no management systems to 
identify and mitigate catastrophic and tail-end risks. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 41-43)
People — GRI 401: Employment 2016; GRI 404: Training and Education 2016; GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
■ 401-1New employee hires and employee turnover
1. Total number and rate of new employee hires during the 
reporting period, by age group, gender, other indicators of 
diversity and region.
2. Total number and rate of employee turnover during the 
reporting period, by age group, gender, other indicators of 
diversity and region.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 47, 58-59)
In 2021, 95% of our employees responded to our employee 
engagement survey. Of those that responded, 93% of our 
employees indicated high employee satisfaction, exceeding 
our internal target of 85%. 
2021 Sustainability Report (pages 58-59)
401-2Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 
provided to part-time employees2021 Sustainability Report (page 47)
■ 404-1Average hours of training per person that the 
organization’s employees have undertaken during the 
reporting period, by gender and employee category 
(total number of hours of training provided to employees 
divided by the number of employees).
Average training and development expenditure per 
full time employee (total cost of training provided to 
employees divided by the number of employees).2021 Sustainability Report (page 49)
■1. Investment in training as a percentage (%) of payroll.
2. Effectiveness of the training and development through 
increased revenue, productivity gains, employee 
engagement and/or internal hire rates.2021 Sustainability Report (page 49).
Overall training and education costs totaled $29,000, 
which equates to approximately $520 per FTE, and 
represents less than 1% of total payroll costs. 
404-2Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 
assistance programs2021 Sustainability Report (page 49)
■1. Number of unfilled skilled positions (#).
2. Percentage of unfilled skilled positions for which the 
company will hire unskilled candidates and train them 
(%).PrairieSky has no unfilled skilled positions.SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference SASB Code WEF 
MetricGRI  
Code Description Reference
76         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. UNGC Communication on  
Progress
Statement of Continued Support from PrairieSky’s CEO
We are committed to operating our business responsibly and with integrity. We believe that our governance and 
management approach is consistent with the principles set forth in the UN Global Compact on human rights, 
labour, environment and anti-corruption and we are dedicated to incorporating these principles into our strategies, 
policies and procedures. We are providing this Communication on Progress (COP) to demonstrate the advancement 
initiatives that we have implemented and to provide information on plans to advance the UN Global Compact 
principles within our business and sphere of influence. In this CoP , we have provided information on our strategies, 
policies and procedures and how they relate to the UN Global Compact Principles for the calendar year ended 
December 31, 2021.
Andrew Phillips , President & Chief Executive Officer
Topic Principles Progress
Human Rights Principle 1 Businesses should support and 
respect the protection of internationally 
proclaimed human rights.
Principle 2 Businesses should make sure that 
they are not complicit in human rights abuses.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 19, 51, 59)
We have a separate Human Rights Policy in place, which along 
with our Code of Business Conduct and Respectful Workplace Policy, 
underscore our commitment.
We also have a Supplier Code of Conduct to further integrate our 
commitment to the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact to 
include our core service providers and suppliers.
We have demonstrated our commitment through our human rights 
metrics in our performance summary table.
Labour Principle 3 Businesses should uphold the 
freedom of association and the effective 
recognition of the right to collective bargaining. 
Principle 4 Businesses should uphold 
the elimination of all forms of forced and 
compulsory labour. 
Principle 5 Businesses should uphold the 
effective abolition of child labour; and  
Principle 6 Businesses should uphold the 
elimination of discrimination in respect of 
employment and occupation.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 19, 51, 59)
In 2021, our business employed 56 full and part-time staff. We 
do not have any unionized workers.  We have a Human Rights 
Policy in place which underscores our commitment to adhering 
to all applicable domestic laws and best practices within Canada, 
including those concerning freedom of association and collective 
bargaining, non-discrimination, forced labour and underage 
workers in the workplace.
In addition to our Code of Business Conduct and Human Rights 
Policy, both of which are discussed above, PrairieSky has adopted:
• a Respectful Workplace Policy; 
• an Environment, Climate Change, Health and Safety Policy; and
• a Joint Worksite Health and Safety Committee Policy.
We have a  Supplier Code of Conduct to further integrate our 
commitment to the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact to 
include our core service providers and suppliers.  
We have demonstrated our commitment through our human rights 
metrics in our performance summary table.
77         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Topic Principles Progress
Environment Principle 7 Businesses should support a 
precautionary approach to environmental 
challenges. 
Principle 8 Businesses should undertake 
initiatives to promote greater environmental 
responsibility. 
Principle 9 Businesses should encourage the 
development and diffusion of environmentally-
friendly technologies.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 11, 26-27, 39-40)
Our corporate policies include environmental, social and gover -
nance as part of our long-term strategy and goals. 
We have demonstrated our commitment through our resource use 
metrics in our performance summary table.
We are also participating in a number of energy transition projects 
which are at various stages with an overall goal to provide energy 
with lower associated greenhouse gas emissions. As these projects 
evolve, we expect to provide additional information, including with 
respect to the project’s positive contribution to reducing overall 
carbon intensity of energy production and ensuring ethical and 
sustainable development of resources. 
Anti-Corruption Principle 10 Businesses should work against 
corruption in all its forms, including extortion 
and bribery.2021 Sustainability Report (pages 18-19, 24, 58)
We have demonstrated our commitment through our anti-
corruption metrics in our performance summary table. In 2021, we 
added mandatory Business Code of Conduct training for all staff. 
Statement of Continued Support from PrairieSky’s CEO
Refer to pages 11 and 54 for examples of how PrairieSky is contributing to advancing the 17 Sustainable Development Goals.
Measurement of Outcomes
Refer to our performance summary table starting on page 58 which includes metrics used to measure the outcomes  
of our commitment.
Additional Information
58-101 – Definition of Independence
Disclosure of Corporate Governance Practices (as implemented by the Canadian Securities Administrators). According to NI 58-101,  
a Board member is independent if he or she has no direct or indirect material relationship with the issuer. A “material relationship”  
is a relationship which could, in the view of the issuer's board of directors, be reasonably expected to interfere with the exercise of a 
member's independent judgement. The following individuals are considered to have a material relationship with an issuer and are 
therefore not independent:
• an individual who is, or has been within the last three years, an employee or executive officer of the issuer; an individual whose immediate family 
member is, or has been within the last three years, an executive officer of the issuer;
• an individual who: (i) is a partner of a firm that is the issuer's internal or external auditor, (ii) is an employee of that firm, or (iii) was within the last 
three years a partner or employee of that firm and personally worked on the issuer's audit within that time;
• an individual whose spouse, minor child or stepchild, or child or stepchild who shares a home with the individual: (i) is a partner of a firm that is the 
issuer's internal or external auditor, (ii) is an employee of that firm and participates in its audit, assurance or tax compliance (but not tax planning) 
practice, or (iii) was within the last three years a partner or employee of that firm and personally worked on the issuer's audit within that time;
• an individual who, or whose immediate family member, is or has been within the last three years, an executive officer of an entity if any of the 
issuer's current executive officers serves or served at that same time on the entity's compensation committee;
• an individual who received, or whose immediate family member who is employed as an executive officer of the issuer received, more than $75,000 in 
direct compensation from the issuer during any 12 month period within the last three years;
• an individual who accepts, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from the issuer or any subsidiary entity of the 
issuer, other than as remuneration for acting in his or her capacity as a member of the board of directors or any board committee, or as a part-time 
chair or vice-chair of the board or any board committee; and
• an individual who is an affiliated entity of the issuer or any of its subsidiary entities.
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Certain statements and information contained in this Sustainability Report may constitute forward-looking information and forward-looking 
statements (collectively referred to herein as “forward-looking statements”) within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including, but not 
limited to, statements regarding: PrairieSky’s plans, objectives and strategies to continue to look for ways to reduce our impact on the environment; 
PrairieSky’s commitment to continuous improvement with respect to ESG topics; PrairieSky’s initiatives and participation in energy transition 
opportunities; PrairieSky’s monitoring of the impacts of oil and gas operations on the environment; the belief that Canadian energy is subject to one 
of the highest regulatory and legal standards in the world for the protection of the  environment, good governance and human rights; PrairieSky’s 
business outlook, such as our ability to remain financially profitable and resilient, create value for shareholders and retain our competitive advantage; 
PrairieSky’s initiatives to continually develop our environmental, social and governance objectives, including CDP reporting, advancing certain 
disclosures to include standards outlined by the Task Force on Climate -Related Financial Disclosures, and the Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board, as well as World Economic Forum core and expanded metrics and disclosures; and providing third-party assurance of certain key ESG 
performance indicators; and other statements that are not historically facts. Readers are cautioned that the forgoing list is not exhaustive and readers 
should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as they are subject to a number of assumptions and known and unknown risks 
and uncertainties that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of PrairieSky to be materially different from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Please refer to PrairieSky’s most recent Annual Information 
Form and Management’s Discussion and Analysis both of which are available at www.prairiesky.com for a discussion of the material assumptions and 
risks that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements 
contained in this Sustainability Report. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made as of the date of this document, and except to 
the extent required by applicable securities laws and regulations, PrairieSky disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise forward-looking 
statements made herein or otherwise, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. The forward-looking statements contained 
in this document are expressly qualified by this cautionary note. Forward-Looking Statements
78         
79         
2021      |      Sustainability  Report       |      PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. 
Contact 
Information
Office Address: 
Suite 1700 350 7th Ave SW 
Calgary AB 
T2P 3N9
Mailing Address: 
PO Box 780 Station M 
Calgary AB 
T2P 2J6
investor.relations@prairiesky.com
Phone & Fax: 
P 587.293.4000 
F 587.293.4001
Whistleblower Hotline: 
P 1.800.661.9675 
www.prairiesky.confidenceline.net
www.prairiesky.com
Design:  
ARTHUR / HUNTER
TSX  | PSK