¥¥¥¥
¥
¥
¥¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
2021  Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report Tower A, Building 2, No.6 Jiuxianqiao Road, 
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100015, China
Contact
For Financial Institutions ：jr@360shuke.com
For Marketing ：marketing@360shuke.com
For Public Relations ：pr@360shuke.com
www.360shuke.comEnvironmental, 
Social and 
Governance Report2021
ESG
• Reporting period
This report covers the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021
• Objectives
This ESG Report aims to identify the material sustainability issues most relevant to the company, and provide 
information on how the company is mitigating the risk and exploring the opportunities presented by them so as to 
provide our stakeholders with a better understanding of our social values, strategies and sustainability initiatives.
• The scope of reporting
The content of this ESG report takes into account the importance of sustainable development of the company ’s 
operations. Since the Company is a financial technology company established in Shanghai, China and its main 
revenue is derived from its business in the Chinese market, this ESG report mainly reflects the ESG performance of 
the Shanghai headquarters and branch companies during the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021.
• Reporting standards
The Report is compiled based on the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide, Appendix 27 of 
the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited Listing Rules. We use a consistent methodology to make fair 
comparisons with historical data and disclose ESG performance comprehensively and objectively.
• Indicators selection
The indicators in the Report are selected and elaborated upon following the principles of “materiality, quantitative, 
balance, and consistency ” to disclose Company performance in the material issues. We will make continuous 
adjustments and optimization to the disclosure indicators in subsequent reports.
Materiality: 360 DigiTech uses the stakeholder right-interest model, stakeholder engagement mechanism and 
materiality assessment matrix to identify corporate and social responsibility issues that are material or relevant to the 
Company and its stakeholders.
Quantitative: 360 DigiTech embodies the quantitative principle by disclosing measurable key performance indicators.
Balance: 360 DigiTech presents its work in environmental, social and governance aspects in a fair and objective 
manner in this Report.
Consistency: 360 DigiTech has adopted a consistent approach to data disclosure, compared the data over the years 
in the Report, and noted changes in statistical methods and key performance indicators.
• Source of information
The qualitative and quantitative information used in the Report is sourced from 360 DigiTech Inc. ’s public information, 
internal documents and relevant statistics.
• Company name in short
For ease of presentation and reading, “360 DigiTech, Inc. ” is also referred to as “360 DigiTech ”, “the Company ” or 
“We” in this report.
• Form of release
The online version of the Report is available for download on the websites of 360 DigiTech, Inc. ( https://ir.360shuke.
com/).
• Feedback
This report aims to provide stakeholders and the public with a better understanding of the company ’s corporate 
social responsibility and corporate values. We welcome your comments on this report and its contents, which will help 
us build a consensus on corporate social responsibility. Please contact us at ir@360shuke.com.About The Report
360 Introduction
Honors of 360 DigiTech in 20212
Identification, Evaluation and 
Ranking of Substantive 
Issues
Stakeholder Communication6
Corporate Governance
Compliance and Anti-corruption 
Management10
Innovation and R&D
Product Risk Management
Intellectual Property Protection16Customers First
Supplier Management
Charitable Giving24
Compensation and Benefits
Health and Safety
Development and Training
Safeguard the Rights of 
Employees32
Resource Utilisation
Emission Management
Climate Response and  
Ecological Environment
Green Finance42
“ESG Guide ” Content Index
Data statistics50Contents
Mutually Bene/f_icial 
Cooperation
Company Overview
Analysis of Material 
Issues
Corporate 
Responsibility 
Governance
Responsible Operation
People Oriented
 Proud of Green
 Appendix
¥¥¥¥
¥
¥
¥¥
Company 
Overview
360 Introduction
Honors of  
360 DigiTech in 20214
5

4
Company Overview
360 Introduction
We are a leading fintech platform in China, dedicated to empowering financial institutions through technology to provide 
better and more accurate financial products and services to consumers and small and micro business owners. With 
powerful artificial intelligence technology and in-depth user insights, we provide solutions that have significant advantages in 
helping financial institutions acquire customers, match optimization, risk assessment and post-loan management, including 
360 IOUs, 360 small and micro loans, 360 installments, etc.
5
Company Overview2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Named one of KPMG's 
Top 50 Leading FinTech 
Companies for three 
consecutive yearsAwarded the “Golden 
Brick Award • Small and 
Micro Service 
Outstanding Contribution 
Institution” by Southern 
Metropolis Daily
Awarded the Davos 
Forum's 2021 New 
Champions Award, 
becoming the only 
winner in AsiaAwarded Benzinga 
“Product of the Year”Wins World Bank 
Global SME Finance 
Forum “Product 
Innovation of the Year”Selected for the FTSE 
Emerging Markets and 
FTSE Asia ESG Low 
Carbon Select Index
Listed on the list of 
“2021 Top 30 Banking 
Technology Service 
Providers” by Zero 
One Finance
Awarded the “Leading 
Scienti/f_ic and 
Technological 
Achievements Excellent 
Project” of the 2021 
China International Big 
Data Industry Expo and 
was included in the 
national social science 
award directoryThe Journal of the 
Operational Research 
Society, the UK's top 
operations research 
journal, features 360 
GBST algorithm papers in 
several subjectsSelected as “Zhuoxin Big 
Data Program” of China 
Academy of Information 
and Communications 
Technology of the 
Ministry of Industry and 
Information TechnologyWon three awards from 
The Asian Banker, 
namely “China's Annual 
Anti-Fraud Technology 
Implementation”, "China's 
Annual Risk Data and 
Analysis Technology 
Implementation” and 
"China's Best Digital 
Loan Service”
Selected as the /f_irst 
camp of IDC China's 
“2021 Noteworthy 
Fintech Ecosystem 
Atlas”Selected into IDC's 
“China Retail Credit 
Risk Control Solutions 
Market Vendor 
Evaluation Report”
Selected by KPMG 
2020 China's Leading 
Fintech 50 
Companies ListAwarded the 
Anti-Fraud 
Contribution Award by 
the Internet and 
Financial Anti-Fraud 
Alliance
360 DigiTech Flush won 
the “Most In/f_luential Hong 
Kong and U.S. Stock 
Award”Won the “Best Fintech 
Company” award of 
the year “TheAsset”Honors of 360 DigiTech in 2021
¥¥¥¥
¥
¥
¥¥
Analysis of 
Material Issues
Identification, Evaluation  
and Ranking of  
Substantive Issues
Stakeholder Communication8
9

8
Identification, Evaluation and Ranking of Substantive Issues
In accordance with the HKEX ’s ESG Reporting Guidelines, the company has identified material issues that have a significant 
impact on itself and its stakeholders across a wide range of material issues, in conjunction with internal and external 
communication and discussion. These issues contribute to the development of ESG governance and risk management 
measures at the company level and ensure that companies effectively address the significant concerns of stakeholders. 
These topics help to develop ESG governance and risk management measures at the company level and ensure that the 
company effectively addresses the major concerns of stakeholders.
According to the principle of importance, the company ranked the identified major substantive issues through the 
importance matrix and passed the review of the management. The results are as follows:Analysis of Material Issues
1 0 3 2 5 413
25
45 According to the relevance / importance of key issues to the company, the rating is 0-5:
0 - Irrelevant; 1 - Not very Important; 2 - A little Important;
3 - Important; 4 - Very Important; 5 - Extremely Important
Highly important 
issue group
10
11
12138
91
2 3
76 45
10
11
12
138
91
2
3
4
765Highly important 
substantive issues
Product quality assurance
Innovation and R&D
Intellectual property protection
Compliance operation
Staff training and development
Employee health and safety
Customer /f_irst
Moderately important 
substantive issues
Supplier management
Emission management
Employee rights
Community public welfare
Minor important 
substantive issues
Resource use
Response to extreme weatherExternal evaluation: importance to stakeholders
Internal evaluation: importance for 360 digital departments
9
Analysis of Material Issues2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Stakeholder Communication
We welcome stakeholders to provide feedback and exchange with the company on sustainable development issues. For a 
long time, we have maintained continuous and close communication with stakeholders through a wide range of channels 
(including but not limited to regular business activities, media platforms and various reports), in order to better understand 
their views on the current social practice of the company, and to gain insight into the deficiencies that need to be improved.
In addition, we regularly review the company ’s sustainable development practices related to environment, society and 
governance to ensure that the company meets the expectations of stakeholders, regulators, and other market participants. 
The following are the concerns and communication methods of stakeholders:
Stakeholders Substantive issues of concern Response of enterprise
ClientInnovation R & D Increase R&D investment in product innovation
Product Quality Assurance Improve customer service quality
Customer FirstTurn customer complaints into front-end risk 
control
Customer complaint handling mechanism
StaffEmployee rights Implement advanced employment standards
Employee health and safety Strengthen safety knowledge education
Staff training and development Improve relevant training mechanisms
Employee compensation and benefits Improve the salary system
Labour standards Establish and improve internal system
ShareholderCorporate governance Implement ESG governance
Compliance operationCompliance management system
Establish anti-fraud reporting mechanism and 
policy
Innovation and R&DEstablish industry standards and promote 
industry progress
Supplier Supplier managementSupplier evaluation and communication
Green Supplier Management
Business Partner Intellectual property protectionEstablish intellectual property protection 
policies
Strengthen training on intellectual property 
protection
Government and 
Regulatory AgenciesCompliance and anti-corruption 
managementInformation disclosure
Environmental 
OrganizationResource use Policy formulation and Implementation
Emission management Strict management of emissions
Extreme weather response Implement ecological protection measures
CommunityCommunity public welfare Participate in public welfare activities
Poverty alleviation charity Organize poverty alleviation charity assistance
Carbon neutralization programSupporting policies related to carbon 
neutralization
¥¥¥¥
¥
¥
¥¥
Corporate 
Responsibility 
Governance
Corporate Governance
Compliance and 
Anti-corruption 
Management13
14

12
360 DigiTech, Inc. has established a modern organizational structure in compliance with the requirements of laws, 
regulations and normative documents including the Companies Ordinance , the Securities Law, and the Code of Corporate 
Governance for Listed Companies etc. As of December 31, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company has 9 directors 
in total, including 3 independent directors. The Board of Directors has Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and 
Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee, and establish corresponding implementation rules to meet the 
development demands of the company.Corporate Responsibility Governance
Hongyi Zhou      Age: 51    Gender: MaleChairman of the Board of Directors
Wei Liu      Age: 44     Gender: MaleVice Chairman of the Board of Directors
Haisheng 
Wu
Age: 39
Gender:
MaleEric 
Xiaohuan 
Chen
Age: 40
Gender:
MaleDan 
Zhao
Age: 42
Gender:
MaleGang 
Xiao
Age: 46
Gender:
MaleYongjin 
Fu
Age: 51
Gender:
MaleAndrew 
Y Yan
Age: 64
Gender:
MaleAlex Xu
Age: 53
Gender:
Male
Chief Executive 
Ofﬁcer and DirectorDirectorDirectorIndependent 
DirectorIndependent 
DirectorIndependent 
DirectorDirector and 
Chief Financial OfﬁcerBoard of Directors
13
Corporate Responsibility Governance2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Case
360 DigiTech, Inc. were selected into FTSE Emerging ESG Low Carbon Select Index 
and FTSE Asia ex Japan ESG Low Carbon Select Index
On September 17, 2021, FTSE Russell, the index company under the London Stock Exchange, announced 
that 360 DigiTech, Inc. were selected into its two low-carbon select indexes － FTSE Emerging ESG Low 
Carbon Select Index & FTSE Asia ex-Japan ESG Low Carbon Select Index. The selection of the Company in 
ESG index indicates that 360 DigiTech, Inc. is not only recognized by the capital market as a subject with deep 
investment value, but also verifies the fruitful development achievements of 360 DigiTech, Inc. as a technology 
company in the low-carbon strategy.
In order to actively respond to the national “3060” carbon neutralization goal, 360 DigiTech, Inc. released the 
2021 carbon neutralization plan  this year, promising to gradually realize the carbon neutralization of operational 
emissions (include scope I and scope II) from this year and reach the carbon peak in 2030; achieved zero net 
greenhouse gas emissions for both internal businesses and client activities before 2060.
In addition, while pursuing efficient ESG governance, the company continues to pay attention to enterprise 
risk management. The board of directors is responsible for supervising and reviewing the effectiveness of risk 
management and internal control system related to the sustainable development of the company, reviewing 
the annual risk management report and ensuring that an effective risk management and internal control system 
has been established. The company insists on tracing back the company ’s operation status according to the 
risk point, constantly optimizing the company ’s risk management system, and strives to become a pioneer in 
the industry and global sustainable development.Corporate Governance
360 DigiTech, Inc. promotes sustainable strategy within the company and regards it as one of the core competitive 
advantages of the company in the future. Our board of directors is responsible for formulating the sustainable development 
strategy and supervising its implementation. It is committed to building a green office environment, as well as improving the 
utilization rate of enterprise resources, so as to fulfil the responsibilities of 360 DigiTech, Inc. to shareholders and society. 
The company has set up an environmental, social and governance working group to lead the company ’s sustainable 
development management. The working group, including all key functional departments, takes the lead in designing an ESG 
action plan, regularly discusses the problems encountered in the process of work and reports to management, which then 
reports major matters to the board of directors as appropriate.
Board of Directors
Assess and determine the risks 
related to ESG; Review and 
review ESG policy and ESG 
Report.Management Layer
Strengthen ESG risk 
management and internal 
control measures; Provide 
guidance to the executive team 
of ESG project.Urge all departments to 
implement ESG policies; Lead 
the design of ESG action plan, 
guide and implement ESG 
related affairs.ESG Working Group
14
Compliance and Anti-corruption Management
360 DigiTech, Inc. adheres to the principle of compliant operation and regards it as the cornerstone of sustainable 
development. In carrying out various businesses, the company strictly abides by the provisions of relevant laws of the 
country and region where it is located, such as compliance operation, environmental protection, and occupational health 
and so on, strictly abides by the code of business ethics, and adheres to the principles of honesty and dedication, discipline 
and law-abiding, fair competition and honest operation.
Compliance Management
In 2021, the company ’s compliance department further formulated a series of compliance risk management related 
systems as a management standard for supervising the company ’s compliance work on the basis of the original compliance 
management. In addition, the compliance department continued to take the lead in carrying out daily compliance inspection 
and risk monitoring, organizing compliance training, and reviewing the compliance of the company ’s internal rules, 
regulations, products, and business processes & project agreements in relation to business compliance operation.
Compliance Training
We take note of the training of employees ’ compliance knowledge. In 2021, the Compliance Department carried out 
training work many times through face-to-face teaching, live broadcast or online courses. Training topics include, but are 
not limited to, network security and data compliance, financial consumer rights protection, and compliance operations. So 
as to enhance the compliance awareness and self-discipline ability of all employees.
Anti-corruption Management
Anti-corruption management has always been a constant concern of all sectors of society, including customers, suppliers 
and other stakeholders. 360 DigiTech, Inc. has always implemented a “zero tolerance ” standard for corruption, actively 
advocated the integrity of honest and trustworthy business behaviour, and resolutely resisted all forms of commercial bribery 
and corruption. In order to avoid the occurrence of corruption and standardize the management of conflicts of interest, the 
company has established anti-fraud management regulations  and whistle-blower protection and reward regulations  based 
on the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, benchmarking industry practice and combined with the actual 
situation of the company, clarifying the requirements for the prevention of fraud, anti-fraud investigation and handling of 
fraud. The main contents of the system include: the principle of conflict of interest, gifts acception, whistleblower protection, 
etc. In addition, we carry out the publicity and implementation of integrity culture for all employees of the company, 
strengthen the educational effect through irregular anti-corruption training, and form a fair and honest corporate culture. In 
2021, we did not find any acts of corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering, nor any litigation cases caused 
by the above matters.
Confidential Information Protection
We also attach importance to the protection of trade secrets, consumer privacy and other information security. In order 
to prevent the leakage of trade secrets and the invasion of information security, our company has established a special 
data security risk team and set up security interfaces of various departments to carry out data compliance and personal 
information protection. Specific measures are as follows:
15
Corporate Responsibility Governance2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Trade Secret 
ProtectionSpecial 
GroupEstablish a special data security 
risk team, set up security interfaces 
of various departments, and carry 
out data compliance and personal 
information protection.
When providing data and materials 
to the outside world, it is required 
to sign a con/f_identiality agreement 
and conduct compliance review in 
the form of OA or e-mail.Revise and improve the data 
source access veri/f_ication 
standards, formulate new 
data source con/f_identially and 
cooperation standard 
agreements.Carry out data security training 
and examination for personnel in 
sensitive positions and all 
employees of the company, and 
develop a corresponding data 
processing review process.Perfect 
Standard
Con/f_identiality 
ManagementTraining 
Veri/f_ication
Information Security
Information security is also an important foundation for company compliance operations. In order to strengthen information 
security management, the company complies with the local government ’s Internet Information Service Management 
Measures, Software Product Management Measures, Data Security Law  and other relevant laws and regulations, and has 
established the Backup and Recovery Management System, System Security Management System, Data Hierarchical 
Management System and other related systems within the enterprise, strengthening network security construction from the 
management level.
In addition, in order to improve the overall security factor of the company, we need to validate the internal data security 
protection strategy in response to evolving attack methods. The company holds “information security attack and defense 
drills” irregularly, to uncover the company ’s security problems in the way of actual combat, to attack and test to prevent, to 
attack to promote defense, improving the overall internal security defense capabilities.
With the increasing complexity of Internet technology, common network attacks such as cracking corporate information 
security systems, email scams, phishing and social media scams are rampant. In order to protect data security and 
improve employees ’ awareness of information security, the company regularly pushes information technology compliance 
knowledge for employees, organizes relevant training and activities, and enhances employees ’ awareness of network 
security, so as to reduce the possibility of employees and data being exposed to such threats. For example, in June 2021, 
China promulgated the Data Security Law of the People ’s Republic of China . We actively responded to and studied the 
relevant policies, and conducted training on the “Data Security Law ” for all members of our information security working 
group; In September 2021, in order to improve employees ’ awareness of cyber security, the company ’s information 
security department organized a “cyber security theme ” training; throughout 2021, the information security department held 
“information security answering activities ” regularly in a lively and interesting form so as to let employees absorb relevant 
knowledge and popularize safety culture.
¥¥¥¥
¥
¥
¥¥
Responsible 
Operation
Innovation and R&D
Product Risk 
Management
Intellectual Property 
Protection18
21
22

18
Innovation and R&D
Since its establishment, the company has always been committed to providing safe, fast and inclusive financial services 
for individuals and families through scientific and technological innovation to create a better life. In compliance with relevant 
laws, regulations and regulatory policies of the industry, such as the Measures for The Administration of Internet Loans of 
Commercial Banks, the Interim Measures for The Administration of Online Microfinance Business and The Measures for The 
Administration of Credit Investigation Business , we have established a strong innovation and R&D team, which collaborates 
with more than 100 national and local financial institutions. Through technology export empowerment, we develop various 
technology projects to help financial institutions connect hundreds of millions of Internet users, realize the integration 
of capital and technology, improve the efficiency of financial services, and solve the problems of difficult and expensive 
financing.
The visual risk control engine developed by the company can be used to identify 20+ risk scenarios such as criminal people, 
gambling venues, loan agency companies, etc., and has constructed 100+ visual features, with a daily using of nearly 
100,000 times, which increases the manual efficiency by 50%. It can also improve the accuracy of fraud identification and 
effectively supplements the fraud identification ability in API, H5 and other data missing scenarios. The application of the 
visual risk control engine has greatly improved the recognition efficiency, and also completed the risk confirmation for users, 
and practiced the corporate responsibility for risk user identification.Responsible Operation
Case
Research and development of Intelligent Voice Robot project
During the reporting period, 360 DigiTech, Inc. intelligent voice robots 
made a breakthrough in bionic dialling technology, and fully applied 
this technology to the internal new electric sales man-machine 
integration project, truly realized the service mode of man-machine 
seamless integration, and greatly improved the user experience. The 
new telemarketing human-computer integration project combines self-
developed ASR, acoustic cloning technology, conversion prediction 
model and other intelligent technologies to follow up the dialogue with 
customers in real time, so as to ensure that the user ’s intention can 
be judged after lower rounds of interactive Q&A. At the same time, the 
artificial agent can monitor the dialogue between the robot and the 
customer in real time with the help of senseless intervention technology, 
so as to achieve senseless intervention and replace the dialogue. 
Based on the overall effect analysis, the new e-marketing model of  
man-machine integration has obvious advantages over the old model, and the improvement range of new 
man-machine completion rate, new credit rate and single customer cost is very obvious compared with the old 
model. In view of the successful performance of intelligent voice robot in the application of internal new electric 
marketing man-machine integration, the project won the “excellent project ” award of 2021 Leading Scientific 
and Technological Achievements  issued by the international big data industry expo.

19
Responsible Operation2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Case
GBST Algorithm Pioneered by 360 DigiTech, Inc. included in Top International Journals
In July 2021, the paper “Gradient boosting survival tree with applications in credit scoring ” published by 
360 DigiTech, Inc. research was included in the Journal of the operational research society, an old top-level 
operational research journal in the UK, which focuses on the application of technical methods in various fields. 
360 DigiTech, Inc. risk control research team takes the most popular cutting-edge “survival analysis model ” in 
the field of credit risk analysis in the world as the starting point, combined with the integrated tree model, to 
more accurately describe the change trend of risk over time, so as to make more accurate risk decisions.
In the risk control scenario, the algorithm can more accurately predict the default probability of customers after 
instalment borrowing, and make longer-term risk decisions in the future with the minimum time cost, such as 
pre-loan risk access, high-quality customer group recovery in the loan, etc. In addition, the model can help the 
risk control strategy formulate more reasonable quota, pricing and period strategies, and realize personalized 
product customization.
In the marketing scenario, the GBST algorithm is used to predict the dynamic lending willingness of stock 
customers in the time dimension, assist the marketing department in user marketing, help to realize a 
diversified, multi customer group and multi state online marketing strategy, and improve power generation and 
user conversion rates while saving marketing costs.
20
Case
Continuously Upgrading Anti-fraud Technology
The anti-fraud level of 360 DigiTech, Inc. has always been in a leading position in the industry. In the case 
of rapid iteration of black product fraud, 360 DigiTech, Inc. applied the underlying technologies such as 
artificial intelligence and big data, and continuously attacked fraud gangs and individuals by building layers of 
protective walls.
360 DigiTech, Inc. self-developed “passive face recognition, ” based on living detection, provides insight into 
the abnormal operation of the account and perceives whether the account is operated by the account owner, 
so as to curb fraud. Unlike many Fintech companies that build face recognition, image recognition and other 
technologies by introducing third-party technical forces, 360 DigiTech, Inc. not only applies the self-developed 
recognition technology to its own business scenarios, but also outputs it to other financial institutions for anti-
fraud applications in combination with risk control models and blacklists. In 2021, the system built by the visual 
anti-fraud project was fully launched after internal testing, and it has been used throughout the company. At 
present, the average daily volume of the visual anti-fraud system is stable at about 60,000. It involves patented 
innovative technologies such as image recognition, anti-fraud, user portrait and visual recognition. It can be 
applied to a total of 15 anti-fraud scenes, such as intermediary agency identification, suspected underworld 
related identification and suspected use identification.
‧ Output to investigation and trial, and use manual ef/f_iciency
‧ The application of over return and manual trading strategies to 
improve the accuracy of the current strategy‧ Output innovation value label
‧ As input to other modelsRisk Group Capture1 Targeting 2 3Build Visual Label Library
Intermediary Agency 
1. Replacement identi/f_ication
2. WIFI/LBS Background Similarity
3. In car application
4. Application with backpack
Suspected Triad Related
1. Malignant tattoo recognition
2. Rough gold chain accessories
3. Bald head, large area bare
Doubtful Use
1. Medical background recognition Prohibited Occupation
1. Suspected soldier
2. Suspected students
Occupation Label
1. Coach driver
2. Freight driver
3. Courier
4. Environment suspected Entertainment
Suspected MLM related personnel
1. Pyramid scheme sensitive words Facial Features
1. Analyze the detailed parameters of 
facial features and output the speci/f_ic 
parameter values
Human Contour Position Label
1. Output the contour position in the 
image where the human body is 
located as the input of other models, 
such as the scene that needs to 
distinguish the background from the 
human body.
Project 
Objective
21
Responsible Operation2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Product Risk Management
As a technology driven company, loan risk has always been regarded as one of our main risks. Therefore, the company has 
always regarded loan risk control as the core risk control issue. 360 DigiTech, Inc. branch continues to improve loan risk 
management measures to minimize the possibility of risk, and effectively identify, manage and minimize the risk of each loan 
by establishing an orderly internal credit risk control system. The risk management of corporate loans is mainly divided into 
four management stages: customer acquisition, pre-loan access and credit granting, in-loan customer management and 
post-loan collection:
01
Customer Acquisition 
Management
We have clear risk requirements 
and target customers who meet 
the risk criteria. By calculating 
the matching model and 
response model of customers in 
real time, we can accurately 
obtain target customers who 
meet our risk preference at the 
delivery end.02
Pre-Loan Access 
and Credit
Through the self-developed 
credit risk assessment and anti 
fraud algorithms, accurately 
identify the customer's credit 
and fraud risks, and make 
scienti/f_ic credit, pricing and 
quota decisions.03
In-Loan Customer 
Management
Optimize the customer's risk 
scoring model, credit card 
trading limit and other anti fraud 
tools.04
Post-Loan Collection 
Management
Use advanced collection model, 
intelligent case division strategy 
and intelligent voice robot to 
improve our collection ef/f_iciency.
In these four main management stages, we could further categorize them into top-level strategy application, middle-level 
algorithm and model, and bottom-level technology and system. Taking the in-loan risk management as an example: the 
top level is the customer ’s trading strategy and rules; the middle layer is the relationship graph supporting these rules, 
XGboost and other machine learning models and algorithms, including our own patented GBST and other unique advanced 
algorithms; and the bottom layer is the support of our decision engine, model engine, graph calculation, flow calculation and 
other middle desk systems, as well as the support of application systems such as intelligent risk control platform Argus. As 
our intelligent platform, Argus, integrates 100,000+ customer dimensions, deploys 10,000+ risk decision rules and 400+ 
machine learning model inputs. This guarantees an excellent performance of more than 99% correctness in automated 
decision-making and less than 0.2% fraud rate.
Customer 
DimensionRisk RulesLearning 
ModelAutomatic 
Decision
100,000+ 10,000+ 400+ 99%+
22
Intellectual Property Protection
In order to ensure the continuous promotion of innovation, we pay attention to the protection of the company ’s intellectual 
property rights and patents. The legal department of the company is responsible for dealing with intellectual property 
and patent-related affairs, including formulating and implementing the company ’s intellectual property strategy and plan, 
establishing an intellectual property risk management system, mitigating intellectual property and patent related risks, 
managing and implementing patent layout, mining and application management, and assisting in dealing with intellectual 
property-related litigation, when necessary.Case
Argus intelligent risk control platform won the “Annual Product Innovation ” Award
In October 2021, the Argus intelligent risk control platform won the authoritative award of “annual product 
innovation ” in the field of Inclusive Finance again. The award was sponsored by the International Finance 
Corporation (IFC), a member of the World Bank Group, and the global SME finance forum, while supported 
by the G20 Global Partnership for Financial Inclusion (GPFI). Argus dual center model solves audit, judgment 
and other problems through comprehensive risk management, makes full use of the risk control advantages 
accumulated in the field of consumer finance, and forms a dual center risk control model suitable for small 
breeze control based on the past “C-end” single center model. On the basis of fully understanding the 
personal risk of business owners, this model introduces an enterprise relationship network to identify the risk 
status of enterprises. With more than 400 real-time operation models formed by the intersection of more than 
100,000 dimensions and more than 6,000 variables at the individual risk control level of business owners, 
more than 10,000 enterprise information derived variables are formed through feature engineering mining.

23
Responsible Operation2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Intellectual Property Management
With reference to the Patent Law of the people ’s Republic of China, the Trademark Law of the people ’s Republic of 
China , the patent examination guide and other relevant laws, regulations and normative documents, we implemented 
a management system of intangible assets such as patent rights and trademark rights, and formulated the Intellectual 
Property Management System and the Patent Inventor Reward System . Through the establishment of a systematic 
program, we have standardized the management of intellectual property rights and patents, established a maintenance and 
guarantee mechanism for patents, trademarks and other intangible assets, and actively safeguarded the company ’s core 
rights and interests in patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets.
In order to encourage employees to apply for patents and improve the quality of patents, the company has set up a patent 
bonus. The reward standard shall be confirmed by the president of the company after each invention patent application, and 
the Technical Committee shall determine the patent grade according to its importance and distribute a reward according to 
the grade. In terms of Honour Awards, the company has a special patent wall, and each obtained patent and associated 
inventor is presented on the patent wall. In addition, the company awards an organizational contribution award to inventors 
with outstanding contributions and the title of “Patent Inventor ” at the annual meeting.
Intellectual Property Training
360 DigiTech, Inc. carries out intellectual property training for all business lines. For ongoing patent projects, the company 
provides patent communication meetings, deeply excavates the innovation points in the project, forms patent materials, 
ensures synchronization of the project and intellectual property protection, and coordinates the launch of the project. In 
addition, for the brands and trademarks of 360 DigiTech, Inc., during the reporting period, the company carried out many 
training activities on trademark registration requirements and review rules, popularized the basic knowledge of trademarks, 
discussed alternative solutions of product names/logos, improved the awareness of trademark protection and paid attention 
to legal risks of all business lines, and standardized the registration and use of product names/logos and other trademarks, 
in order to avoid the risk of trademark infringement.
Resist Piracy
360 DigiTech, Inc. firmly resisted pirated software and actively monitored the infringing applications that counterfeited our 
company ’s “360 debit note ”, “360 revolving spirit ” and other products in Apple App store and Android application markets 
such as Xiaomi, Huawei, Samsung, Vivo and OPPO. A total of 18 infringing applications were removed from the shelves, 
including “360 instalment loan ”, “360 revolving fund ”, “360 loan king ”, “360 white note instalment flower ”, etc., to protect 
the rights and interests of consumers to the greatest extent.
¥¥¥¥
¥
¥
¥¥
Mutually 
Beneficial 
Cooperation
Customers First
Supplier Management
Charitable Giving26
28
29

26
Customers First
360 DigiTech is committed to providing assurance and trust to our customers. As a leading Internet company driven by data 
intelligence technology in China, we are committed to providing excellent customer experience and continuous high-quality 
services. We always believe that improving customer satisfaction is the first element of professional services. Therefore, 
we not only pay attention to our commitment to customers, actively fulfilling our responsibilities related to consumer rights 
protection, but also provide customers with high-quality services at reasonable prices.
Quality Service
We are committed to providing responsible and transparent products and services to our customers, implementing internal 
rules and regulations related to consumer rights protection, and providing guidance for business operations. During the 
reporting period, in order to implement the relevant requirements on the financial consumer rights protection system, the 
company established the Consumer Rights Protection Department, took the lead in establishing and improving a number of 
internal regulations related to consumer rights protection, and clarified the division of labor among various departments, so 
as to provide institutional basis for the development of customer protection work.Mutually Beneficial Cooperation
Complaint Management Measures of 360 DigiTech
Standardize the process of customer complaint management mechanism
Measures for the Protection of rights and interests of /f_inancial 
Consumers of 360 DigiTech
Clarify management requirements of each link of consumer protection and 
the overall division of responsibilities of each department
Financial consumer risk rating assessment system of 360 DigiTech
Clarify the rating and application rules of /f_inancial consumers and /f_inancial products01
02
03Quality
service
27
Mutually Beneficial Cooperation2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Customer Satisfaction
We listen carefully to our customer feedback through various communication channels, regularly review and monitor 
customer service performance and identify areas for improvement.
In 2021, we responded promptly to the opinions put forward by customers, and our customer service satisfaction rate 
reached 98.5%, which has made great progress in consumer service.
The Consumer Rights Protection Department actively promotes the standardization of the customer service system, 
improves the consumer protection system and builds a consumer protection assessment mechanism, and incorporates 
the assessment results into the company ’s comprehensive performance evaluation system and human resources 
management system to effectively ensure the implementation of all requirements for consumer rights protection. In addition, 
the Consumer Rights Protection Department has established a consumer protection publicity and education mechanism, 
actively carried out internal training and participated in various consumer rights protection publicity and education activities 
initiated by regulatory agencies.
Re/f_ined 
Management
Warning & 
MonitoringThrough deep cultivation of intelligent customer service and re/f_ined management, 
we provide consulting services 75,000 times per day every year, the telephone 
connection rate is 92%, the text connection rate is 97.6%, the intelligent customer 
service resolution rate is 92%, and the intelligent customer service accuracy rate is 
98.8%.
Monitor the company's service experience through indicators such as satisfaction, 
Net Promoter Score, work order resolution rate, complaint rate, service resolution 
rate, etc. And build a good reputation of the company by warning business 
departments.
System 
ConstructionThrough industry accumulation and business research, a new generation of 
customer service system is designed and developed, and the operation ef/f_iciency 
is increased by 84%; at the same time, due to the ease of operation and strong 
functionality of the system, it has become a company-wide operation system.
Analysis & 
Noti/f_icationPut forward recti/f_ication suggestions for hidden dangers of consumer protection 
found by supervision and track the recti/f_ication of the problem, then form a 
closed-loop management of “inspection-recti/f_ication-promotion”. 
During the reporting period, for the complaints received by the company, we use AI and big data to establish high-frequency 
complaint user tags and scores to prevent and control user complaints in advance. Through complaint analysis, led the 
business departments to optimize 99 items of customer experience and effectively control internal and external complaints.
28
Supplier Management
The company attaches great importance to supply chain management, establishes the 360 DigiTech Procurement 
Management policy, and follows standardized procedures during procurement.. In the policy, there are clear requirements 
for supplier management, including supplier source, supplier qualification examination, supplier quantity for bidding/inquiry, 
and supplier database arrangement and maintenance.
In addition to strictly controlling the 
access of suppliers, the company 
strengthens the evaluation and 
supervision of suppliers to promote the 
overall improvement of management 
level.
Suppliers are evaluated annually from 
the aspects of supply, quality inspection, 
quality complaints, improvements and 
compliance with environmental 
protection standards.The procurement executive department 
selects suppliers that meet the 
company's procurement needs through 
the recommendation of business 
departments, the use of suppliers by the 
same industry, etc.
Focus on the supplier's quali/f_ications, 
company scale, business capabilities, 
prices business conditions and other 
elements, and introduce cooperation 
after approval by the head of the 
procurement business execution 
department.Supplier Introduction
Supplier SupervisionSupplier
management
In 2021, the number of 360 DigiTech cooperative suppliers reached nearly 195, and the proportion of Chinese suppliers 
reached 100%. Among them, the number of suppliers in North China is the largest, accounting for 42%. 360 DigiTech has 
established long-term and mutually beneficial cooperative relations with suppliers.In the selection of suppliers, 360 DigiTech 
also comprehensively considers the supplier ’s measures in social responsibility and environmental management, whether 
they use environmentally friendly materials as much as possible, and whether they have obtained corresponding system 
certification. For those companies with major defects, 360 Digitech adopts a one-vote veto to urge suppliers to make more 
efforts in social responsibility and environmental governance. The company also attaches great importance to environmental 
and social responsibilities related to office supplies. For example, in the procurement of consumables, we try to strike a 
balance between environmentally friendly products, user-friendliness and price.
29
Mutually Beneficial Cooperation2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Charitable Giving
360 DigiTech has always been committed to giving back to society, contributing to the development of the community 
and improving the quality of life, and striving to become an excellent corporate citizen in the society. The company actively 
encourages and supports various social development measures by participating in various charitable activities and 
promoting the concept of corporate social responsibility within the enterprise. During the reporting period, the company 
relied on its outstanding performance in corporate governance and its outstanding responsibility to give back to society, 
especially the measures it took to deal with the COVID-19 epidemic and the rainstorm disaster in Henan Province. It is the 
only Asian company to win the “New Champions Community Awards – Excellence in Agile Business Governance 2021 ” 
issued by World Economic Forum. The company is also the winner of the “2021 – Outstanding Public Welfare Project 
Award” issued by the Times Weekly, and has been an active participant, practitioner and leader in helping social welfare and 
community services. In 2021, we donated a total of 21 million RMB to the community to fulfill our social responsibilities as 
corporate citizens.
Excellence in Agile Business Governance 2021 2021-Outstanding Public Welfare 
Project Award

30
Case
Help Henan flood disaster
In July 2021, Henan was hit by a heavy rainstorm. 360 DigiTech immediately established an emergency relief 
team and donated 20 million RMB through the 360 Public Welfare Foundation to protect the personal safety 
of local people, purchase emergency relief materials and contribute to post-disaster reconstruction work. In 
addition, in order to support the reconstruction and rehabilitation of the disaster area, 360 DigiTech linked its 
product business lines to form a joint force for disaster relief. What ’s more, 360 DigiTech also organized all 
local employees in Henan to actively participate in rescue operations under the premise of ensuring safety.
Distribute disaster relief living materials to the masses
Foundation Honor Plaque Foundation Donated excavatorsAs the scope of the disaster expanded, the 360 DigiTech continued to organize rescue efforts and donated 1 
million RMB to the China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation through 360 Public Welfare Foundation to support 
the purchase of materials, emergency rescue and post-disaster reconstruction in Xinxiang, Henan province. 
The spirit of “support from all directions when one party is in trouble ” was also recognized and appreciated 
by the people and the government in the disaster area. The governments of Huixian City and Muye District, 
Xinxiang City, Henan Province sent a letter of thanks to 360 DigiTech for their timely assistance in the flood 
relief and reconstruction work.
31
Mutually Beneficial Cooperation2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Case
360 DigiTech launched small and micro assistance program
Compared with small and micro enterprises, individual industrial and commercial households have a weaker 
ability to fight financial risks, and it is particularly critical for them to be able to obtain “short, small, frequent and 
urgent” financing in a timely manner. In this context, on June 18, 2021, 360 DigiTech officially announced the 
launch of the “Small and Micro Assistance program ”. All merchants of the Agricultural and Sideline Products 
Trading Center will be provided with preferential products with a maximum quota of 200,000 RMB and a 
maximum interest-free period of 30 days. Meanwhile, special green channels will be opened to help merchants 
solve difficulties in capital turnover. On August 26, 2021, 
360 DigiTech launched the second round of “Small and 
Micro Assistance Program ”. While providing preferential 
products, 360 DigiTech relaxed the requirements for 
individual industrial and commercial household declaration 
materials, simplified the relevant review process opened 
up loan coupons, interest-free bonus pools and other 
measures to help individual industrial and commercial 
households to warm up for the winter.
On November 1, 2021, 360 DigiTech announced the 
opening of the theme service month of “smart peers, 
work together ”, under the guidance of the China Association of Small and Medium-sized Enterprises, we 
joined hands with more than 100 partners such as Kingdee, Nono, Yonyou, and Baiwang to invest 1 billion 
RMB to help small and micro enterprises grow smartly. This small and micro theme service month has carried 
out comprehensively around the company ’s product upgrade. In terms of product category, 360 DigiTech has 
improved the product system, concentrated on launching a variety of special products such as commercial 
supermarket loans, supply loans, logistics loans, etc., leveraging the partner ecology, and accurately exerting 
different market segments. In terms of preferential treatment, as the largest small and micro special activity of 
360 DigiTech this year, the theme month accumulated 10 million RMB of interest-free benefits to make profits 
for the development of small and micro enterprises. In terms of form, the company has opened a green dual 
channel, on the one hand, giving priority to partner channels, while on the other hand, we will strengthen offline 
strength and help small and micro enterprises with implementation.
Wu Haisheng, CEO of 360 DigiTech, said: “China’s hundreds of millions of small owners and shopkeepers are 
the epitome of people ’s livelihood and the basic cell of promoting the real economy and common prosperity. 
Based on the technical accumulation and practical experience of 360 DigiTech over the years in the field 
of intensive cultivation of financial technology, we have the ability and responsibility to shoulder the due 
responsibilities of financial technology enterprises in the implementation of “six stability ” and “six guarantees. ”
Support for the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)1360Assistance                       Program
Landed in
21 provincesInterest-free 
bene/f_its of 
12.5 million RMB 
were issued 
each monthThe monthly 
credit is 
1.547 billion RMB
1 The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are 17 global development goals formulated by the United 
Nations. 360 DigiTech takes the Sustainable Development Goals as a framework of the organization, which 
can help the company to develop sustainably in the dimension of economy, society and environment.
¥¥¥¥
¥
¥
¥¥
People Oriented
Compensation and Benefits
Health and Safety
Development and Training
Safeguard the Rights  
of Employees35
36
36
40

34
360 DigiTech believes that employees are the core assets of the company ’s sustainable development and success. As 
a technology-driven company, we are committed to providing more outstanding talents with broad development space. 
360 DigiTech has formulated the Employee Handbook  and Social Recruitment Process Specification  within the enterprise, 
and established scientific employment, training, health and safety standards to ensure the health and safety of employees, 
create a friendly and harmonious employment relationship, and build a talented team that meets the company ’s culture 
and strategic requirements. Based on our entrepreneurial and development experience, we have summarized the unique 
talent concept of 360 DigiTech: self-driven, able to get results, leather, positive energy, and open mind. Around such a talent 
concept, we actively implement relevant policies to attract and retain talents, and create an inclusive and equal working 
environment to improve the work experience of employees.
In 2021, the total number of employees in the company is 2,129, of which 42.7% are female employees and 57.3% are 
male employees. There are 2,124 full-time employees, accounting for 99.8% of the company ’s employees. In addition, our 
employee structure is dominated by young people, and the proportion of young employees is increasing. Employees under 
the age of 30 account for 56.9%, which enhances the vitality of the company.People Oriented
Male/1,219GENDERFemale/910
Full-time/2,124EMPLOYMENT 
STATUSPart-time/5
Staff
1,977POSITION 
DISTRIBUTIONManagers 
133Senior managers
19
1,212
≤30AGE883
31-4034
≥40
35
People Oriented2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Compensation and Benefits
360 Digital adopts the concept of comprehensive compensation, reflecting the value and contribution of employees 
from multiple perspectives, the organic integration of multiple motivation methods creates a positive bond between the 
organization and the employees, so that the employees and the company can achieve mutual growth.
Our salary system is diversified, in addition to the monthly salary, it also includes annual bonuses, excellent employee 
bonuses, excellent project bonuses, and transportation allowance subsidies and long-term incentives, etc. Through the 
periodic salary review, 360 DigiTech considers and adjusts salary from different perspectives, like the staff ’s knowledge and 
experience, professional skills, service cycle, key performance indicator, and development potential and other dimensions so 
as to ensure that employee compensation is fair internally and mutually equitable, externally competitive and every employee 
could get reasonable returns. In addition to paying employee social insurance in accordance with the law, the company 
also provides supplementary medical insurance, holiday gift benefits, wedding and funeral birthday gift benefits to improve 
employees ’ happiness.
In order to ensure the work-life balance of employees, we provide flexible working hours for employees to arrange flexibly. 
The company provides professional instant messaging tools. In the event of special circumstances, employees can also 
choose to work from home and accomplish their jobs through a convenient online communication system. In addition to 
enjoying statutory holidays such as weekend double breaks, annual leave, various holidays, maternity leave, breastfeeding 
leave, maternity leave, marriage and funeral leave, etc., employees of the 360 DigiTech also enjoy paid sick leave of 1 day 
per month so that they can seek medical attention in time and rest adequately.
From employee welfare aspect, according to the objective conditions of the workplace in various places, we provide 
employees with afternoon tea, canteens, gyms, various sports clubs, shuttles, infirmaries, small medicine boxes, etc. 
according to the objective conditions of the workplace in various places. It fully reflects the company ’s care for employees.
The company holds a variety of team building activities every year, and each department arranges its own time and 
team-building content to promote team integration and value recognition. In addition to going out for team building, the 
company conducts real-time incentive activities every quarter, and conducts multi-frequency small incentives for employees 
with excellent performance so as to enhance the sense of belonging of employees while setting up team benchmark. At 
the end of each year, the company also holds an annual meeting and recognition conference to summarize the annual 
achievements and celebrate the hard harvest.
Team buildingIncentive activities
Annual conference

36
Health and Safety
360 DigiTech takes care of the physical and mental health employees, and strives to create a healthy and safe working 
environment. The company guarantees the occupational safety and health of employees by organizing employee physical 
examinations, carrying out health promotion activities, organizing safety training, and carrying out safety inspections. We 
provide physical examination benefits for all employees and upgrade the physical examination package every year, including 
general examination, liver and kidney function examination, full digital X-ray, high-definition color Doppler B-ultrasound, etc. 
In addition, the company pays special attention to the mental health of employees and has set up a special training course 
on “Workplace Stress Management ” for colleagues in need. The course is aimed at people with high occupational stress or 
employees who want to improve their professionalism, then provide them with guidance on emotional management. A total 
of 460 employees participated in the online learning. After research, the training received an average score of 4.7 out of 5 
from the participants, which was approved by many participants.
During the COVID-19 epidemic, the company also introduced relevant epidemic prevention measures. For example, 
the temperature of returning employees is checked and recorded in real time, the internal inspection process is actively 
arranged, special personnel are arranged to manage the inspection every morning and afternoon. Comprehensive 
disinfection and sterilization and office cleaning work are carried out. In order to prevent the spread of the epidemic and 
alternate infection, the company implemented staggered peak meals and distributed daily hygiene materials such as mask 
disinfectant to employees. It is forbidden to carry out meetings of more than ten people offline in the conference room, and 
it is advocated to arrange meetings online.
Development and Training
The company pays attention to the training and improvement of employees ’ knowledge, skills and professional quality, 
and has established a mature training and development system. To this end, we have developed a comprehensive talent 
development system to improve employee self-drive, thinking power and problem-solving ability. From the beginning of 
their employment, employees go through a development path that includes new employee landing, training, value creation, 
performance management, promotion etc., then grow together with the company.
37
People Oriented2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Case
New employee orientation
The company carries out relevant special training for new employees once or twice a month to help new 
employees quickly integrate into the company culture, fully understand the responsibilities of the position and 
improve work efficiency. The online courses include information security, OKR introduction, financial consumer 
rights protection and other related content, and the offline courses include the company ’s business products, 
cultural values, rules and regulations (HR, administration, finance) and other business knowledge. According to 
the survey, the training received an average score of 4.9 points (out of 5 points) from the participants, and was 
approved by many new employees.
New Employee Landing
We welcome and value every partner who chooses to join 360 DigiTech. Through “new employee landing care ”, new 
employees can integrate smoothly into the team and get to work as soon as possible. Our leaders will communicate with 
new employees regularly to ensure that any problems encountered by employees are solved immediately. In addition, 
we also provide each new employee with a rich training, from the company ’s business, organizational culture, rules and 
regulations, benefits and other aspects, showing a detailed explanation, through a variety of interesting interactive sessions, 
so that employees have a clearer understanding of the company ’s business development.
38
Practical Training
360 DigiTech believes that 80% of human growth comes from actual combat. Based on this concept, we offer practical 
rather than generic training courses. From leadership perspective, we mainly provide employees with management basics 
courses based on the company ’s core goal management tool- “OKR”. Form professionalism perspective, the company 
invites high-performing employees internally and industry leaders externally to share practical knowledge and methods for 
employees to stimulates reflection and progress. In addition, in order to precipitate and pass on excellent knowledge, we 
have also established a learning platform, so that employees can freely arrange their time and improve themselves at any 
time.
Case
2021 OKR Management Basics Course
In 2021, the company introduces the “OKR” Goals and Key Results Method as the company ’s core 
management tool. In order to promote the using of “OKR” management methods for all employees, the 
company gradually opened seven “OKR” management basic skills courses, from the introduction of tool 
methodology to goal setting, process tracking, result review and other sand table exercises, a total of 189 
employees participated. This enables participating employees to become more proficient in advanced 
management tools so as to support individuals to carry out their work spontaneously and efficiently. After 
research, the training was evaluated by the participants with an effect satisfaction score of 9.45 out of 10 
points, which was recognized by many trainers.

39
People Oriented2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Performance Management System
We have established a closed-loop performance management system, including OKR goal setting, process tracking, 
performance evaluation, and performance communication review and performance improvement. Though the formulation 
of challenging goals, performance coaching, and constantly review the improvement, Employees in the performance cycle 
could achieve their own performance improvement. Our performance evaluation is carried out in the middle of the year and 
at the end of each year, using the 360 ° assessment to ensure a comprehensive, objective and fair assessment of employees 
in multiple dimensions.
360° performance 
evaluation
Communicate performance results; 
SWOT analysis of strengths and weaknesses
Improvement strategies 
and set goals for the next 
phaseDeveloped in accordance with 
the company's broad strategy; 
including challenging; 
following the SMART 
principle
Performance
management system
Performance Evaluation Improvem
ent Strategies 
Communication ReviewOKR goal setting Process Tracking
Performance coaching and 
regular tracking process to 
adjust the strategy
Promotion
Employees of 360 DigiTech have the opportunity to promote every year, combined with past performance, development 
potential, etc., through promotion counselling, promotion defence and other links, employees can get promotion and be 
given higher responsibilities.
Rotation Mechanism
In addition, we have established a rotation mechanism in qualified departments so that employees can have the opportunity 
to understand the work procedures and contents of relevant organizations and positions, on the one hand, it could enhance 
the communication, understanding, coordination and cooperation between departments and positions, on the other hand, it 
also could cultivate the comprehensive ability of employees and become “compound talents ”.
40
Safeguard the Rights of Employees
360 DigiTech insists on equality and diversity in employment, strives to create an equal and inclusive corporate culture, and 
encourages employees to put forward different ideas and suggestions. In addition, the company complies with Law on the 
Protection of Women ’s Rights and Interests, Provisions on the Prohibition of the Use of Child Labor, Law on Trade Unions 
and other laws and regulations, the protection of women ’s rights and interests, the prohibition of child labor and the human 
rights principle against forced labor shall be incorporated into the management requirements of the company. We actively 
protect the legal rights of our employees in any form. If the rights and interests of employees are damaged, we are willing 
to communicate and negotiate with employees to effectively safeguard the legitimate interests of employees. During the 
Reporting Period, the Company did not have any violations of laws and regulations relating to child labor or compulsory 
labor.
In addition, in accordance with the values of openness and inclusiveness, we greatly respect the opinions and suggestions 
of each employee, and have established a variety of communication channels so that employees can fully express their 
ideas. We organize a “Townhall meeting ” for all employees, during the meeting, executives will give employees a detailed 
introduction of the company ’s past events and future plans, and accept face-to-face questions and suggestions. In 
addition, we have also established an anonymous comment box for employees to speak freely. Every year, we also conduct 
employee satisfaction surveys and analyze the results to solve the problems that employees mention a lot.

41
People Oriented2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Support for the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)2
2 The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are 17 global development goals formulated by the United Nations. 360 DigiTech takes the Sustainable 
Development Goals as a framework of the organization, which can help the company to develop sustainably in the dimension of economy, society and 
environment.
¥¥¥¥
¥
¥
¥¥
Proud of Green
Resource Utilisation
Emission Management
Climate Response and 
Ecological Environment
Green Finance44
46
48
49

44
Adhering to the green environmental protection concept of harmonious coexistence between man and nature, 360 DigiTech, 
Inc. attaches importance to the environmental impact in the process of operation, constructs a mature EHS management 
system, makes rational use of clean energy, effectively responds to climate change, continues to advocate the concept of 
low-carbon office, and actively carries out environmental protection activities, so as to effectively reduce the impact of the 
company ’s operation on the surrounding environment.
Resource Utilisation
Energy Consumption
Energy is an important material basis for national economic and social development. The resources we consume mainly 
include electricity, gasoline, paper and water. In compliance with the relevant provisions of the law of the people ’s Republic 
of China on energy conservation, we have formulated the Internal system for emission reduction of 360 DigiTech, Inc . within 
the company, established an energy-saving responsibility system, strengthened energy-saving management in office areas, 
comprehensively reduced resource consumption and improved employees ’ awareness of emission reduction, so as to 
reduce carbon footprint and resource waste.
Resource consumption category Unit Total
Gasoline Litre 8,000
Electricity consumption MWh 1,838
Power density MWh/employee 0.86
In 2021, 360 DigiTech, Inc. implemented a series of energy-saving measures, aiming to further complete energy 
conservation and emission reduction on the basis of maintaining the previous energy consumption level:Proud of Green
‧ By default, the printer adopts 
double-sided printing and does 
not print paper conference materials 
to reduce paper consumption.
‧ Employees are encouraged 
to give priority to using e-mail, 
intranet and other electronic 
means to convey and distribute 
information.
‧ Put up the water saving sign
‧ Avoid excessive packaging of Express items‧ Set the air conditioning temperature limit to 
practice power saving and low carbon.
‧ Provide recyclable straw, which can reduce 
14g carbon emission each time.
‧ Set power-saving parameters on computers, 
printers and other equipment, advocate 
power-off and network disconnection of 
electrical equipment after work, and reduce 
standby energy consumption.
‧ Reduce the consumption of of/f_ice pens, try 
to choose pencils, pens or pens with 
replaceable re/f_ills, and reduce the use of 
disposable signature pens.
‧ Reduce battery consumption. Try to use 
reusable charging equipment.Advocate 
paperless 
of/f_ice
Reduce 
wasteful 
behaviorGreen
Of/f_iceImprove 
resource 
utilization
45
Proud of Green2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Water Consumption
In terms of water use, the company uses the tap water supplied by the municipal government and has not encountered any 
problems in terms of water source. Our water consumption is already at a low level, and we aim to maintain a normal water 
consumption level in the future. Therefore, we strictly abide by the law of the people ’s Republic of China on the prevention 
and control of water pollution, the regulations on urban drainage and sewage treatment  and other laws and regulations, 
strengthen the publicity of water conservation for employees in the process of daily operation, publicize and implement the 
company ’s annual water-saving objectives to employees, and replace all kinds of water-saving devices with water-saving 
models as far as possible.
Resource consumption category Unit Total
Total water consumption Tons 93,600
Water density Tons/employee 43.96Case
360 green building construction
In 2021, adopting the environmental protection concept of “eco + 360 ”, 360 DigiTech, Inc. built a new 
headquarters building and positioned it as a “green technology demonstration building ”, showing the 
company ’s business characteristics of “wisdom + characteristics ” and realizing the goal of “two-way 
friendliness ” to the environment and users. In addition, the company building also applies the construction 
policy of “Sponge City ”. On the one hand, in the period of intensive precipitation, this policy strengthens 
the drainage capacity of the drainage system to help alleviate the pipe network pressure of the plot. At the 
same time, on the other hand, it also greatly improves the energy-saving rate of the whole building. During 
the reporting period, the total annual runoff control rate of the building can reach 70% and the annual runoff 
pollution control rate can reach 50%.

46
Emission Management
The company is a financial enterprise focusing on business office efficiency with low energy consumption and light pollution. 
Therefore, it does not involve the discharge of industrial wastewater, waste gas and air pollutants and the consumption of 
finished product packaging materials. We strictly abide by the law of the people ’s Republic of China on the prevention and 
control of air pollution, the law of the people ’s Republic of China on the prevention and control of waste pollution  and other 
laws and regulations, standardize our own emission management system, use environmental protection materials in the 
operation process, formulate and regularly review environmental protection emission targets, and strive for environmental 
sustainable development.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
In terms of pollutant gas emissions, our operations have no significant impact on the environment. However, the company 
still produces greenhouse gases due to the consumption of gasoline and purchased electricity. Therefore, the company has 
implemented a number of measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to demonstrate our determination to maintain 
environmental sustainable development.
Greenhouse gas emission categories Unit Total
Scope I Ton carbon dioxide equivalent 2.79
Scope II Ton carbon dioxide equivalent 1,293.61
Total greenhouse gas emissions Ton carbon dioxide equivalent 1,296.40
Greenhouse gas emission density Ton CO 2 equivalent/employee 0.61
47
Proud of Green2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Case
360 DigiTech, Inc. carbon neutralization program
In January 2021, the working meeting of the central bank proposed for the first time to “implement major 
decision-making and deployment of carbon peaking and carbon neutralization, and improve the policy 
framework and incentive mechanism of green finance ”. The company knows that for enterprises, “carbon 
peak and carbon neutralization ” are not only related to survival, but also related to development. Therefore, in 
order to actively respond to the national “3060” carbon neutralization goal, 360 DigiTech, Inc. issued the 2021 
Carbon Neutralization Plan , promising to gradually realize the carbon neutralization of operational emissions 
(scope I and scope II) in the future and reach the carbon peak in 2030, and to achieve net zero greenhouse 
gas emissions from its own business and its customer activities by 2060. In the plan, the company clearly 
pointed out that as an important support for the digital transformation of entities; enterprises must change 
their development mode, undertake corporate social responsibility and adhere to a green and low-carbon 
transformation. For Fintech enterprises, in addition to strengthening their own green governance, they should 
make good use of green financial tools to achieve the goal of energy conservation and emission reduction in 
financial activities, and guide the flow of funds to environmental protection and resource-saving industries. On 
the other hand, it outputs infrastructure application capabilities such as big data, cloud computing and artificial 
intelligence.
The company will implement the efforts under the carbon neutrality goal through four steps:
By launching the "Hulk plan", we will create a green of/f_ice 
environment in conjunction with workplaces in Beijing, 
Shanghai, Shenzhen, Fuzhou, Hefei and Xi'an, advocate 
green travel, environmental friendly dining, paperless 
of/f_ice and other relevant measures, establish an incentive 
mechanism, and advocate employees to practice 
low-carbon of/f_ice behavior, we will 
also carry out energy conservation 
and emission reduction 
transformation, improve energy 
ef/f_iciency and promote carbon 
neutrality in data centers.
Combined with “carbon inclusive” 
and other elements, design "green 
/f_inance" products, integrate carbon 
elements into 360 small an micro 
loans, 360 IOUs, 360 installments 
and other products, and promote emission reduction 
actions in four aspects: credit, consumption, insurance 
and fund. At the same time, strengthen carbon 
neutralization publicity on the product page and make 
subtle publicity to users.On the basis of /f_inding out the annual carbon 
emissions, effectively identify emission reduction 
measures and formulate neutralization paths. At 
present, 360 DigiTech, Inc. is focusing on de/f_ining 
emission boundaries, con/f_irming 
consolidation methods, identifying 
emission sources, obtaining 
emission data and emission 
factors, etc.
In Fujian, we explore forest right 
mortgage loans in order to 
effectively ensure local 
ecological security, so as to 
increase forest farmers' income, 
and realize the organic unity of 
people and nature. This will also solve the /f_inancing 
problems such as the lack of mortgaged property for 
forest farmers, the inability to mortgage homestead 
and the inability to realize rural housing mortgage.Improve 
carbon inclusionStrengthening 
green governance 
within enterprisesConduct carbon 
screening
Increase preference 
for green /f_inancial 
business
48
Hazardous and Harmless Waste
The company classifies the wastes and disposes them according to different types according to the national catalogue 
of hazardous wastes implemented by the law of the People ’s Republic of China on the prevention and control of 
environmental pollution by solid wastes . For recyclable paper, we implement centralized and unified recycling. For toxic and 
hazardous wastes, special personnel are responsible for standardized recycling and disposal (ink cartridges, ribbons, toner 
cartridges, waste batteries, office computers, etc. shall be recycled and disposed of by the company). Since the company ’s 
business does not involve any industrial manufacturing activities, it does not produce a large amount of hazardous waste. 
Our hazardous waste is mainly used batteries, and harmless waste is mainly domestic waste and office waste paper. 
In the future, 360 DigiTech, Inc. will continue to reduce the waste generated by business operations in a responsible 
manner. During the reporting period, the company did not violate laws or regulations in any aspect related to environmental 
protection.
Resource consumption category Unit Total
Hazardous waste Tons 0.12
Harmless waste Tons 877.56
Total waste discharge Tons 877.68
Waste discharge density Ton/10K $ 0.41
Climate Response and Ecological Environment
Based on the nature of our business, 360 DigiTech, Inc. has not caused any direct and significant impact on the 
environment and natural resources in the process of business operation. The company has established emergency plans 
for various emergencies, defined the responsibilities of various departments in emergency disposal, and ensured that the 
emergency rescue work can be carried out in an orderly manner in case of emergency. In addition, the company conducts 
relevant emergency drills from time to time, so as to continuously verify and improve the emergency response ability of all 
departments, strengthen employees ’ awareness of crisis response and reduce the risk of environmental pollution.
49
Proud of Green2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Green Finance
Through artificial intelligence, big data risk control and other technologies, 360 DigiTech, Inc. makes good use of green 
financial tools to promote the implementation of products in the field of green consumption. During the reporting period, 
the company carried out special product design around new energy vehicles, carried out targeted measures such as green 
channel and low-carbon subsidies, achieved energy conservation and emission reduction targets in financial activities, 
guided funds to environmental protection and resource-saving industries, improved corporate intelligent governance and 
implemented corporate social responsibility.
Support for the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)3
3 The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are 17 global development goals formulated by the United Nations. 360 DigiTech takes the Sustainable 
Development Goals as a framework of the organization, which can help the company to develop sustainably in the dimension of economy, society and 
environment.

¥¥¥¥
¥
¥
¥¥
Appendix
“ESG Guide ” 
Content Index
Data Statistics52
54

52
“ESG Guide ” Content Index
Aspect Description Location
A. Environment
Aspect A1: Discharge
General
disclosureInformation relating to waste gas and greenhouse gas discharge, sewage to water and land, 
hazardous and non-hazardous waste generation, etc.:
(a) Policies; and
(b) Comply with laws and regulations that have a significant impact on issuers.Emission 
management
A1.1 Types of emissions and respective emissions data.Emission 
management
A1.2Total GHG emissions (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production 
volume, per facility).Data statistics
A1.3Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of 
production volume, per facility).Data statistics
A1.4Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit 
of production volume, per facility).Data statistics
A1.5 Description of emission targets devised and steps taken to achieve the targets.Emission 
management
A1.6Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, targets devised for 
wastes reduction and steps taken to achieve the targets.Emission 
management
Aspect A2: Resource Use
General 
disclosurePolicies on the effective use of resources including energy, water and other raw materials.Resource 
utilization
A2.1Direct and/or indirect energy consumption (e.g. electricity, gas and oil) by type in total  
(kWh in’000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).Data statistics
A2.2 Total water consumption and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility). Data statistics
A2.3Description of targets devised for energy use efficiency initiatives and steps taken to achieve the 
targets.Resource 
utilization
A2.4Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water, targets devised for water use 
efficiency initiatives and steps taken to achieve the targets.Resource 
utilization
A2.5Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, with 
reference to per unit produced.Data statistics
Aspect A3: Environment and Natural Resources
General 
disclosurePolicies on minimizing the issuer ’s significant impact on the environment and natural resources.Emission 
management
A3.1Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and 
the actions taken to manage them.Emission 
management
Aspect A4: Climate Change
General 
disclosurePolicies on identification and mitigation of significant climate related issues which have impacted, 
and those which may impact, the issuer.Climate Change
A4.1Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may 
impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.Climate Change
B. Society
Aspect B1: Employment
General 
disclosureInformation relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, 
rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer.Employee
B1.1 Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and geographical region. Data statistics
B1.2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. Data statistics
Aspect B2: Health and Safety
General 
disclosureInformation on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the 
issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from 
occupational hazards.Health & SafetyAppendix
53
2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Appendix
Aspect Description Location
B2.1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities in the past 3 years (including the reporting year). Health & Safety
B2.2 Lost days due to work injury. Data statistics
B2.3Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented 
and monitored.Health & Safety
Aspect B3: Development and Training
General 
disclosurePolicies on improving employee ’s knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. 
Description of training activities.Development 
and Training
B3.1The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e.g. senior and 
intermediate management).Data statistics
B3.2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category. Data statistics
Aspect B4: Labor Code
General 
disclosureInformation on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer 
relating to preventing child and forced labor.Employee
B4.1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labor. Employee
B4.2 Description of steps taken to eliminate the situation when discovered. Employee
Aspect B5: Supply chain management
General 
disclosurePolicies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain.Supply chain 
management
B5.1 Number of suppliers by geographical region.Supply chain 
management
B5.2Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices 
are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored.Supply chain 
management
B5.3Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, 
and how they are implemented and monitored.Supply chain 
management
B5.4Description of practices used to promote environmental preferable products and services when 
selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored.Supply chain 
management
Aspect B6: Product responsibility
General 
disclosureInformation on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer 
relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products 
and services provided and methods of redress.Operation
B6.1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. Data statistics
B6.2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. Data statistics
B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights. IP Protection
B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.Product Risk 
Management
B6.5Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and 
monitored.Corporate 
governance
Aspect B7: Anti-corruption
General 
disclosureInformation on:
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer 
relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.Corporate 
governance
B7.1Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its 
employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases.Corporate 
governance
B7.2Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, how they are implemented 
and monitored.Compliance and 
Anti-corruption 
Management
B7.3 Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff.Compliance and 
Anti-corruption 
Management
Aspect B8: Community investment
General 
disclosurePolicies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the 
issuer operates and to ensure its activities takes into consideration communities ’ interests.Community
B8.1Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environment, labor needs, health, culture and 
sports).Community
B8.2 Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area. Community
54
Data Statistics
Index 2021
Emission
Total Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Scope 1 & Scope 2) (tons) 1,296.40
　Direct Greenhouse Gases (Scope 1) 2.79
　Indirect Greenhouse Gases (Scope 2) 1,293.61
Total GHG emissions per employee (tons/employee) 0.61
Total Hazardous Waste Discharge (tons) 0.12
Total hazardous waste emissions per employee (tons/employee) 0.01
Total non-hazardous waste discharge (tons) 877.56
Total non-hazardous waste emissions per employee (tons/employee) 0.41
Water consumption
Water consumption (tons) 93,600.00
Total water consumption per employee (tons/employee) 43.96
Energy consumption
Total energy consumption (thousands of kWh) 1,907.92
　gasoline 69.92
　electricity 1,838.00
Total energy consumption per employee (thousands of kWh/employee) 0.90
Packaging Materials
Total amount of packaging material used in finished products (tons) not applicable
Employee
Total 2,129
Gender
　Female 910
　Male 1,219
Employee type
　Full-time 2,124
　Part-time 5
Age
　Below age 30 1,212
　Age 30 to 40 883
　Above age 40 34
Regional distribution
　China 2,129
　Out of China 0
Employee level
　Senior 19
　Intermediate 133
　General 1,977
Employee Turnover 26%
Gender
　Female 23%
　Male 28%
55
2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report     360 DigiTech
Appendix
Index 2021
Age
　Below age 30 29%
　Age 30 to 40 23%
　Above age 40 0%
Regional distribution
　China 26%
　Out of China 100%
Lost Days Due to Work Injury 0
Lost Days Due to Work Injury per person 0
The Percentage of Employee Training
Gender
　Female 73%
　Male 72%
Staffing level
　Senior 45%
　Intermediate 96%
　General 71%
Average Hours of Employee Training per person
Gender
　Female 4.06
　Male 4.00
Staffing level
　Senior 1.41
　Intermediate 9.58
　General 3.72
Number of suppliers by region
Eastern China 67
South China 33
Central China 2
North China 82
Northwest Region 6
Southwest Region 5
Percentage of total product sold or shipped subject to recall for safety and health reasons Not applicable
Number of concluded corruption lawsuits against companies or company employees 0