2020 Annual Review & ESG ReportConsistent, Sustainable, 
Long-Term Performance 
Made Simple 

Business  ............................... 5
Principles of  
Governance  .......................... 14
Planet  .................................... 45People  ................................... 57
Prosperity  ............................. 79
Appendix  .............................. 91Contents About This Report
Regions’ Annual Review & Environmental, Social, and 
Governance (ESG) Report provides details on Regions’ 
financial and ESG performance in a combined document  
to better meet the needs of our stakeholders, in particular 
the investment community. Regions uses the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) framework, along with broader 
concepts from guidelines and frameworks established  
by other standards-setting organizations, such as the  
World Economic Forum (WEF), to guide the content of this 
report. An index indicating where our Company’s reports  
and disclosures, including this report, align with the GRI 
framework can be found in the Appendix to this document.
The goals discussed in our ESG disclosures are aspirational; 
as such, no guarantees or promises are made that these goals 
will be met. Furthermore, statistics and metrics included in 
these disclosures are estimates; they may also be based on 
assumptions. This report uses certain terms, including those 
that the GRI Guidelines refer to as “material” topics, to reflect 
the issues of greatest importance to Regions and our 
stakeholders. Used in this context, these terms are distinct 
from, and should not be confused with, the terms “material” 
and “materiality” as defined by or construed in accordance 
with securities law or as used in the context of financial 
statements and reporting.
This report is not comprehensive and, for that reason, it should 
be read in conjunction with our 2020 Annual Report on Form 
10-K (particularly the “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk 
Factors” sections) and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
(particularly the “Forward-Looking Statements” section), 2021 
Proxy Statement, 2020 Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) Report, 2020 Community Engagement 
Report, 2021 CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) 
Climate Change Questionnaire Response, and our forthcoming 
2019-2020 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB) Disclosure, which we anticipate releasing before the 
end of 2021. All aforementioned documents can be found at 
ir.regions.com/governance .Contact Us
With teams across the Company dedicated to maintaining relationships, we interact with several 
stakeholder groups on a regular basis, responding to the issues and concerns brought to our 
attention. If you would like to provide us with feedback, here are a few ways to contact us:
Regions Financial Corporation
1900 Fifth Avenue North
Birmingham, Alabama 35203
Chief Governance Officer
Attention: Chief Governance Officer
governance@regions.com
Investor Relations
Attention: Investor Relations
investors@regions.com
Board of Directors
c/o Office of the Corporate Secretary
Attention: Charles D. McCrary, Independent Chair of the Board
governance@regions.com
Office of Customer Satisfaction
Attention: Office of Customer Satisfaction
ocs@regions.com
Media Relations
1-205-264-4551
Customer Service
1-800-REGIONS (734-4667)The terms “Regions,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” 
and “our” as used herein refer collectively to Regions 
Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation, 
together with its subsidiaries, including Regions 
Bank (the Bank), when or where appropriate.© 2021 Regions Bank. Regions®, the Regions logo, 
and the LifeGreen bike are registered trademarks of 
Regions Bank. The LifeGreen color is a trademark of 
Regions Bank. Other words or symbols in this report 
that identify other parties’ goods or services may be 
trademarks or service marks of those other parties.
@askRegions
@RegionsNews
Regions Bank
Regions BankSocial Media
2
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Introduction BusinessPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Prosperity Appendix
Whether serving customers, protecting 
the environment, or creating value for 
shareholders, simplification is key.
Top Talent.
We build the best team through: 
 Internal mobility strategies that promote development 
opportunities and career growth for all associates.
 Strategic partnerships with 10 Historically Black Colleges and 
Universities (HBCUs) to increase our pipeline of diverse talent.
 10 associate Diversity Networks that foster inclusion, 
connectivity, and collaboration across the Company. 
High Tech, High Touch.
We evolve our approach to meet tomorrow’s customer needs by:
 Investing in artificial intelligence and data and analytics that 
deliver efficiency and personalization. 
 Enhancing technology at ATMs, on mobile and online banking 
platforms, at the branch, and through call centers to make 
interactions increasingly seamless, smooth, fast, and secure.
 Equipping associates with the right knowledge and  
training to empower them to deliver trusted advice and 
personalized solutions.Consistent, Sustainable, Long-Term Performance  Made Simple
3
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Introduction BusinessPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Prosperity Appendix
A Can-Do Attitude.
We cultivate a culture that is focused on 
continuous improvement every day, resulting in:
 Top total shareholder returns and strong 
financial results, demonstrated by 7% revenue 
growth in 2020 despite the challenging year.
 Our best operating performance in over  
a decade, generating record pre-tax,  
pre-provision income in 2020.
 The completion of 48 continuous improvement 
initiatives focused on revenue generation or 
expense savings.Greener Banking.
Our commitment to operate sustainably  
means we:
 Saved $91 million in energy costs since 2008 
through energy efficiency initiatives.
 Have already met our 2023 operational 
emissions goal and now pledge to reduce gross 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based greenhouse gas 
emissions by 50% by 2030, against a 2019 base year.
 Implement continuous resource conservation and waste 
reduction strategies in our operations.
Good Deeds.
We help the communities we serve stay vibrant, resilient, and strong by:
 Committing $12 million over two years to advance programs and initiatives that 
promote racial equity and economic empowerment for communities of color, 
specifically focused on advancing minority business development, incr easing 
homeownership, reducing the digital divide in underserved communities, and 
promoting racial understanding.
 Establishing and funding the Regions Community Development Corporation (RCDC), 
which will provide debt and/or equity financing for projects and entities with a 
community development purpose.
 Disbursing $20.5 million in grants and contributions from Regions Bank and the  
Regions Foundation®.
4
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Introduction BusinessPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Prosperity Appendix
To our shareholders, customers, 
associates, and communities: 2020 
was a year like no other in recent 
times. Disruption, change, volatility—
everyone felt the uncertainty, 
individuals and businesses alike. 
Despite these unprecedented events, there were 
specific things that did not change. Our mission 
and purpose, underscored by our values, remained 
steadfast. We continue to execute our shared value 
approach where our business decisions reflect the 
needs of our shareholders, customers, associates, 
and communities. 
 We provided value to our shareholders:  During 
a year of unprecedented stress and uncertainty, 
we produced our best adjusted pre-tax pre-
provision income1 in over a decade. 
 We were there for our customers:  We 
keep pace with a rapidly changing business 
environment by thinking from the customers’ 
perspective, anticipating their needs, and finding 
the best solutions to satisfy their expectations. 
 We supported our associates:  We are in a 
people-centric business and our long-term success 
depends on our ability to attract and nurture talent. 
A diverse and engaged workforce, equipped with 
the right training and technology, is a “must-have” 
to effectively serve customers. The investments 
we make in our associates are truly investments in 
the continued success of our business.  We invested in our communities:  Regions’ 
unique footprint boasts geographic diversity 
that couples stable funding and profitability from 
our core markets with growth opportunities in 
new markets. Our growth initiatives are targeted 
toward high-potential, priority markets, and our 
investments there help drive our growth strategy. 
We were there when it mattered in 2020, whether big 
moments or small touchpoints. And that’s what it’s 
all about—developing relationships with our 
stakeholders and delivering on our purpose to create 
shared value for all of them. In my letter last year, I 
noted that we must focus on the things we can 
control because, in any given year, there is much in 
our operating environment that lies outside our 
control. When I wrote those words, I could never 
have imagined that 2020 would bring a global health 
crisis and widespread social and racial unrest. The 
supercharged political climate heightened the intensity 
across the country as well. All of these factors had…
and continue to have…a profound impact. 
We were able to respond effectively to these 
challenges because of two primary factors: the 
passion of our associates to live our values and the 
strength of our strategic plan. Regions associates rose 
to the challenges of 2020 with innovation and flexibility 
to serve our customers and each other in new and 
enhanced ways. It was inspiring and gratifying to 
watch their tireless commitment. Our associates 
demonstrated the vital role played by a strong and 
effective regional bank: taking care of customers during uncertain times, providing trusted advice and 
personalized solutions, and coupling “high-touch” 
customer service with technology that addressed their 
financial needs. While some competitors have greater 
scale, this alone does not build relationships that earn 
customer loyalty, trust, and confidence. Last year 
Regions associates continued to carry out their work 
with the mindset that every point of contact, whether 
through digital, the contact center, or in a branch, 
presents a valuable new opportunity to offer solutions, 
discover unmet needs, and build deeper relationships 
with our customers.CEO Message 
5
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
CEO Message (continued)
The cornerstones of our multi-year strategic plan 
are our mission, purpose, and values. While we 
adapt based on market conditions and operating 
environments, the cornerstones never change. 
We refresh our plan each year by looking over the 
horizon at what our stakeholders may need. The 
result is a simple, controllable approach to building  
a resilient bank generating consistent results.
Our sustained commitment to enhance our credit, 
interest rate, and operational risk management 
processes, while sharpening our focus on appropriate 
risk-adjusted returns and capital allocation, all 
helped Regions succeed in a very challenging 
environment. Although our operating environment 
changed drastically in 2020, the five key priorities that 
underpin the execution of our strategic plan remained 
unchanged: Strengthen Financial Performance; Focus 
on the Customer; Enhance Risk Management; Build 
the Best Team, and Continuously Improve.
Strengthen Financial Performance  
and Enhance Risk Management:  
Solid Financial Performance in a 
Challenging Year
I am pleased that Regions finished 2020 delivering 
top total shareholder returns among peers and 
strong financial results during such a remarkably 
challenging year:
 We reported net income available to common 
shareholders of $991 million and earnings per 
diluted share of $1.03. 
 Revenue grew 7 percent; on an adjusted basis1 
revenue growth was 6 percent.  Record pre-tax pre-provision income1 increased 
11 percent over the prior year and adjusted pre-tax 
pre-provision income1 increased 9 percent to its 
highest level in more than a decade.
 A steady focus on continuous improvement 
across the enterprise helped generate positive 
operating leverage of 2.7 percent on a reported 
basis, and 2.6 percent on an adjusted basis.1
 For the full year, our adjusted efficiency ratio1 
improved 140 basis points to 56.6 percent.
From an asset quality perspective, overall credit 
results were better than originally expected, 
especially given an operating environment that was 
challenging for many of our customers. In 2020 we 
adopted the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) 
methodology, one of the most significant accounting 
changes in decades. The new accounting standard, coupled with the timing of adoption, increased 
volatility in credit provision levels across the industry. 
While this change in methodology impacted our 
provision, actual credit losses remained in line with 
pre-pandemic expectations.
While interest rates fell to all-time lows, net 
interest income grew 4 percent from the prior year, 
attributable in large part to contributions from our 
comprehensive interest rate hedging program. 
First implemented in 2018, our hedging strategy 
is designed to safeguard net interest income in a 
declining rate environment and reduce earnings 
volatility. During 2020, we grew consumer and 
small business checking accounts and increased 
corporate loan production by 6 percent, while 
achieving adjusted average loan1 growth of  
3.7 percent. Regions supported more than 46,000 
small business owners with nearly $5 billion in  
Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans. 
Additionally, we processed approximately $1 billion 
in PPP loan forgiveness on behalf of the Small 
Business Administration. Full-year average deposits 
reached record levels, with most of the growth 
coming in core operating accounts across all three 
business segments. The strategic decision to add 
mortgage loan officers in recent years strengthened 
our mortgage business in a historic year for U.S. 
residential mortgage originations, resulting in record 
levels of mortgage production and related revenue. 
We expect another strong year for mortgage 
originations in 2021. Similarly, prior investments 
in our capital markets business resulted in record 
revenue driven by merger and acquisition and 
6
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
As the pandemic unfolded, we quickly:
 Transitioned to a remote work environment while 
keeping over 90 percent of our branches open. 
 Supported customers with a significant number of 
loan payment deferral and forbearance requests.
 Provided much-needed capital to small 
businesses by reassigning more than 2,100 
associates to assist with facilitating PPP funding. 
Build the Best Team: Investing in 
Talent, Strengthening Engagement, and 
Fostering a Culture of Diversity, Equity, 
and Inclusion (DEI)
Our priority to build the best team at Regions 
has driven us to invest in talent and strengthen 
engagement. That priority served us well in 2020 
because we had a prepared, resilient workforce 
ready to pivot literally on a moment’s notice. 
Throughout 2020, our associates demonstrated 
tremendous flexibility and adaptability in response 
to the changing and uncertain environment the 
pandemic created.CEO Message (continued)
customer derivatives activity as well as fees for the 
placement of permanent financing. Strong revenue 
growth combined with continued expense discipline 
resulted in solid financial results. These results were 
made possible by strong execution and outstanding 
teamwork from Regions associates.
Focus on the Customer: Responding  
to the Health Crisis and Related 
Economic Disruption
In tackling the multifaceted challenges presented 
by the pandemic—ensuring the safety of associates 
and customers, addressing the financial distress 
experienced by individuals and businesses, and 
responding to community need—Regions’ strong 
culture, and our commitment to creating shared 
value for all stakeholders, shined through.
Our sustained commitment to enhance our credit, interest rate, and 
operational risk management processes, while sharpening our focus on 
appropriate risk-adjusted returns and capital allocation, all helped Regions 
succeed in a very challenging environment.”Leaning on the strength of our culture, associates 
shined a light on our mission, values, and purpose 
like never before. Teams throughout the organization 
adopted new practices and operating models so 
our customers and communities could receive the 
advice and guidance they needed.
That type of response, combined with a deep level 
of engagement, resulted in Regions being ranked 
first among regional banks in the J.D. Power 2020 
U.S. Online Banking Satisfaction survey. And 
for the sixth consecutive year, we were named a 
Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award winner—an 
award that recognizes the most highly engaged 
workplace cultures. 
Through investing in top talent, building a diverse 
and engaged workforce, and providing our 
associates with the right training and technology, 
7
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
CEO Message (continued)
we brought our mission and purpose to life. Our
associates are our greatest asset, and during the 
pandemic we continued to promote development 
and career growth opportunities for them. We believe 
these investments positively impacted engagement 
in 2020 and will play a critical role in how we 
continue to build the best team at Regions. 
We’re creating value for all associates and 
strengthening our team by creating a work 
environment where every associate feels they belong 
and have a voice. Welcoming diverse perspectives 
and building an equitable workplace culture makes 
us a stronger organization. In fact, these are vital to 
achieving our objectives for sustainable performance. 
In 2020, we continued to strengthen our diversity and 
inclusion strategy and initiatives and expanded our 
efforts to include a focus on equity by:
 Launching our first wave of Diversity Networks and 
making meaningful progress in attracting, hiring, 
developing, and retaining diverse talent, including 
several key senior-level leadership positions.
 Continuing to develop emerging diverse talent, 
with the launch of a peer mentoring program, 
which has improved retention rates among 
females and minorities.
In the aftermath of the social unrest that began last 
summer, the head of Diversity and Inclusion and I 
held a series of listening sessions with associates 
across the footprint to better understand the 
opportunities existing within the Bank to create 
greater equity internally with our Black associates, as 
well as in the communities we serve. We built on that 
important feedback by launching our first Week of Understanding. The leader-led discussions offered all 
associates a chance to come together so we could 
listen and understand each other’s perspectives. This 
was an important step in our diversity journey and 
moved us closer to positive change. Our intentional 
focus on diversity, equity, and inclusion continues to 
be a strategic initiative for Regions.
Continuously Improve: Accelerating the 
Cadence of Innovation
In 2020, we met our customers’ rapidly changing needs 
in large part because of the technology investments 
made over the last several years in omnichannel 
delivery. Among the highlights of this transition:
 Mobile transactions were up significantly, and our 
newly redesigned mobile app earned a 4.8-star 
rating on the Apple app store.
 Digital contacts like secured messaging, emails, 
and chats grew throughout the year.
 Our bankers used data and analytics to better 
understand customers’ individual needs so they 
could offer the best solutions to help them reach 
their financial goals.
Leveraging what we learned from the challenges 
of the past year, we are evolving our approach to 
serving customers and are committed to giving 
them the same great experience—regardless of 
the channel they choose to connect with us. We’re 
focused on instilling a mindset of prioritization and 
rapid deployment of innovative ideas and capabilities 
throughout our organization. Our initiatives are 
designed to meet customers where they are, to 
make banking easier, and to provide our associates with the tools they need to be competitive. Even 
as we implement new technology across the 
organization, we never forget that banking very much 
remains a people business. Moving forward, our 
digital investments will continue to be centered on 
arming talented bankers with great technology that 
empowers them to give the personalized advice and 
guidance our customers desire and need.
Our emphasis on innovation extends to how we 
approach non-bank acquisitions that expand our 
capabilities and grow and diversify revenue. As an 
example, we are leveraging the technology, speed, 
and convenience gained through the acquisition of 
Ascentium Capital to create a meaningful opportunity 
to attract new customers and deepen relationships 
across our combined customer base, especially in 
the small business and middle market segments. 
We understand the importance of staying ahead of 
the pace of change because both our business and 
customer expectations are changing rapidly. That’s 
why we’re building a culture where we get better 
every day at Regions. In the last three years, we have 
identified 90 specific revenue-generating or expense-As of year end we have completed 
48 continuous improvement 
initiatives providing significant 
benefit, and we are excited  
about the opportunities ahead  
to drive further progress.” 
8
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
CEO Message (continued)
saving actions, with 23 of those newly selected 
in 2020. Through year end we have completed 
48 continuous improvement initiatives providing 
significant benefit, and we are excited about the 
opportunities ahead to drive further progress.
ESG: A Uniting Force
Our financial commitment to improving the environment 
helps inform our global business strategy, including 
how we work with partners, support our employees, 
make our operations more sustainable, manage 
issues, and govern our activities.
A commitment to ESG initiatives is a common 
thread knitting together our priorities. Our desire 
to be a socially responsible bank that respects the 
environment informs our strategic plan and how we 
execute it.Partnering to Build  
Stronger Communities 
Regions succeeds when the communities we 
serve are vibrant and thriving. That’s why being a 
strong community partner, both through our lending 
activity and philanthropic endeavors, is central to 
our purpose to create shared value. This purpose 
is integral to our business model as well as our 
approach to community engagement. In pursuit of 
that purpose, in 2020 Regions:
 Established and funded the Regions Community 
Development Corporation (RCDC) as a wholly 
owned subsidiary. The RCDC’s role is to provide 
debt and/or equity financing for projects and 
entities with a community development purpose.
 Promoted inclusive prosperity through the 
Regions Foundation by investing in initiatives 
aimed at reducing barriers to economic success.
 Disbursed more than $6 million through the 
Foundation to community partners across our 
15-state footprint.
Elevating Our Commitment to Racial 
Equity and Economic Empowerment
In 2020, tragic events and racial injustices profoundly 
affected us as individuals and communities. 
Urgent and necessary calls for racial equity and 
justice quickly followed these events, and Regions 
responded with a firm commitment to stand with our 
communities to address systemic racism and bias. As 
a financial institution we see it as our responsibility to 
use our resources and expertise in ways that address 
disparities and create positive change: In July 2020, we announced a new two-year 
commitment to invest $12 million to advance 
programs and initiatives that promote racial 
equity and economic empowerment for 
communities of color.
 Together, Regions Bank, the Regions Foundation 
and the RCDC by year-end had allocated more 
than $5.2 million to positively impact communities 
of color, providing equitable opportunities for 
success and prosperity.
Achieving Our Environmental Objectives
We’re focusing on operating in socially responsible 
and environmentally sound ways that make life better 
for all. Although Regions is not a major emitter of 
carbon, we recognize our responsibility, and embrace 
the opportunity, to minimize our carbon impacts. 
Our environmental goals and initiatives are very 
much aligned with our objective to create shared 
value for all stakeholders and to drive continuous 
improvement in everything we do. Accordingly, we 
have established goals to reduce our Scope 1 and 
2 greenhouse gas emissions and energy use, each 
by 30 percent by 2023 against a 2015 baseline, 
and we continued to progress toward these goals 
in 2020. A significant factor in these reductions is 
our work to streamline our facilities footprint. One 
benefit of our continuing digital transformation is 
resource conservation and waste reduction. We’ve 
also prioritized implementation of ESG frameworks 
with a financial materiality disclosure threshold, such 
as those developed by the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board and the Task Force on Climate-
Related Financial Disclosures.
9
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
CEO Message (continued)
In 2020, we increased our efforts to assess the risks 
and opportunities associated with climate change by 
forming a cross-functional environmental and social 
risk management execution team. Scenario analysis 
is underway to assess the impact of physical and 
transition risks on our lending portfolio and our 
operational resiliency. Understanding these risks 
and opportunities will benefit our strategic planning 
process as we transition to a lower carbon economy.
Responsible Governance
We adopted a version of the Rooney Rule for Board 
of Director candidates in 2019, and instituted a 
similar practice for Section 16 Executive Officer 
positions, including the CEO, beginning in 2020. We 
have a robust year-round engagement process with 
institutional shareholders and provide that unfiltered 
feedback directly to Directors. We spend a lot of time 
ensuring our annual proxy statement includes the 
data and information investors have asked for, and I 
encourage you to read it.
Given the significance of DEI to our broader human 
capital strategy, we look forward to providing 
our stakeholders with additional insight into the 
demographics of our workforce later this year, after 
we file our 2019 and 2020 EEO-1 Report with the 
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.Facing Challenges and Reaching 
Higher—Together 
Although change and challenge will continue into 
2021, Regions’ mission, purpose, values, and culture 
will remain the cornerstones of our success. We 
approach 2021 from a position of strength, confident
in our strategic plans—and in the talented teams 
that will execute them. As in the past, we will stay 
focused on the things we can control and strive 
every day to improve in everything we do. And I 
know we will continue to sharpen our competitive 
edge by leaning into our strengths, executing and 
competing with purpose and passion, and innovating 
through digital and data.Working together, with a sense of unity and shared 
purpose, Regions associates can meet any challenge 
and weather any storm. They proved it in 2020, and 
I’m confident they will continue to reach even higher 
in the year to come. My thanks to them, and to all 
our stakeholders, for their contributions and support.
Sincerely,  
 
John Turner
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 5, 2021
1  Non-GAAP; see reconciliations in Regions’ Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 24, 2021 and 
Definitive Proxy Statement filed March 5, 2021.
10
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Regions at a Glance
Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) is a member of the  
S&P 500 Index and is one of the nation’s largest full-service providers 
of consumer and commercial banking, wealth management, and 
mortgage products and services. Regions serves customers across 
the South, Midwest and Texas.
Consumer Banking
$35B  average assets
$880M  net income19,406
associates
2,000+
ATMs
$122 Billion
total deposits
15-State
footprint4.7 Million
households
1,333
branches
$147 Billion
total assetsBranches and Deposits
PerformanceOur Banking Franchise
Corporate Banking
$61B  average assets
$835M  net incomeWealth Management
$2B  average assets
$105M  net income
LEARN MORE  LEARN MORE  LEARN MORE Ranked 17th   
nationally in  
total depositsTop 5  or better 
market share in 
approximately 70%   
of Metropolitan 
Statistical AreasApproximately 70%  
of deposits in markets 
without a significant 
money center  
bank presence
The information on this page is as of 12/31/20. Business Capital
Capital Markets
Commercial Banking
Corporate Banking
Equipment Finance
Government/Institutional
Institutional Services
Private Wealth
Real Estate
Specialized IndustriesType
11
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Financial Highlights
$1B Net Income from  
Continuing Operations
$1.03  Earnings per Share
56.6%  Adjusted Efficiency Ratio1Principles of Governance
42%  Board diversity based on gender, 
ethnicity, race, and sexual orientation
92%  independent Directors
50%  Standing Committees chaired  
by diverse Directors 
98%  average attendance at 2020  
Board and committee meetings
Planet
41%  reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas emissions since 2015
26%  reduction in energy use  
since 2015
$2.7M  in energy efficiency  
investments
$91M  cumulative energy cost  
savings since 2008People
10 partnerships with Historically 
Black Colleges and Universities
10 Diversity Networks in operation
5% 401(k) Plan matching contribution 
$19M  annual learning and 
development investment
Over 600,000  associate training  
hours completed
Prosperity
$29.4M  in philanthropic and community 
giving by Regions Bank and the Regions 
Foundation
$12M , two-year commitment to promote 
racial equity and economic empowerment 
for communities of color
1.8M  people received financial education 
from Regions
37,500  hours logged by Regions associates 
to make life better in our communities 
$938M  in home mortgage lending to low- 
and moderate-income borrowersRecognition
2021  Military Friendly 
Employer by Military Friendly®  
7-time  Gallup Great 
Workplace Award winner  
with 1 Gallup Manager of  
the Year Finalist
100%  score on Human Rights 
Campaign Foundation™ 
Corporate Equality Index
1Non-GAAP; see reconciliations in Regions’ Annual Report on Form 10-K 
filed February 24, 2021 and Definitive Proxy Statement filed March 5, 2021. 2020 Performance Dashboard
12
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Business 
Strategy 
Overview
Regions is focused on generating consistent, 
sustainable, long-term performance and shared 
value for all stakeholders through every business 
cycle. Our focus, along with our vision, mission 
and values, guides our strategy and helps us 
realize measurable progress, year after year. 
During 2020, despite the uncertainty and 
disruption, day-to-day operations continued to 
execute against our strategic priorities, which are: 
 Lean into our strengths.
 Execute and compete with purpose and passion.
 Innovate through digital and data.Leaning Into Our Strengths
 Delivered personalized advice and guidance to 
customers by equipping our talented bankers with 
the best technology and training. 
 Expanded associate Diversity Networks and 
made meaningful progress in increasing diverse 
candidates and hires in the talent pipeline.
 Improved internal mobility for all associates 
through enhanced career mapping, succession 
planning, and cross-functional training.
 Ranked first among regional banks in the J.D. 
Power 2020 U.S. Online Banking Satisfaction 
survey, a testament to Regions’ highly  
engaged associates.
Continuously Improving
 Grew revenue by 7 percent; on an adjusted basis1 
revenue growth was 6 percent. Record pre-tax 
pre-provision income1 increased 11 percent over 
the prior year and adjusted pre-tax pre-provision 
income1 increased 9 percent to its highest level in 
more than a decade.
 Improved adjusted efficiency ratio1 by 140 basis 
points to 56.6 percent for the full year 2020. 
 Grew consumer and small business checking 
accounts. Also increased corporate loan 
production by 6 percent, while achieving adjusted 
average loan1 growth of 3.7 percent.
 Completed 48 continuous improvement initiatives.Driving Innovation Through  
Digital and Data
 Continued to meet customers’ rapidly changing 
needs, in part because of ongoing omnichannel 
delivery investments.
 Increased mobile transaction volume by 33 percent 
and by 50 percent in dollars in 2020, with emails 
and chats now representing 8 percent of total 
contacts with our customers.
 Converted to online applications and enabled  
139 forms to be executed through eSignature.
 Redesigned Regions’ mobile app to include 
expanded convenient servicing tools such as 
recurring transfers, credit card payment details, 
and customer profile updates.
Making Strategic and  
Disciplined Investments
 Strengthened mortgage business with the 
strategic addition of more mortgage loan officers, 
generating 113.8 percent growth in mortgage 
production in 2020 from the previous year.
 Acquired Ascentium Capital LLC, an equipment 
finance lender providing financing of essential-use 
equipment for small business customers through 
a technology-enabled model that delivers same-
day credit decisions and funding.
 Continued a multi-year process to replace core 
loan and deposit systems.Because we take various actions to deliver strong financial results and create shared value, success is 
measured in many ways. Here are some recent examples of value we deliver for our stakeholders:  
1Non-GAAP; see reconciliations in Regions’ Annual Report on Form 10-K 
filed February 24, 2021 and Definitive Proxy Statement filed March 5, 2021. 
13
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Principles of 
GovernanceIn This Section:
Governing  
Purpose                      15
Quality of  
Governing Body18
Stakeholder  
Engagement 24
Ethical  
Behavior27
Risk and Opportunity  
Oversight35
14
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Governing
PurposeThe extent to which governance 
drives firms to establish and pursue 
a positive and clear purpose, and the 
extent to which corporate purpose 
guides strategy.
Our Approach to Shared  
Value and Strategy
Our vision, mission, and values continue to be the 
foundational elements of our strategic planning and 
are integral to our ability to serve our customers, 
communities, associates, and shareholders.
Our Vision
Our vision statement is aspirational: “to be the premier 
regional financial institution in America through being 
deeply embedded in its communities, operating as 
one team with the highest integrity, providing unique 
and extraordinary service to all of its customers, and 
offering an unparalleled opportunity for professional 
growth for its associates.”Our Mission
Our mission is about what we do, how we do it, and 
for whom: “to achieve superior economic value for 
our shareholders over time by making life better for 
our customers, associates, and communities.” 
 Expanding Regions’ Mission to include  
our Purpose: 
 –Our purpose answers the question of why 
we exist: “to create shared value for all of 
our stakeholders—customers, communities, 
shareholders, and our associates as well.” 
 –Our mission statement includes our purpose 
to create shared value: “Our mission at 
Regions is to achieve superior economic 
value for our shareholders over time by 
making life better for our customers, our 
associates, and our communities, and 
creating shared value as we help them meet 
their financial goals and aspirations.” Our key points to creating shared value:
 –We are not motivated by profit alone.  
We believe that business is only done  
well when all stakeholders benefit: our 
customers, communities, shareholders,  
and our associates.
 –Integrity, trust and respect are fundamental  
to how we operate. We want to win, but we 
want to win the right way.
 –We only offer customers products and services 
that they need, want, and understand.
 –When our communities are strong and thriving, 
local businesses also benefit. By investing 
resources in our communities, we ultimately 
deliver value to our shareholders as well.
Simply put, we want to 
be the best regional  
bank in America.
15
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
strategic capital planning, protecting our balance 
sheet through hedging, pursuing merger and 
acquisition activities, and maintaining mature ESG 
strategies and practices.
 Innovate through digital and data by making 
disciplined investments in new capabilities, 
optimizing operations and leveraging technology, 
beginning a multi-year initiative to modernize core 
systems, enabling rapid delivery, and evolving our 
approach to meet tomorrow’s customer needs.
We believe that by focusing on our strategic priorities, 
Regions will better serve our customers, associates, 
communities, and shareholders.Governing Purpose
Our Values
Our values reflect how we will reach our vision, 
deliver our mission, and execute our purpose every 
day we come to work. These values serve as the 
measuring stick by which to judge our behavior  
and results:
 Put people first.
 Do what is right.
 Focus on your customer.
 Reach higher.
 Enjoy life.
Our Strategy
Regions’ strategy is built on our vision to be the premier 
regional financial institution in America; our enduring 
mission of shared value; and our five core values.To compete in a dynamic and evolving operating 
environment, Regions will continue to focus on 
what we can control. The 2021-2023 Strategic Plan 
identifies three key strategies:
 Lean into our strengths by leveraging our 
culture to create shared value, focusing on our 
customers, building the best team, investing in 
our markets, and managing dynamic risk.
 Execute and compete with purpose and 
passion, including effectively managing credit 
risk, delivering competitive segment strategies, 
working to continuously improve, executing 
Our strategic priorities balance the needs of our customers, communities, associates, and shareholders.
16
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Each of Regions’ business groups is responsible 
for creating its own strategic plan. These plans 
also include ESG elements that contribute to 
Regions’ overall strategic plan, which is presented 
to the Board. During the strategic planning 
process, and throughout the year, our strategy and 
business decisions are informed by feedback from 
stakeholders including customers, associates, 
community partners, and shareholders. 
Values-Based Governance
At Regions, we strive to use our corporate values 
as a lens through which decisions should be made. 
Regions’ Board provides guidance for sound 
decision-making and accountability and oversees 
management, who help ensure we are in compliance 
with laws and regulations. Maintaining legal and 
regulatory compliance is a minimum standard, 
and we endeavor to exceed this baseline by 
implementing leading governance practices. Further, 
we strive to conduct business according to the 
highest ethical standards, as evidenced by our Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics (Code of Conduct) 
applicable to all associates and Directors, as well Governing Purpose
as our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers 
and our Supplier Code of Conduct applicable 
to our suppliers and vendors. Our associates 
and Directors take these ethical responsibilities 
seriously and are mindful of our values; in 
particular, to do what is right. We maintain an 
environment of openness and transparency and 
take every opportunity to protect our culture 
by promoting Regions’ values. Our customers, 
shareholders, communities, and associates expect 
no less of us if they are to continue placing their 
trust and confidence in us.
The Board and management understand that 
good governance is the foundation of sustainable 
business and is necessary for creating shareholder 
value over the long term.
17
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Quality of
Governing BodyThe extent to which the form and 
function of the governing body are 
aligned to long-term value creation.
Messages from Board Committee Chairs
The Audit Committee has continued to enhance its practices 
and carry out its critical responsibility to provide oversight of 
Regions’ financial reporting process, including assessing risks 
and complying with legal and regulatory requirements. The 
COVID-19 pandemic brought unique challenges to the forefront 
of the industry and highlighted a need for strong governance. 
During 2020, as the Audit Committee Chair, I received frequent 
updates to changes in the Internal Audit plan to address the 
challenges presented by the pandemic. Further, I met regularly 
with the leadership team from Internal Audit, executives and 
other members of management, as well as the independent 
auditing firm, to preview meeting topics and materials and to 
gain valuable insight on the scope and results of audit activities. 
The Audit Committee focused on the estimation of the 
allowance for credit losses, as well as other critical accounting 
estimates impacted by the pandemic. There was also focus on ensuring the Company appropriately presented and disclosed 
the risks associated with the pandemic. In addition, the Company’ s 
acquisition of Ascentium Capital, LLC and the adoption of the 
CECL accounting standard were actively monitored throughout 
2020. The Audit Committee received regular updates on critical 
accounting estimates such as the allowance for credit losses, 
fair value measurements, intangible assets including goodwill, 
residential mortgage servicing rights, and income taxes. Other 
specialized or Board-requested presentations covered topics 
such as the fraud and collections control environment, privacy, 
customer transparency initiative, and updates on new accounting 
standards.
Focused training was provided to the Audit Committee to help with 
its oversight on current and emerging matters. Educational sessions 
included topics such as CECL, cyber security insights and governance, 
data privacy, enterprise resilience and the regulatory landscape. 
The Audit Committee, through hard work and frequent communication, 
worked with management to ensure oversight of sound practices 
throughout a difficult 2020.Carolyn Byrd  
Chair of the Audit Committee 
The “Quality of Governing Body” section reflects our Board of Directors as of our 2021 Annual 
Meeting of Shareholders, held on April 21, 2021.
18
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Quality of Governing Body
In 2020, the CHR Committee continued its oversight of 
executive compensation and human capital management. 
The CHR Committee worked with management to establish 
appropriate and challenging corporate performance incentive 
goals that support the Company’s strategy and directly impact 
Named Executive Officer compensation. The CHR Committee 
also continued its oversight of total rewards, corporate 
culture, diversity, equity, and inclusion, talent management, 
management succession planning, and associate conduct.
In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the CHR Committee 
emphasized associate well-being. With the oversight and 
guidance of the CHR Committee, Regions implemented 
measures to help protect associate safety. These measures 
included, but were not limited to, providing COVID-19 testing 
and related treatment at no cost to associates, enhancing paid 
leave and telehealth benefits, providing face coverings for all 
associates, reducing occupancy levels in facilities, and enhancing 
operational practices to protect social distancing. Regions also 
provided additional compensation for eligible branch, contact 
center, and certain other operationally essential associates.
Through its oversight, the CHR Committee strives to strengthen 
the effectiveness of our human capital management strategies 
and alignment with our corporate culture and long-term 
strategic priorities.The events of 2020 have directed the spotlight onto governance and ESG 
practices. In particular, it is more evident now than ever that companies must 
have strong and effective practices in place before a crisis occurs. This became 
incredibly clear during the COVID-19 pandemic. Those companies with strong 
governance practices were better able to react and respond by supporting their 
employees, customers, and communities. Our committee continues to update 
the corporate governance documents that are most integral to our operation, 
informed by emerging best practices and stakeholder expectations. Many of 
these documents are available on our website at ir.regions.com/governance. 
As the Board committee with primary responsibility for oversight of the 
Company’s ESG practices and disclosures, the NCG Committee has prudently 
overseen management’s growth in this important area. Significantly, the NCG 
Committee considers ESG to be a journey with many significant milestones 
along the way. One such milestone was the inclusion in our 2019 Annual Review 
& ESG Report of a section realigning the report’s content with the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosure’s (TCFD) recommendations; we also 
committed to publishing our first full, stand-alone TCFD Report in mid-2021. 
The Company responded to our third CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure 
Project) Climate Change Questionnaire in 2020, and we expect to continue in 
the future. Regions released its initial 2018 Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) disclosure in late 2019, and we anticipate providing an updated 
report before the end of 2021. 
As we continue recovering from the events of the last year, the NCG Committee’s 
oversight of forward thinking with respect to ESG will be unwavering.Don DeFosset  
Chair of the Compensation and 
Human Resources  
(CHR) Committee Ruth Ann Marshall  
Chair of the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance (NCG) Committee 
19
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Consistent with the expectations set forth in 
its charter, the Risk Committee has effectively 
established parameters and tolerances for risk-
taking by the Company. The Risk Committee 
has monitored these parameters and tolerances 
extensively over 2020 to ensure the Company 
remains in alignment with our established risk 
appetite during a period of heightened stress. In 
response to the pandemic, the Risk Committee 
has provided focused oversight of credit risk, 
including credit policy and underwriting, credit 
quality and trends, and the impact of new 
accounting guidance to the allowance for credit 
losses. In addition, the Risk Committee has 
monitored the impact of the pandemic to capital 
adequacy, business resiliency, model performance, 
and the control environment and has overseen the 
deployment of customer relief programs. 
While the Company’s pandemic response was 
paramount, the Risk Committee also effectively 
monitored other key risks to the Company 
during 2020, including, but not limited to, 
customer privacy and fair banking, interest 
rate risk management, data governance, cyber 
and information security, and third-party risk 
management, as well as conducting recurring 
reviews of risk factors associated with business Johnny Johns
Chair of the Risk Committee 
changes made in connection to the Company’s 
strategic priority to Continuously Improve. Many key 
risks that were examined fell within the expanding 
realm of ESG, which is only expected to grow in 
importance within the Risk Committee’s oversight 
responsibilities. Moreover, the Risk Committee has 
monitored and will continue to monitor risk culture 
and associate health and well-being in a period of 
significant social and political unrest.
The Risk Committee also completed its annual 
self-evaluation process for 2020, based on leading 
corporate governance principles to evaluate 
elements such as committee structure, composition, 
and oversight. The results of the evaluation 
demonstrate that we have strong membership with 
diverse backgrounds and skill sets that contribute to 
the effectiveness of the Risk Committee overall.
The Risk Committee will continue to work with 
management and outside experts with the goal of 
ensuring prudent and effective risk oversight of the 
Company within the fast-paced and ever-changing 
financial services industry.Quality of Governing Body
In response to the pandemic, the Risk 
Committee has provided focused oversight 
of credit risk, including credit policy and 
underwriting, credit quality and trends, and 
the impact of new accounting guidance to 
the allowance for credit losses.
20
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Quality of Governing Body
Board of Directors Profile
NAME AGE INDEPENDENTDIRECTOR 
SINCE COMMITTEE(S) PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONTOTAL 
PUBLIC 
COMPANY 
BOARDS1
Carolyn H. Byrd272 Y 2010 Audit (C) Chairman and CEO—GlobalTech Financial, LLC 2
Don DeFosset 72 Y 2005CHR (C)
NCGRetired Chairman, President and CEO—Walter Industries, Inc. 4
Samuel A. Di Piazza, Jr.270 Y 2016Audit
CHRRetired Global CEO, PricewaterhouseCoopers; Retired Vice 
Chairman, Citigroup Global Corporate and Investment Bank4
Zhanna Golodryga 65 Y 2019CHR
RiskChief Digital and Administrative Officer—Phillips 66 1
John D. Johns369 Y 2011 Risk (C) Retired Chairman, President and CEO—Protective Life Corp. 3
Ruth Ann Marshall 66 Y 2011CHR
NCG (C)Retired President, The Americas—MasterCard International, Inc. 3
Charles D. McCrary 69 Y 2001 BOARD CHAIR Retired Chairman, President and CEO—Alabama Power Co. 1
James T. Prokopanko 67 Y 2016NCG
RiskRetired President and CEO—The Mosaic Co. 3
Lee J. Styslinger III 60 Y 2003NCG
RiskChairman and CEO—Altec, Inc. 3
José S. Suquet2, 364 Y 2017Audit
RiskChairman, President and CEO—Pan-American Life Insurance Group 1
John M. Turner, Jr. 59 N 2018 President and CEO—Regions Financial Corp. and Regions Bank 1
Timothy Vines255 Y 2018Audit
CHRPresident and CEO—Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Alabama 1
1 Corporations subject to the registration or reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
2 Audit Committee Financial Expert
3 Risk Management Expert
(C) Committee Chair
21
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Quality of Governing Body
Board Statistics and Highlights Board Structure
The Board assumes an active role in providing 
oversight of, and guidance to, our executive 
management team and in maintaining a strong 
system of checks and balances. The Board believes 
that an appropriate Board leadership structure 
includes a substantial majority of independent 
Directors with diverse backgrounds and experiences; 
extremely capable committee chairs; and strong 
independent leadership provided by either an 
independent, non-executive Chair of the Board or 
a Lead Independent Director. The Board’s current 
leadership structure meets these objectives.
The Board believes that its leadership structure 
should be flexible to accommodate different 
approaches based on its evaluation of the best 
interests of the Company and our stakeholders at 
any given time. The Board carefully considers its 
leadership structure and composition each year in 
consultation with the NCG Committee as part of its 
continuous succession planning process. A critical 
aspect of the Board’s leadership structure analysis 
is determining how best to honor the Board’s 
commitment to maintaining robust independent 
leadership, given the present needs of the Company. 
After undertaking such an evaluation in early 2021, 
the Board continues to believe that the Company’s 
interests are best served at this time by having 
an independent, non-executive Chair to provide 
independent leadership to the Board, while the 
Company’s CEO continues to participate in the 
Board’s activities and operations as a Director.DIVERSITY 
50% 7292%
independent25%
by gender25%
by race/
ethnicity42%
by gender, race,
ethnicity, and sexual
orientation
standing committees chaired 
by diverse Directorsmandatory retirement age (with rare 
exceptions in specific situations)9 years
average tenure66
average age
Directors overboarded under ISS 
and Glass Lewis Guidelines and 
market standards:
NoneChair of the Board:  
IndependentEngagement with institutional shareholders:  
Year-round
Number of Directors or executive  
officers permitted to enter into  
hedging agreements or pledge stock:  
None
22
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Quality of Governing Body
Our 2021 Proxy Statement includes information 
about the Board and its standing committees and 
their respective responsibilities, as well as a Board 
Skills and Composition Matrix that sets forth, on a 
Director-by-Director basis, the diversity of expertise 
and skills that each Director contributes to the 
Board’s oversight of the Company. This Matrix 
also discloses, on a Director-by-Director basis, 
the diverse characteristics each Director brings to 
the Board. Each year, Directors undergo a robust 
evaluation process to help ensure each is actively 
contributing to the Board’s operations and that 
all necessary skills are present. The evaluation 
process includes one-on-one discussions between 
the independent Chair and each independent 
Director; one-on-one discussions between each 
committee Chair and their members; full Board and 
committee evaluations; and follow-up action items, 
as applicable. This process is further detailed in our 
2021 Proxy Statement.
The NCG Committee, which oversees the Board 
evaluation process, is also responsible for identifying 
and assessing potential candidates for Directorship 
using the criteria established by the Board and set 
forth in the Corporate Governance Principles. Since 
2016, the Board has appointed six new Directors. 
Each of these new Directors has provided unique 
skills and backgrounds that complement those of 
the other Directors, thus providing the Board with 
additional diverse points of view when making 
decisions and providing oversight. Further, half of  
the Directors added since 2016 are diverse.Commitment to Leadership Diversity — 
The Rooney Rule in Action
In 2019, the NCG Committee and Board amended 
the Corporate Governance Principles to reaffirm the 
Board’s commitment to diversity (including gender, 
race, and ethnicity) by adopting a version of the 
“Rooney Rule.” Pursuant to the revision, the NCG 
Committee will endeavor to include candidates who 
reflect diverse backgrounds in the pool of candidates 
from which Director nominees are chosen. Similarly, 
third-party firms used to compile a pool of Director 
candidates will be requested to include such 
individuals. This rule was extended to searches for 
candidates for a Section 16 Executive Officer position, 
including the CEO’s successor, in 2020. These changes 
further the existing practice among the Board and 
executive management of considering diversity when 
recruiting and nominating individuals for Directorship 
and Section 16 Executive Officer positions.
Compensation Philosophy  
and Objectives
Our compensation and benefits programs operate 
under the guidance and oversight of the CHR 
Committee. The CHR Committee is responsible 
to the Board for approving Regions’ executive 
compensation objectives and ensuring that the 
compensation programs and policies of the 
Company support the business goals and strategic 
plans approved by the Board. 
We operate in a highly competitive and regulated 
environment. Our ability to successfully compete and 
grow our business depends on the skill, acumen, 
and motivation of our executives and their ability to develop and execute a dynamic strategic plan. With 
this in mind, the CHR Committee established the 
following guiding principles of compensation to serve 
as the foundation of our compensation philosophy:
 Compensation targets should be transparent and 
set at competitive levels.
 Actual compensation should pay for performance 
based on goals that are clear and focused. As an 
associate’s business responsibilities increase, the mix 
of compensation should be more heavily weighted 
toward variable compensation that is considered  
“at-risk,” based on corporate and individual results.
 Compensation programs should promote shared 
value through alignment of the long-term interests 
of our shareholders, customers, and associates.
 Compensation programs should be balanced, 
incenting sustainable, profitable growth without 
encouraging associates to take unreasonable 
risks that may damage the long-term value of the 
Company. To ensure programs remain consistent 
with the safety and soundness of the Company, 
compensation programs should be subject 
to robust risk management and governance 
frameworks, including oversight by the CHR 
Committee of the Board.
 Compensation programs should be fair, equitable, 
and align with our corporate values.
In addition to these broad guiding principles, the 
CHR Committee adopted a number of key practices 
that are consistent with our philosophy and our 
commitment to excellence in corporate governance. 
Equally as important as adopting strong practices is 
a commitment to refrain from certain compensation 
and employment practices that are inconsistent with 
our philosophy and goals.
23
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Stakeholder
EngagementThe nature of engagement with material 
stakeholders, including the processes in place 
to understand stakeholders’ key concerns 
and the Company’s impact on them.
We believe that engaging with our stakeholders 
should be a long-term, ongoing, and two-way 
communication process. We proactively seek out 
mutual learning opportunities with stakeholders 
that allow us to exchange information about our 
respective viewpoints, strategies, and practices.The following chart sets forth some of the methods 
we use to engage our stakeholders, as well as a 
non-exhaustive listing of compelling topics we 
regularly discuss during our engagements with 
our stakeholders. 
STAKEHOLDER HOW WE ENGAGE ENGAGEMENT TOPICS
Shareholders  Corporate governance events
 Investor Day
 Director-shareholder engagement
 Board presentations from shareholders
 Sell-side sponsored conferences
 Roadshows Investor visits
 Quarterly earnings calls
 Annual shareholder meeting
 Virtual and in-person meetings
 Outreach calls
 Update emails Financial performance
 Strategy
 Executive compensation
 ESG
 Human capital management
 Climate change
 Diversity, equity, and inclusion
Customers  Personal banking relationships
 Internal and external customer surveys
 Digital banking channel
 Social media Centralized Customer  
Complaint Program
 Annual event with Board at  
off-site meeting
 Selected quarterly client events Customer access to banking solutions
 Fair and responsible banking product 
needs, characteristics, and limitations
 Financial literacy
 ESG
24
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Stakeholder Engagement
STAKEHOLDER HOW WE ENGAGE ENGAGEMENT TOPICS
Associates  Engagement surveys
 Conversations with Clara, transparent dialogue  
on diversity, equity, and inclusion hosted by our 
Head of DEI
 Regions Edge™ learning and development system
 Intranet site
 Monthly discussion guides for managers to share 
information with teams
 Business group newsletters
 Company-wide meetings led by our CEO
 Office of Associate Conduct
 Better Life Award
 Regions Dependent Scholarship Program Evergreen Week, a week dedicated to showing 
management’s appreciation of associates
 Matching Gifts Program
 Report It!  Hotline and online portal
 United Way giving
 Doing More Today® website focusing on 
Regions’ community engagement
 Regions Alerts, email notifications of changes in 
organizational information
 Share the Good®
 What a Difference a Day MakesSM
 Annual event with Board at off-site meeting Customer banking needs  
and satisfaction
 Access to banking
 Fair and responsible banking
 Product needs, characteristics,  
and limitations
 Financial literacy
Regulators, 
Policymakers, 
State and Federal 
Legislators, and 
Agencies Management meetings and briefings
 Management and committee reports
 Targeted exams
 Continuous monitoring meetings with management Management and committee report submissions
 Responding to proposed rules through 
comments during the notice-and-comment 
rulemaking process Capital planning and positions
 Liquidity management and positions
 Governance and controls
 Regulatory compliance
 Trade association engagement on 
legislation and regulatory policy
 Legislation and regulatory policy
 Risk management (Credit, Model, 
Operational, etc.)
Communities 
and Nonprofit 
Organizations Funding support of community programs  
and initiatives
 Volunteer, community service, and board 
membership by associates
 Relationships with local market executives  
and bankers
 Partnerships with local community relations officers 
and community development managers Collaborations with Regions’ Disability Services 
and Outreach Manager and Regions’ Service 
Members and Veterans Affairs Manager Economic and community development
 Education and workforce readiness
 Financial wellness
 Disaster relief and recovery
 Diversity, equity, and inclusion
25
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Stakeholder Engagement
Corporate Governance Forums and  
ESG Outreach
Regions engages with shareholders through our 
involvement with and participation in corporate 
governance and ESG organizations, such as:
 Broadridge Independent Steering Committee
 Council of Institutional Investors
 Harvard Law School Corporate  
Governance Roundtable
 International Corporate Governance Network
 John L. Weinberg Center for  
Corporate Governance
 Society for Corporate Governance
 Stanford Law School Institutional  
Investors’ Forum
Throughout the year, Regions engages with third-
party ESG rating organizations; standards-setting 
organizations, such as SASB and CDP; and proxy 
advisory firms. Each of these stakeholders plays an 
important role in our governance strategies, initiatives, 
and disclosures by allowing us to engage with them 
on ESG best practices in each of these areas.
Regions also seeks continuous improvement 
in our practices and disclosures through our 
relationship with Ceres. Ceres is a sustainability 
nonprofit organization that works with investors 
and companies to build leadership and drive 
sustainability solutions. We were accepted to 
Ceres’ Company Network in 2019. Since that time, as a Company Network Member, we have had the 
opportunity to gain valuable insights into ESG best 
practices, stakeholder expectations, and other 
ESG-related guidance through Ceres’ in-house 
expertise. Most recently, we consulted Ceres on our 
environmental and social risk management initiatives.
 
Director-Associate Engagement
The Board and management set a “tone at the top” 
that is characterized by, among other hallmarks, 
open and transparent communications across 
all levels of the Company. Throughout the year, 
Directors interact with associates in a variety of 
ways, and the Company regularly provides specific 
opportunities for Director-associate engagement. 
For example, associates regularly attend and 
present at Board and committee meetings to 
provide subject-matter expertise and additional 
insights into items being discussed. In addition 
to the Board and committee meetings, small 
group meetings or one-on-ones are arranged 
with associates without executive management 
present to discuss topics of interest to Directors. 
Associates also regularly attend the Board dinners 
and breakout sessions that typically coincide with 
quarterly Board and committee meetings.
Throughout their tenure, Directors are encouraged to 
visit various Regions facilities, including the Regions 
Operations Center, and to meet with associates. 
This provides Directors with the opportunity to 
observe the customer experience in action, as well as operational processes and, most importantly, to 
interact directly with our associates. In October, the 
quarterly in-person Board and committee meetings 
are typically held in a different city throughout the 
Regions footprint, together with customer events. 
These off-site meetings and events provide the 
Directors with another opportunity to interact directly 
with associates, as well as customers within our 
footprint. In addition to these arranged interactions, 
all Board members have full and free access to 
contact and meet with any Regions associate.
Finally, the independent Chair of the Board sends 
an annual memo to the Executive Leadership Team 
reminding them that they may speak directly and 
confidentially to the Board regarding any substantial 
concerns that are irresolvable among management.
During 2020 and 2021, certain of these activities 
have been temporarily paused to better enable safer 
environmental conditions for our associates and 
Directors. It is our hope that many or all of these 
activities will be able to resume as the COVID-19 
pandemic subsides and/or vaccines are deployed.
26
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Ethical
BehaviorThe extent to which a company is conducting 
itself ethically, in line with applicable laws and 
norms for corporate behavior.
Ethical Business Conduct
We value our relationships with associates, 
customers, vendors, and the communities where we 
work and live. In every interaction, Regions must be 
regarded as trustworthy, honest, and fair.
By having a strong Code of Conduct, we demonstrate 
that do what is right  is not just a slogan — it is 
the way we do business. The Code of Conduct is 
designed to provide resources and guidance to help 
ensure, among other matters, that:
 Regions and its associates remain in compliance 
with all applicable laws and regulations.
 Regions is a safe and non-discriminatory place to 
work and conduct business.
 Confidential and proprietary information  
is protected.
 Inappropriate gifts or favors are not accepted  
or given.
 Conflicts of interest are avoided.The Code of Conduct is about more than 
compliance; it is about what is expected of each 
associate and how we maintain trust with each 
other and those we serve. Associates are required 
to complete annual Business Conduct and Ethics 
training and attest they have read and understand 
the Code of Conduct. The CHR Committee reviews 
and approves all substantive revisions to the Code of 
Conduct annually and receives an annual report on 
the status of Regions’ ethics objectives.
Allegations of associate misconduct are investigated 
by the Office of Associate Conduct (OAC), with 
assistance from other business units as appropriate. 
The OAC, led by our Associate Conduct Officer, 
serves as the daily oversight function of all matters 
involving associate misconduct. The OAC provides 
balanced consultation and effective solutions on 
associate conduct matters, and the Associate 
Conduct Roundtable monitors complaints, trends, 
and emerging issues. Investigations protect 
confidentiality to the extent possible, and remedial 
action is taken when appropriate.Our executive-level Ethics Council is responsible 
for enforcing Regions’ standards of conduct and 
considering all potential violations of the Code 
of Conduct that could have a material effect on 
Regions, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC) reporting violations, internal insider trading 
policy violations, and matters involving significant 
Code of Conduct violations, by executive-level 
associates. The Council meets on a quarterly basis, or 
more frequently if necessary, and provides quarterly 
reports to the CHR Committee on all matters 
presented, as well as an annual report regarding the 
overall status of Regions’ ethics objectives.
Anti-Competitive Behavior
Antitrust laws prohibit agreements among 
competitors to restrict competition. Regions 
strictly prohibits associates from conspiring with 
any of Regions’ competitors to fix prices, allocate 
markets and customers, or refuse to deal with 
particular suppliers or customers. When in contact 
with Regions’ competitors, associates must avoid 
discussing how Regions conducts its business.
27
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Ethical Behavior
No Retaliation Policy
Regions considers retaliation to be a serious violation 
of Company values and the Code of Conduct. Regions 
prohibits retaliation of any kind for good-faith reports of 
alleged ethical violations or unlawful or illegal conduct. 
Regions’ No Retaliation Policy is set forth in the Code 
of Conduct as well as in other Company policies.
We want associates to be comfortable reporting 
potential policy violations, and we protect the 
confidentiality of complaints we receive to the 
extent possible. When complaints regarding 
associates are reported, the OAC is notified so 
that potential retaliation and all other associate 
misconduct complaints are investigated promptly 
and fairly. Oversight by the OAC helps ensure that 
our preventive measures, complaint handling, and 
resolution efforts are effective.
At Regions, do what is right  is not just a platitude; 
it is at the heart of all we do. We believe that our 
actions have yielded positive results in the form of a 
culture that reflects our values, and we will continue 
to review our processes and policies to ensure their 
effectiveness in reinforcing that culture.
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
Our Code of Conduct prohibits associates from 
engaging in bribery or corruption of any type. The 
Code of Conduct expressly prohibits associates from 
giving gifts to or accepting gifts from government 
officials. Associates who are offered a gift or other 
item of value that would result in a violation of 
Regions’ policies are required to immediately report 
the incident to the Ethics Program Manager.Regions also has an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 
Officer, who reports through Financial Crimes Risk 
Management. We instituted an Anti-Bribery and 
Anti-Corruption Policy, which requires associates 
to comply fully with all applicable anti-bribery laws, 
including the Bank Bribery Act and the Foreign 
Corrupt Practices Act. This policy, which incorporates 
the guidance contained in our Code of Conduct, 
establishes Regions’ requirements to conduct 
business activity in an honest and ethical manner, with 
a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption.
Whistleblower Protections
All associates must abide by the laws, regulations, 
and policies impacting the financial services industry, 
as well as other more broadly applicable federal and 
state laws and regulations, including employment 
laws, antitrust laws, privacy laws, insider trading laws, 
and criminal laws governing fraud, embezzlement, 
anti-corruption, and anti-bribery. Regions does not 
permit retaliation of any kind for good-faith reports of 
ethical violations or misconduct of others.
Regions encourages and expects all associates  
to voice ethical concerns about matters such as 
accounting, internal controls, auditing, discrimination, 
and harassment; report violations or suspected 
violations of laws or regulations, the Code of Conduct, 
or other Regions policies or procedures; and potentially 
unlawful or illegal conduct by customers, associates, 
or vendors. We offer several channels through which 
associates and others may raise such concerns:
 Associates may choose to report the activity 
directly to our HR Connect team via telephone or 
using the HR Connect online messaging function. Two other channels, the Report It!  Hotline and 
the Report It!  website, are administered by a 
third party and are available 24 hours a day, 
seven days a week to enable associates to make 
reports anonymously.
 The Raise the Red Flag online referral form allows 
associates to immediately refer potentially suspicious 
activity or behavior to internal investigators
 Associates may also anonymously send a letter 
directly to the Associate Conduct Officer
At Regions, do what is right  is not 
just a platitude; it is at the heart of 
all we do.
We also recognize the important role our customers 
can play in ensuring we are meeting the obligations 
of our Code of Conduct. The Regions Centralized 
Customer Complaint (CCC) Program is used to identify 
opportunities to enhance our products, services, and 
the customer experience. This enterprise-wide program 
helps us ensure that each individual customer complaint 
is timely addressed, and it also allows us to identify 
complaint trends and areas for improvement.
28
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Ethical Behavior
Consumer Protection
Regions’ customers and communities are at the 
heart of our businesses, and we are strongly 
committed to treating prospective and existing 
customers in a manner that is equitable, transparent, 
fair, and consistent with consumer protection laws 
and regulations. Regions is committed to offering 
products and services based on an assessment of 
customer needs, and we have prohibitions against 
engaging in any predatory or unfair, deceptive, or 
abusive acts or practices (UDAAP). All Regions 
associates are expected to adhere to both the 
letter and spirit of fair and equal treatment laws and 
principles, not simply because they are the law, but 
because fair and responsible banking principles are 
built into Regions’ corporate values.Regions established a Fair and Responsible 
Lending (FRL) Policy to which all business groups 
are expected to adhere. Additionally, Regions is 
strongly committed to making the financial products 
and services we offer available to prospective and 
existing customers on a fair and responsible basis. 
Accordingly, Enterprise Customer Protection and 
Privacy Compliance (ECPPC), a component of 
Risk Management, is an essential part of Regions’ 
business and growth strategies. The ECPPC team 
identifies, measures, mitigates, monitors, and 
reports compliance with all fair lending laws and 
UDAAP . Regions, as part of its overall Compliance 
Management Program, works to foster and promote 
a culture of compliance with regulatory requirements, 
internal policies, and industry guidance impacting 
consumer and business products and services.
Regions associates are required to complete six 
Mandatory Annual Compliance (MAC) courses, which 
include modules related to Fair and Responsible 
Banking, Risk Management, and Business Conduct 
and Ethics. Every associate also has a responsibility to 
adhere to Regions’ FRL Policy, as well as to ensure all 
aspects of the lending process, including application, 
underwriting, closing, servicing, and beyond, are 
executed consistently, fairly, and accurately without 
regard to any specific characteristics or basis as 
prohibited by law.
Regions’ commitment to fair and responsible 
lending is incorporated throughout the product 
lifecycle, including product development, advertising, 
marketing, training, and established Customer 
Assistance Program. Regions also established credit 
policies, procedures, and product guidelines that direct all phases of the lending process and govern 
activities such as pricing, product eligibility, servicing, 
and other functions of offering and extending credit.
In an effort to better understand our customers, 
Regions captures concerns and feedback to identify 
opportunities to improve our products, services, and 
processes. This includes capturing issues raised by 
our customers in the CCC database. In addition, we 
conduct customer surveys and participate in national 
syndicated studies, and then use this information 
to measure satisfaction and further enhance our 
customer service.
For example, our Mortgage team has a 
programmatic focus on meeting Regions’ fair and 
responsible banking commitment. The program 
includes a needs-based, customer-focused strategy 
designed to further transparency and clarity 
throughout the loan process. Our online mortgage 
application, along with the consumer portal, creates 
increased efficiencies and allows borrowers to track 
loan progress and receive the information necessary 
to make informed decisions during the origination 
process. A communication and training plan also 
helps ensure all Mortgage associates understand our 
fair and responsible banking/lending commitment.All Regions associates are expected 
to adhere to both the letter and spirit 
of fair and equal treatment laws  
and principles.
29
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Ethical Behavior
Fair and Responsible Banking Objectives
 Inform customers about products and  
services that meet their needs and give  
them the information they need to use these 
solutions appropriately.
 Share product communications and disclosures  
in a clear, transparent way.
 Deliver financial education to customers  
and communities.
 Improve customer satisfaction and loyalty through 
fair and responsible banking practices.
 Comply with all regulations and laws related to  
fair and responsible banking.
Regions’ customer clarity documents, in both English 
and Spanish, tell customers in straightforward 
language about our products and services. These 
Regions Quick Guides® support our Regions 
Simplicity Pledge®, which is our commitment to 
providing customers with the information they need 
to make sound financial decisions and to understand 
how their accounts and our services work — simply, 
clearly, and using plain language.
Centralized Customer Complaint Program
Regions’ CCC Program is one of our many Voice 
of the Customer programs, which are designed to 
gather the opinions and thoughts of our customers 
in order to help us measure and enhance our 
products, services, and the customer experience. 
All associates, regardless of their role, are trained 
on the CCC Program and have access to and a responsibility to record customer complaints in the 
CCC database. Through the CCC Program, we 
can more thoroughly document and address each 
individual customer complaint; further, the CCC 
Program allows us to identify emerging trends and 
areas for improvement. Key components of the 
program include:
 A centralized application, the CCC database, that 
is used to record customer complaints and any 
actions taken to resolve the customer’s concerns.
 A process to ensure every customer complaint is 
reviewed for timely and thorough resolution.
 Root cause analysis that is performed by leadership 
and subject-matter experts throughout the 
Company—analysis is used to identify and correct 
issues and find ways to enhance our products and 
services and our customers’ experience.
Sales Practices
A company can be successful in a variety of ways, 
but how it achieves that success is just as important 
as the success itself. At Regions, our values and 
our culture serve as the foundation for how we want 
to be successful — by listening to our customers, 
understanding their needs, and meeting those needs.
Placing the customer first ensures that we are 
furthering their interests and helping them reach their 
unique financial goals. This customer-centric culture 
is reinforced through a series of communications 
and controls that help to ensure we work in our 
customers’ best interests. Examples include:
 Branch Incentive Plan Design:  The Consumer 
Banking Group is committed to administering 
an incentive plan that rewards associates whose 
behaviors promote growth of the organization and 
sound risk management by utilizing the customer-
focused, needs-based approach. Branch bankers 
only receive incentives for opening products or 
providing services that meet certain customer 
usage or balance requirements. One quality metric 
excludes closing an active account and reopening 
a new account; another excludes accounts that 
close before predetermined timeframes. Also, all 
incentive plans are governed through the Incentive 
Compensation Oversight Committee.
 Retail Integrity Team:  Our Branch Integrity Team 
proactively monitors sales practices of branch 
bankers using data analytics. Potential concerns 
regarding failure to adhere to the needs-based 
process and/or deviation from the spirit and intent 
of the incentive plan are escalated to the OAC for 
further investigation. Retail Integrity processes 
continue to evolve as the environment changes.
 Routes for Protection:  Information from our CCC 
Program, service quality survey program, and our 
internal Report It!  Hotline and Report It!  website are 
several of the numerous channels used to help 
identify potential instances of sales practices not 
aligned with our needs-based approach. Such 
identified activity is escalated to the OAC for 
further investigation.
 Training:  All branch associates and leaders are 
required to complete a semiannual Banker Integrity 
training that reinforces our needs-based approach 
to serving and acting in the best interest of 
customers. Completion of this semiannual training  
is a requirement for incentive plan participation.
30
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Ethical Behavior
Financial Crimes Risk Management 
Regions is committed to complying with both the 
letter and the spirit of the laws and regulations that 
govern sanctions and prohibit money laundering, 
terrorist financing, bribery and corruption, and 
other financial crimes. We continuously review our 
Financial Crimes Risk Management policies and 
procedures and update them as needed. Regions 
remains committed to ensuring not only that all 
our policies and procedures fully comply with rules 
and regulations, but also that these policies and 
procedures are clearly communicated and accessible 
to our associates.
Our comprehensive, Company-wide, Corporate 
Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering (BSA/
AML) and Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) 
Programs consist of corporate policies and 
standards applicable to all Regions associates, 
management, affiliates, subsidiaries, and business 
units. The Corporate BSA/AML and OFAC Policies 
and Standards, as well as Business Unit BSA/
AML/OFAC Procedures are posted on our intranet 
site. Additionally, as part of our effort to ensure 
that the BSA/AML and OFAC Programs are widely 
understood and observed, we track participation in 
Regions’ mandatory BSA/AML and OFAC training 
programs. We also provide targeted, supplemental 
training for associates in certain positions.BSA/AML and OFAC risk governance is accomplished 
through formal oversight by the Board and its Risk 
Committee, which approve both the BSA/AML and 
OFAC Programs. The Risk Committee receives 
reports related to BSA/AML and OFAC from 
management on at least a quarterly basis. We also 
have a Financial Crimes Risk Management 
department responsible for BSA/AML and OFAC 
Compliance oversight, a BSA/AML/OFAC team 
within the Financial Crimes operations and 
technology unit, a Corporate BSA/AML Officer and 
OFAC Officer, and a BSA/AML Oversight Committee 
(BAOC), which is a management-level special purpose 
committee. All of these governing bodies and their 
roles are intended to oversee and monitor the 
effectiveness of the controls and processes in place to 
identify, measure, mitigate, monitor, and report on 
BSA/AML and OFAC risks.The effectiveness of the BSA/AML and OFAC 
Programs, as well as associates’ adherence to the 
requirements of these programs, are subject to 
ongoing testing by our Internal Audit department. 
Regions is also subject to periodic BSA/AML- and 
OFAC-focused regulatory examinations. Our Board 
and senior management receive regular reports on 
regulatory submissions filed by Regions as required 
by various laws and regulations and by our BSA/AML 
and OFAC Programs.
Individual recognition and accountability are paramount 
to the success of our BSA/AML and OFAC Programs. 
Accordingly, Regions has a program that is 
administered by Corporate Security, with oversight 
by the BAOC, to reward associates for exceptional 
efforts in monitoring and referring potentially 
suspicious activity. Additionally, adherence to the 
requirements of the BSA/AML and OFAC Programs 
is built into associates’ performance evaluations.
31
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Ethical Behavior
Principles Guiding Regions’ Ethical 
Use of Artificial Intelligence 
Regions believes that there are certain aspects of 
banking that should never change: Trust. Security. 
Service. Value. Convenience. At the same time, 
however, banking should constantly evolve in ways 
that better meet—and even anticipate—individuals’ 
needs. One of the ways that Regions is tackling this 
dual challenge is through investing in, building, and 
using artificial intelligence (AI) tools to help ensure 
a more consistent, efficient, and secure banking 
experience for our customers. We utilize AI solutions 
to help us perform multiple important functions, such 
as protecting our customers from fraud, connecting 
customers with the products and services that will 
best suit their needs, and developing an “AI-ready” 
workforce. The importance of these resources only 
underscores the need to use them in an ethical way. 
Regions makes it a priority to use AI in a manner that is consistent with our values as an organization, and, 
as a result, the ethical use of AI receives significant 
attention at Regions. 
We are committed to strong AI ethics and AI 
governance; to demonstrate these commitments,  
we have developed and adhere to core principles  
that drive our ethical use of AI:
 Values:  At Regions, we have a set of core values 
that drives everything we do: put people first, do 
what is right, focus on your customer, reach higher, 
and enjoy life. We apply these same values to the 
building and use of AI at Regions by adopting 
a people-first, technology-second approach. 
We view AI as one important tool among many 
options designed to meet customer needs, and we 
carefully consider the impact on customers before 
building or using any AI.
 Governance: The development and use of 
AI tools at Regions is well-governed. At the 
starting point, one of our business units identifies 
a customer need. Then, an analytical team 
structures a solution, considering AI as one of 
many potential components thereof. At that point, 
risk management evaluates any resulting AI tools 
for privacy, bias, potential risk, mathematical 
soundness, and other considerations. Throughout 
the process, our builders and users of AI follow 
clear guidelines on the ethical creation and use 
of algorithms. A management-level committee 
provides oversight of the entire AI lifecycle, from 
development/acquisition to implementation and 
monitoring. Together, these strong preventive and 
detective controls help us keep our focus on the 
customer while improving services. Rigorous Testing:  Regions is committed to rigorous 
testing of AI tools, whether developed internally or 
sourced externally. As an initial standard, Regions 
will abstain from using any AI unless our risk 
management function can perform rigorous testing 
and detect transparency in the AI’s decisioning. 
We take advantage of advancements in the fields 
of data science and model risk management, 
leveraging performance and explainability tools 
and algorithms to provide insight into how the AI 
makes decisions. Regions tests model design, 
data, ongoing monitoring, re-tuning and re-training, 
hyperparameters, edge-cases and limitations, 
model stability, implementation, and multiple other 
aspects of all AI tools.
32
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
 Diverse and Inclusive Teams:  It is crucial that AI 
be built in a thoughtful, fair and reliable manner 
and evolve to be non-discriminatory. Part of 
how Regions seeks to achieve these aims is by 
developing diverse and inclusive analytical teams 
that reflect the diversity of the communities we 
serve. These teams provide clear insights into 
using AI in a manner that offers consistent benefit 
throughout our customer base. The teams’ work 
is supplemented by enhanced training, thorough 
consideration of customer impact, preventive 
and detective controls, and the ability to address 
potential issues rapidly. Continuous Learning:  Continuous learning is a 
cornerstone of Regions’ analytical capabilities. 
Ongoing training opportunities, which are arranged 
and offered internally by numerous analytical 
teams, include Data Science Days, Knowledge 
Cafes, Analytics Advantage Newsletters, Quant 
Summits, Data360 Training, and many more. One 
such training, our Regions Analytics Institute, is a 
12-week training program that further enhances 
our associates’ skills at building algorithms with 
high levels of transparency, explainability, and 
replicability, as well as testing algorithms and 
data for bias. More than 50 data scientists at Regions have been trained on building ethical AI 
algorithms through the Institute. These ongoing 
learning events track the evolution of technology, 
complementing Regions’ overall culture of 
continuous improvement. AI can be used to 
uncover insights from data that can greatly benefit 
our customers. All consumers should expect 
that this AI is being implemented in a responsible 
manner. At Regions, we are committed to meeting 
this expectation and doing what is right for our 
customers. In that same vein, Regions envisions 
the evolution of these principles as time and 
experience prompt the evolution of AI, both at 
Regions and in the surrounding environment.
Ethical Behavior
33
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Ethical Behavior
Compliance Training 
Regions strives to remain a leader in the banking 
industry, and for us, leadership and learning go 
hand-in-hand. Continuing education is a critical 
component of our culture, so we provide our 
associates with directed educational opportunities to 
better understand the business of banking; the risks 
Regions faces; and our responsibilities to protect our 
customers and comply with laws and regulations.
In addition to job-specific training, we require that 
associates complete six MAC training courses. 
Additional MAC courses are required for many 
associates based on their business units, roles, and 
functions. All of Regions’ MAC online courses are 
reviewed and updated as necessary in response to 
regulatory changes, industry events, and evolving 
risks. Completion of MAC training is a condition of 
continued employment at Regions; new hires must 
complete this training within 30 calendar days of 
their start date, and then again annually. In 2020, 
Regions associates completed nearly 237,000 total 
hours of MAC training.The following course descriptions provide the major 
topics contained within the six MAC courses required 
of every Regions associate.
 Business Conduct and Ethics  emphasizes every 
associate’s responsibility and accountability in 
the areas of conflicts of interest, insider trading/
insider information, incentive program ethics, 
fair and consistent treatment, and discrimination 
and harassment prevention. Associates are 
also required to certify that they have read and 
understand the Code of Conduct and the General 
Policy on Insider Trading.
 Fair and Responsible Banking explains the 
importance of providing Regions’ customers  
with a fair and responsible banking experience. 
Associates are provided with the tools to identify 
and apply key aspects of fair and responsible 
banking regulations and policies and to 
understand how they apply to Regions and  
our customers. The course also provides 
guidelines for avoiding discrimination and  
UDAAP , and for properly reporting customer 
complaints through the CCC database. Fundamentals of Risk Management  reminds 
associates how sound risk management affects 
our ability to best serve our customers and protect 
Regions. The course explains the three lines of 
defense concept, the importance of a strong risk 
culture, and how shared value helps build and 
support that culture.
 Financial Crimes Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-
Money Laundering (BSA/AML) and Office 
of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC)  cover the 
purpose of the BSA, the USA PATRIOT Act, and 
Customer Due Diligence requirements as they 
relate to recognizing, reporting, and reducing 
money laundering and other financial crimes. In 
addition, the course covers OFAC’s requirements, 
how to comply with OFAC, and Regions’ OFAC 
compliance strategy.
 Information Security  provides associates with 
training and information on Regions’ information 
security and protection strategy. The course 
explains user identification and passwords, 
personal computers, mainframe, e-mail, internet 
and intranet, remote access, and business recovery.
 Privacy  explains Regions’ Privacy Pledge 
and when to provide it to our customers, as 
well as the associate’s responsibilities related 
to customer privacy and preferences, which 
includes how and when we communicate with 
customers. In addition, this course discusses 
the red flags for potential identity theft and 
appropriate associate responses.
34
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Risk and 
Opportunity 
OversightThe extent to which governance oversees 
the effective identification and management 
of strategic risks and opportunities.
Board Oversight of ESG
Our Board and each of its four standing committees 
oversee matters related to Regions’ ESG practices, 
performance, and disclosures. The Board and 
its committees receive regular updates on ESG 
progress, including stakeholder feedback, 
programmatic updates, and ratings assessed by 
various ESG data providers. The Board, as overseers 
of risk and stewards of long-term enterprise value, 
play an important oversight role in assessing our 
environmental and social risk management practices 
and understanding the potential impact of ESG 
issues on the Company’s operations and business.
The Board and its committees also oversee 
the Company’s ongoing efforts to provide our 
stakeholders with comparable and decision-useful 
ESG and sustainability disclosures that align with 
our strategic focus on Continuous Improvement. 
For example, Regions was one of the first U.S. 
regional banks to release disclosure using the 
SASB standards. Regions’ disclosure incorporates 
elements of the SASB industry-specific standards 
for Commercial Banks, Consumer Finance, and 
Mortgage Finance, each of which the Company has 
identified as being highly relevant to its operations 
and business.Our response to the CDP Climate Change 
Questionnaire, our SASB Disclosure, and 
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement  
and Goals are published on our website at  
ir.regions.com/governance .
Although the Company has made considerable 
progress on our ESG disclosures over the last few 
years, we recognize that ESG is a journey and that 
Regions benefits from continuously improving its 
ESG performance and reporting efforts. To that end, 
and acknowledging the societal need to confront 
climate change, Regions provided its first disclosure 
aligned with the Financial Stability Board’s TCFD 
Recommendations as a section of the 2020 Annual 
Review & ESG Report; we issued our first stand-
alone TCFD Report in June of 2021. The Board 
believes that responsible and responsive corporate 
governance practices enable companies to generate 
consistent, sustainable, long-term performance and 
that enhanced disclosures provide our shareholders 
with a more transparent look at the Company. NCG Committee:  Oversees the Company’s 
practices and reporting with respect to significant 
ESG matters; assists the Board in establishing 
and maintaining effective corporate governance 
policies and practices; and acts as the primary 
overseer of ESG.
 CHR Committee:  Oversees effectiveness and 
continuous improvement of the Company’s 
strategies and policies regarding our human 
capital management function, including total 
rewards, corporate culture, talent management, 
management succession planning, diversity and 
inclusion (D&I) practices, and associate conduct.
 Risk Committee: Oversees the Company’s 
prudent pursuit of risk and reward through 
significant policies and practices, including those 
related to environmental and social risk.
 Audit Committee: Oversees the proper 
functioning of the Company’s controls and the 
disclosure of matters significant to the Company, 
including ESG-related matters.
35
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Risk and Opportunity Oversight
2020 Board and Committee ESG Presentations/Discussion
E S GEnvironmental Social Governance
 Progress toward meeting goals in 
Environmental Sustainability  
Policy Statement
 Energy efficiency and sustainability 
programs and initiatives
 Climate change and related disclosures
 Environmental and Social Risk 
Management Program Paycheck Protection Program and Small Business 
Administration (SBA) loans 
 Regions’ Human Rights Statement
 Regions’ Supplier Code of Conduct
 Diversity, equity, and inclusion
 Associate health and well-being
 Regions’ Code of Conduct and its effectiveness
 Associate and executive compensation and benefits
 Cyber and data security
 Stakeholder support during COVID-19  COVID-19 business risk and resilience
 Critical accounting estimates and internal controls
 Board and management succession planning
 Board independence and “overboarding”
 Board tenure and refreshment
 Shareholder engagement
 Shareholder rights
36
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
ESG Data Governance 
Regions recognizes that governing our ESG data 
collection and reporting processes so as to promote 
accuracy and transparency is critical to maintaining 
the trust between Regions and our shareholders 
and other stakeholders. Through accurate collection 
of year-over-year data, we are better able to track 
progress against both formal and informal goals and 
identify emerging trends.
To further enhance the quality and accuracy of our 
ESG disclosures, we follow rigorous internal control 
processes, and apply our “lines of defense” approach 
for our proxy statement and this report, the two 
documents that rely most on our ESG data. 
This internal control process includes contributions 
and certifications provided by Regions’ internal 
subject-matter experts, who are the first line of 
defense; multiple rounds of drafting and revisions  
by associates who form a second line of defense to 
better ensure clarity of disclosures; and additional 
reviews by our internal Disclosure Review Committee, 
which is tasked with reviewing certain of Regions’ 
regulatory and non-regulatory disclosures for accuracy 
and clarity. Members from our Internal Audit group, 
a third line of defense, also participate in certain 
portions of this process.
Capital Planning Process 
Effectively managing and deploying capital is essential 
to meeting our strategic and financial objectives, as 
well as the expectations of our stakeholders. Regions 
employs a robust and mature capital planning process 
(CPP) that is designed to ensure capital levels are commensurate with the risk inherent in the balance 
sheet and sufficient to allow the Company to extend 
credit and meet customer needs, including in periods 
of severe stress. Additionally, the CPP seeks to 
promote the efficient use of capital while maintaining 
a long-term approach to capital allocation and 
distribution consistent with stakeholders’ expectations 
and the Company’s strategic priorities. The CPP 
relies upon active participation by cross-functional 
groups throughout the Company, including Finance, 
Corporate Treasury, Risk Management, Internal Audit, 
and the various business groups, and is overseen by 
a governance committee structure that comprises a 
similarly broad cross-section of senior management 
as well as the Board. The governance structure is 
led by the senior management-level Asset-Liability 
Committee (ALCO) and involves several key CPP-
focused sub-committees of the ALCO and other 
relevant senior management-level committees. These 
include the Scenario Design Committee, Operational 
Risk Committee, and Capital Management Committee. 
Lastly, Regions’ Board provides approval and oversight 
of all CPP activities, which flow from the capital plan 
and Capital Policy approved by the Board each year.
Regions’ annual capital plan is developed in 
accordance with our internal Capital Policy that, among 
other things, defines target capital levels and priorities 
for the deployment of capital generated organically in 
the form of earnings from our core operations.
Our current capital deployment priorities are:
1. Organic growth.
2. Sustainable growth in common stock dividend.
3. Strategic investments.
4. Common stock repurchases.Prudent investment of capital to grow the Company 
is our number-one priority, as we believe this provides 
the greatest potential for long-term value creation for 
stakeholders, including the customers, associates, 
communities, and shareholders we serve.
The realities of a competitive market, however, 
naturally place limits on the opportunities available 
to prudently invest in the growth of the Company. 
As such, Regions must remain disciplined in the 
allocation of capital and ensure that returns are 
appropriate in the context of investment risk and the 
strategic objectives of the Company.
Our ability to distribute capital to shareholders in 
the form of dividends and share repurchases is 
critical to maintaining this discipline. Inefficient 
management of capital can lead to strategic risk, 
including underperformance relative to stakeholder 
expectations. Strategic investment, through bolt-on 
acquisition, has the potential to provide shareholder 
value through expanded product offerings and 
services for our clients, but must be considered in 
the context of appropriate risk-adjusted returns. 
Share repurchases provide an alternative use of 
capital when prudent investment opportunities are 
unavailable and prevent the Company from facing 
the losing trade-off between accepting suboptimal 
returns and outsized risk, versus inefficiently carrying 
idle capital. Risk and Opportunity Oversight
37
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
As Regions develops its annual capital plan through 
the CPP , consistent with our capital deployment 
priorities, capital is allocated first to supporting 
expected available growth opportunities, and then 
to support sustainable growth in the common stock 
dividend and to appropriate strategic investment. 
Regions regularly evaluates dividend sustainability 
through the CPP and generally seeks to manage the 
common dividend at a level that can reasonably be 
expected to be maintained through a typical, post-
World War II recession. Finally, unallocated capital 
may be directed to share repurchases, that generally 
represent the most flexible mechanism for deploying 
capital and, in this context, serve to ensure capital 
levels are managed in alignment with capital targets.
The CPP is subject to continuous and in-depth 
supervision by the Federal Reserve and other relevant 
regulatory bodies. In accordance with regulatory 
requirements, Regions’ capital plan is regularly 
submitted to the Federal Reserve upon our Board’s 
review and approval. Any capital distributions included 
in the annual capital plan  
are promptly disclosed following Board approval.
Regions, similar to other bank holding companies, 
is required to participate in the Federal Reserve’s 
Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) 
exercise and may be subject to Federal Reserve-
required constraints on capital distributions, as has 
been the case throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The Federal Reserve restricted distributions during the 
pandemic, requiring that dividend payments and share 
repurchases be limited to an amount not in excess of 
average net income over the four preceding quarters, 
provided that dividend payments remain limited to 
the amount paid in the second quarter of 2020. These 
restrictions were in place through June 30, 2021.Corporate Political Activity
Regions’ Statement on Political Contributions and 
Code of Conduct collectively govern and promote the 
highest standards of behavior by our Company and 
our associates with regard to political activities. These 
policies also support our compliance with all applicable 
federal and state campaign finance laws. Like most 
public companies, Regions recognizes that decisions 
made by governmental agencies and lawmakers can 
have a significant impact on our operations, customers, 
shareholders, and associates. Accordingly, we monitor 
and track issues that affect our business and express 
our views to lawmakers and regulators.
Regions may make corporate political contributions 
in states where doing so is permissible. These 
contributions may be directed to state party 
organizations and candidates for statewide offices, 
state legislatures, and, in rare instances, local offices. 
Also, where legally permitted, Regions may make 
independent expenditures or corporate contributions 
in connection with state and local ballot initiatives, 
and referenda on important policy issues likely to 
impact our business and our stakeholders. However, 
even when legally permissible, Regions does not 
make contributions to single-issue political entities 
organized under Section 527 of the Internal Revenue 
Code (IRC) or to special interest lobbying groups 
organized under Section 501(c)(4) of the IRC to 
support political activities.
 
Regions’ corporate political contributions are subject 
to a tiered approval process based on the amount of 
the anticipated contribution. The full Board receives a 
report on the Company’s annual corporate contributions 
and non-deductible portions of trade association dues. 
Reports are reviewed and certified to be in compliance 
with the Statement by Regions’ Chief Legal Officer.The Company believes that transparency regarding our 
political contributions is important to our stakeholders. 
Since 2014, we have published Government Affairs 
Reports on a semi-annual basis that contain the 
Company’s Statement on Political Contributions and 
our related activities. In each report, we describe our 
oversight process for political contributions and a 
summary of independent expenditures and corporate 
political giving over the report’s covered period. The 
report also discloses trade associations to which 
Regions paid more than $25,000 in annual dues and 
the portion of those dues that were non-deductible 
under the IRC as attributable to lobbying expenses. 
The Company believes that these disclosures offer 
transparency with respect to the Company’s public 
policy advocacy, which benefits our shareholders, the 
Company, our associates, and our customers. Our 
Governmental Affairs Reports can be found under 
the “Company Values, Mission and Vision” page on 
regions.com/about-regions .
Risk and Opportunity Oversight
38
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Risk Management and Compliance
Regions’ mission and business strategy are based 
on the concept of shared value—what we do as 
a business should benefit both our Company and 
our stakeholders. This commitment to shared value 
requires effective management of environmental 
and social risks and opportunities, which aligns  
with our long-held strategic priority to Enhance  
Risk Management.
Our risk management approach begins with a 
strong risk culture that is evidenced by a risk 
governance process, a clear “tone at the top,” 
associate ownership, escalation expectations and 
open communication, and in-depth training. 
Our Risk Management Framework outlines our 
approach for managing risk, which includes  
four components:
 Collaborative Risk Culture:  A strong, 
collaborative risk culture provides a focus on 
risks, including environmental and social risks, 
in all activities and encourages a mindset and 
behavior that enable effective risk management 
and promote sound risk-taking within the bounds 
of our risk appetite. Our risk culture dictates 
that risks be promptly identified, escalated 
and challenged, thereby benefiting our overall 
performance. This culture is demonstrated 
by our concept of clearly defined roles and 
responsibilities, which are critical to the effective 
management of risk.
 Sound Risk Appetite:  Our Enterprise Risk 
Appetite Statement, which incorporates environmental and social risks, defines the types 
and levels of risk we are willing to take to achieve 
our strategic objectives and business plans. The 
risk appetite is also consistent with Regions’ 
mission and values.
 Sustainable Risk Processes:  Effective risk 
management requires consistent processes  
and tools to effectively identify, measure, mitigate, 
monitor, and report environmental and social  
risks. Associates leverage this cycle to manage 
risk and thereby help protect the interests of  
our shareholders.
 Responsible Risk Governance:  Governance 
serves as the foundation for comprehensive 
management of the risks that we face. It outlines 
clear responsibility and accountability for managing, 
monitoring, escalating, and reporting both existing 
and emerging risks. It also provides a robust 
challenge process which better allows us to reach 
our full potential as risk managers.
Clear Roles and Responsibilities
Clearly defined roles and responsibilities are critical to 
the effective management of risk. This approach is put 
into practice through the concept of the “three lines of 
defense.” Associates in the business groups, who deal 
with our customers daily, form the first line of defense.
They identify and address risks ranging from fraud 
to credit decisions. Risk Management forms the 
second line of defense, acting as coaches and 
guides to, and monitors and challengers of, the first 
line. Internal Audit, Model Validation, and Credit 
Review form the third line, providing an independent 
review of the work of the first two lines.Environmental and Social  
Risk Management
Our Risk Management Framework is designed to 
promote environmentally sustainable and socially 
responsible business practices. As environmental 
and social risks continue to evolve, we are working 
to ensure that our Risk Management Framework 
properly captures and addresses these risks in line 
with our broader strategic goals.
Environmental and social risks are embedded 
throughout our Risk Inventory and are managed 
in accordance with our existing enterprise-
wide framework of risk management tools and 
programs. The identification of existing and 
emerging environmental and social risks continues 
to shape our Risk Inventory and Risk Management 
Framework.  For example, we have incorporated 
climate-related physical and transition risks into our 
risk library, as drivers of credit and operational risks.Regions recognizes the significance of 
climate-related, environmental, and social 
risks and opportunities to our businesses, 
customers, associates, the communities we 
serve, and the financial industry at large.Risk and Opportunity Oversight
39
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Risk and Opportunity Oversight
Climate-Related Risks Incorporated Into Our Risk Framework
The following serve as a few examples of our commitment 
to effective management of environmental and social risks:
 As referenced throughout this report, Regions puts 
strong focus on risk management practices and 
controls related to consumer protection, fair and 
responsible banking, human capital management, 
sales practices, financial crimes, use of AI models, 
data privacy and protection, and cyber security.
 Our credit policy identifies industries, products, 
and transaction types that present increased risk, 
including consideration of environmental and 
social risks, which we address by instituting a 
limited credit appetite and elevated approval and 
exception tracking requirements. The Board’s 
Risk Committee reviews and approves our credit 
policy annually. Each section of the credit policy is 
reviewed according to a schedule approved annually 
by the Financial Risk Executive. Our credit policy 
is expected to evolve over time as our research 
continues and our climate risk appetite and desired 
client profile matures alongside our strategy.Physical Risks
Risks associated with the physical effects 
of climate change.  Physical risks may be 
acute impacts (extreme weather events) or 
chronic impacts (gradual changes such as 
sea level rise). Examples include:
 Extreme heat and drought
 Hurricanes
 Wildfires
 Sea level riseTransition Risks
Risks associated with the transition to a low-
carbon economy and entail extensive policy, 
legal, technology and market changes  to 
address mitigation and adaptation requirements 
related to climate change. Examples include:
 Policy and regulation
 Technology development
 Consumer preferences
 Lending parameters on coal mining and coal-
related activities serve as an example of how 
we are tailoring our portfolio. This involves 
enhanced due diligence on high-risk loans, as 
defined by the Credit Risk Committee. Regions’ 
Energy and Natural Resources White Paper, an 
internal document that defines our risk appetite 
with respect to lending in this area, identifies 
many of the heightened environmental risks in 
lending to companies within certain industries, 
such as coal mining companies; for example, 
the document reflects Regions’ decision not to 
lend to companies that use mountaintop removal 
mining practices to extract more than five percent 
of their total annual tonnage. This document is 
subjected to periodic updates.
 A dedicated risk industry team, the Energy and 
Natural Resources Group (ENRG), underwrites 
exposure to energy and natural resources clients. 
This focused effort includes expanded underwriting 
requirements and focused monitoring. A specialized Credit Portfolio Management team 
serves as a second-line-of-defense function 
in Risk Management assessing both systemic 
macroeconomic and idiosyncratic risk factors 
as well as other early warning indicators. This 
team has also established and oversees a 
robust concentration limit and risk measurement 
framework enterprise-wide that measures and 
monitors Bank performance on a monthly basis.
 A dedicated industry team, the Natural 
Resources and Real Estate (NRRE) department 
is responsible for the prudent and sustainable 
management of natural resources assets, such 
as timberland, held in a fiduciary capacity and/or 
owned by our customers.
40
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
During 2020, we performed an assessment of 
climate change-related risks and opportunities, 
including physical and transition risks, based on 
a scenario analysis methodology. We assessed 
through geospatial analysis the long-term impact 
of physical acute and chronic risks on our business 
operations and real estate portfolios. We also 
performed industry analysis to explore vulnerabilities 
and opportunities to transition risks should a 
disruptive acceleration of the transition to a lower 
carbon economy occur. Details of this climate 
change assessment and risk management practices 
can be found in our recently released TCFD Report.
In 2020, we formed an Environmental and Social 
Risk Management (ESRM) Working Group composed of cross-functional leadership to oversee 
our environmental and social risk management 
practices and guide our approach to climate and 
social risk management within our enterprise risk 
framework. This ESRM Working Group meets 
monthly and reports to senior leadership.  
We have also dedicated cross-functional resources 
to an ESRM program effort. In addition to internal 
education and risk framework considerations, a few 
efforts underway include: 
 Socializing an enterprise-wide assessment of our 
environmental and social risk in lending practices.
 Defining “sustainable finance” and developing risk 
framework considerations.
 Developing feasible short- and longer-term 
goals through strategic initiatives designed to 
encourage sustainable finance investments 
in addition to our renewable energy financing 
activities. Examples of additional concepts under 
consideration include programs to finance mass 
transit, alternate fuel creation and delivery, carbon 
capture, carbon offsets (such as timberland), etc.
 Evaluating how we consider supplier alignment to 
environmental and social risk implications.
 Understanding impacts of climate risk and sea-
level change for our assets and portfolio through 
geospatial analysis.
 Socializing results of climate change workshop 
analysis related to physical and transition  
risk considerations.
 Exploring methods for measuring loan portfolio 
Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.Reputational Risk Management
Regions manages social risk as part of the 
Reputational Risk component of Regions’ overall 
Risk Management Framework approved each year 
by the Board’s Risk Committee. Regions’ definition 
of reputational risk emphasizes that reputational risk 
management is the responsibility of all associates, 
who are expected to conduct themselves in 
a manner that reflects positively on Regions. 
Associates identify social and reputational risks  
and refer issues to our Reputation Management 
team (RM).
RM has primary responsibility for assessing and 
escalating matters as needed and providing 
effective challenge to the first-line units’ assessment 
of reputational and social risks. RM collaborates 
with enterprise partners to identify enterprise and 
industry trends and to respond to reputational and 
social risk events and issues. Depending on the 
issue, RM will participate in customer site visits 
and conduct other due diligence to develop an 
understanding of each identified problem. Quarterly, 
RM reports significant issues, events, and trends to 
the Board’s Risk Committee.
Additionally, the Regions Human Rights Statement 
helps provide direction for managing social risk 
and reiterates our mission and values, which 
are the foundation of our conceptualization of 
reputational risk. It also states that we expect 
the entities with which we do business to respect 
individual human rights and conduct business free 
from human rights abuses.
Risk and Opportunity Oversight
41
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Information Security, Business 
Resilience and Privacy
In a digitally connected world, information and cyber 
security present ongoing risks and threats to our 
capital markets and to companies operating in every 
industry. This is especially true in the financial services 
industry, where we deploy advanced technologies to 
collect and use data in both traditional and innovative 
ways. As technology further evolves into a new age 
of advanced automation and AI, organizations that 
effectively and appropriately manage and use data 
will continue to increase market power and revenue. 
We thereby treat the integrity and quality of our 
information security, business resilience, and privacy 
functions as core business imperatives targeted for 
continuous enhancement. 
Information Security
As a company that deals with large volumes of 
sensitive customer information and financial 
transactions, we increasingly rely on the secure 
processing, transmission, and storage of information 
in our computer systems and networks. However, the 
same constantly evolving technological innovation, 
transformation, and interconnectedness that enable 
these capabilities also enable increasingly frequent, 
widespread, and sophisticated cyber threats and 
attacks. For that reason, we treat cyber and information 
security risk as a key operational risk. To mitigate 
this risk, and to honor our responsibilities to those 
whose data we safeguard, we have developed and 
implemented policies and procedures designed to 
permeate the systems, operations, and governance 
structures throughout the Company.Ongoing awareness, continuous adaptation, and 
effective tools, processes and governance are all 
necessary to ensure that our data and information 
systems are protected. We continuously develop  
and enhance controls, processes, and systems to 
protect our networks, computers, systems, and data 
from attacks or unauthorized access. To manage 
information security risk, we have designed an 
expansive Information Security program. One integral 
component of the IS program is our Information 
Security Policy, which aligns with the National 
Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST) 
Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure 
Cybersecurity and NIST Special Publication 800-53. 
The Information Security Program includes layered 
controls of network intrusion detection and prevention, 
enterprise malware protection, advanced persistent 
threat monitoring, and data protection capabilities. 
This program adopts the philosophy of least 
privileged, which is the practice for limiting access 
rights for users to the minimum permissions needed 
to perform work responsibilities. These controls 
provide comprehensive technical, administrative, 
and physical directives designed to ensure the 
security and confidentiality of our corporate, 
customer, and associate information and related 
information systems. 
We regularly assess threats and vulnerabilities to  
our systems so that we can maintain an appropriate 
control environment to effectively mitigate these 
risks. We facilitate internal and external third-party 
assessments, multiple internal and external audits, 
network penetration testing, and regular vulnerability scans of both our internal and external cyber security 
controls to test our detection and response capabilities. 
We also conduct comprehensive due diligence and 
ongoing oversight of the Company’s third-party 
vendors. To bolster these practices, our insurance 
policies cover potential financial losses from cyber 
events. Additionally, we have placed a computer 
forensics firm and an industry-leading consulting firm 
on retainer in case of a breach event. Internally, we 
regularly provide our associates with cyber security 
training and education opportunities to ensure they can 
effectuate our internal controls and risk management 
efforts. Thanks to these efforts, our layered control 
environment has effectively responded to the increased 
number of cyber events we experienced during the 
COVID-19 pandemic and prevented any potential 
material impact to the Company.
Our Information Security organization operates 
under our Chief Operations and Technology Officer, 
who reports directly to our CEO, and is led by 
our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). The 
CISO develops and executes an enterprise-wide 
information security strategy that helps protect our 
customers’ information, while also complying with 
applicable legal and regulatory standards. As part 
of this role, the CISO manages the development, 
implementation, and maintenance of the information 
security infrastructure; oversees the protection of 
Regions’ electronic assets by providing monitoring, 
detection, analysis, event handling, and containment 
of security incidents; monitors information security 
trends internally and externally; and reports to senior 
leadership and the Board about information security 
issues and activities affecting the company.Risk and Opportunity Oversight
42
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Business Resilience
Business interruptions can occur as a result of 
natural or human events and can range from minor 
to catastrophic. Regions is committed to supporting 
our customers and associates in times of crisis 
by providing essential business and technology 
services, minimizing disruptions of service, ensuring 
timely resumptions of service, and limiting related 
losses. To honor this commitment, we make 
business resilience and contingency planning 
integral components of our operations.
Regions’ Business Resilience Program (BR Program) 
facilitates a process that aligns with regulatory 
requirements of the Federal Financial Institutions 
Examination Council, as well as leading industry 
standards from NIST and the International Organization 
for Standardization (ISO). The BR Program is supported 
by our Business Resilience Policy, which provides for 
resilience planning and emergency management, as 
well as our Pandemic Response Guide, which seeks 
to protect associates, customers, facilities, systems, 
property, and operations by maintaining normal 
operations whenever possible. As a part of this effort, 
the Crisis Management team under the CISO develops 
and implements Regions’ approach to managing 
internal business resilience risk, including a formal 
Cyber Incident Response Plan that helps us effectively 
respond to potential data breaches. 
The team also assists Regions’ business units in 
developing and maintaining their own business 
continuity plans. It is a critical responsibility of 
business unit management to prepare for crises  
and react appropriately should they occur. Because of this preparation, we were able to 
implement an alternative work location strategy 
early in the COVID-19 pandemic that enabled a 
significant number of our associates to quickly 
transition to a remote work location. Planning 
also facilitated distributing on-site associates 
across physical locations to allow for proper 
social distancing. Through these changes we 
were able to maintain a stable and productive 
operating environment.Privacy
Data privacy is a critical component as we 
operationalize advanced technologies that collect 
increasing amounts of data and use our customers’ 
and associates’ personal information for conventional 
business purposes, such as processing transactions, 
as well as those enabled by innovative technologies. 
While consumer and regulatory expectations around 
acceptable data use and management evolve over 
time, and can vary by country, state and sector, a 
proliferation of privacy and data protection laws 
emerging around the world imposes complex 
compliance requirements on organizations. Failure  
to collect and process information globally, effectively, 
and in compliance with increasingly complex global 
privacy regulations could threaten business survival. 
Our Privacy Policy governs all business groups 
and associates and states our commitment to 
controlling and mitigating privacy risks. This 
commitment is an important part of Regions’ 
dedication to promoting the highest standards of 
behavior in all aspects of our practices. The Privacy 
Policy is reviewed annually by the Compliance Risk 
Management Committee, and all associates and 
third-party vendors must adhere to this policy.Each business unit is responsible for 
developing and maintaining business 
continuity plans to help protect critical 
business functions in the face of 
temporary or permanent business 
interruptions, which can range from 
loss of physical workspace to loss of 
information technology resources.Risk and Opportunity Oversight
43
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
In addition, the Regions Privacy Pledge, also 
referred to as the privacy notice, is provided to 
all customers upon establishing a new consumer 
relationship or account with Regions. It explains 
how we collect, use and share information. The 
Privacy Pledge also provides customers with 
instructions on how they can limit certain types of 
information-sharing. We post the Privacy Pledge, 
along with other helpful privacy, security, and fraud 
prevention resources, on our website.
The Privacy Policy and Privacy Pledge, and 
accompanying practices and procedures, are 
managed by the Enterprise Privacy Compliance 
Office. The Chief Privacy Officer, who leads the 
office, is responsible for ensuring that:
 Associate training is effective and administered 
annually to all associates.
 Policies and standards reflect legal and  
regulatory requirements.
 Privacy risk tolerance and control environments 
are established as part of day-to-day operations.
 Procedural and transactional reviews and testing 
of business units are performed routinely to 
ensure the Bank is compliant with our policies 
and processes.
 Privacy issues, trends or incidents are escalated 
for prompt attention and resolution.
Regions understands our customers’ awareness of 
the collection and use of their personal data, as well 
as their rights regarding access and control of such data. Regions is committed to continuously enhancing 
its privacy program to further develop a holistic 
principles-based approach that aligns strategic 
business objectives and customer expectations  
in a rapidly evolving regulatory environment.
Governance
Our system of internal controls incorporates 
organization-wide reporting and escalation of 
information security matters to management and 
the Board. Our Board’s Risk Committee provides 
primary oversight of our cyber and information 
security, business resilience and data privacy efforts. 
As part of its oversight responsibilities, the Risk 
Committee annually reviews the Information Security 
Policy, Business Resilience Policy, Pandemic 
Response Guide, and Privacy Policy. It also directly 
oversees information technology and information 
security activities and risks through regular reports from management on information technology, 
cyber security, and related risk assessments. In 
addition, on a regular basis, the Audit Committee 
reviews our cyber security risk management 
practices, primarily by receiving reports on our cyber 
security management program. These reports are 
prepared not only by the CISO but also by our Risk 
Management and Internal Audit functions.
Beyond the Risk and Audit Committees, our Board 
considers cyber and information security, along with 
related risk considerations and mitigation efforts, as 
part of its annual review of the Company’s strategic 
plan. The Board considers cyber and information 
security as part of its annual self-evaluation, and 
several of our Directors have considerable cyber 
security experience.
Risk and Opportunity Oversight
44
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
PlanetClimate Change          46
Solid Waste                  53
Resource Availability   55In This Section:
45
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Climate 
ChangeA stable climate has been a 
critical factor in the growth and 
advancement of human societies.
Energy and Emissions
Banks play a pivotal role in minimizing the impacts  
of climate change. Our ability to effectively honor  
this responsibility depends on how we measure our 
contributions to society, not only through the financial 
support we provide to various industries, but also in 
the sustainability of our operations. Capturing these 
metrics deepens our understanding of our impact, 
via both risks and opportunities, while simultaneously 
enabling us to develop ambitious but practical 
sustainability goals we can share with the public.  
2020 2019 2018 2017* 2016* 2008*
Total Business Travel  
(metric tons CO2e)2,440 8,444 9,095 n/a n/a n/a
  Air Travel 631 2,765 2,898 2,920 2,589 n/a
  Car Travel—Rental Vehicle 800 2,802 2,890** n/a n/a n/a
  Car Travel—Personal Vehicle 1,009 2,876 3,308 4,032 4,214 4,811
  Per Associate*** 0.13 0.43 0.46 n/a n/a n/aSCOPE 3 EMISSIONS
(AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2020)By continuing to gather data, we can evaluate our 
progress against these goals on an ongoing basis 
and also deepen our internal risk management and 
strategic efforts. We provide some of these key 
metrics, and the goals they inform, to solidify our 
accountability and demonstrate our desire for 
openness and transparency. Part of our approach 
to ensuring this transparency is through disclosure, 
such as our 2020 TCFD Report and our 2021 CDP 
Climate Change Questionnaire Response.Value Chain Emissions
We calculate Scope 3 emissions and currently report 
using the Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s Corporate Value 
Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard. 
Pursuant to this methodology, we disclose our Scope 3 
GHG emissions in a number of categories relevant to 
our business in our response to CDP’s annual Climate 
Change Questionnaire. We submit our response to 
CDP and also provide our responses as a stand-alone 
disclosure to complement our other ESG reporting.
As our practices in recording these metrics have 
developed, we have also incorporated our Scope 3 
emissions metrics for business travel into this ESG 
report each year. This chart demonstrates not only 
how our efforts have improved over time, but also 
how our business travel-related emissions have 
declined since 2018. Due to COVID-19, travel dropped 
significantly in 2020; as our associates return to the 
workplace, we will rely on the efficiency efforts we 
already had in place prior to the onset of COVID-19.
*Business travel emissions data predating 2018 is incomplete, as it was not gathered by our vendor. 
**In 2018, we were only able to collect rental vehicle emissions data for the fourth quarter. To estimate full-year emissions, 
we multiplied the fourth quarter’s emissions by four.
***All per-associate figures in this report are based on the number of full-time equivalent employees at year-end.Scope 1:  Direct emissions from owned or controlled sources
Scope 2:  Indirect emissions from the generation of purchased electricity
Scope 3:  Other indirect emissions sources across the value chain
46
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Climate Change
Identifying and Capitalizing on 
Growth Opportunities
We are constantly seeking ways to strengthen our 
understanding of how we indirectly impact the 
environment through the activities that take place 
across our value chain. Over the past few years,  
we have begun disclosing metrics that are 
important to that understanding, such as our 
sustainable lending and investing activity and our 
work to reduce transportation emissions related to 
our business. This report also evidences exposure 
of our lending portfolio to areas we deem to be 
“high-risk” from an environmental perspective.
While we are proud of these efforts, we know 
there is more work to be done. Beyond the risk 
exposure in our portfolio, it is important to delve 
deeper into the analysis by directly investigating and 
quantifying the emissions arising from our portfolio. 
For that reason, we plan to initiate the process of 
evaluating and measuring our Scope 3 emissions 
specific to our portfolio, which will help us assess 
our long-term alignment with the Paris Agreement 
and the transition to a net-zero carbon economy. 
An important initial step will be to evaluate the 
variety of methodologies available for measuring 
these emissions, including those developed by 
the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials 
(PCAF), and determining which one is best suited 
for our portfolio and business. We also plan to 
develop a working definition of “sustainable finance” 
to help advance consistent nomenclature in our 
conversations around this topic. We look forward  
to sharing our progress as this work develops.Regions’ Operational Footprint
We are committed to operating our business 
responsibly, understanding that doing so will  
help us create long-term, sustainable value for  
our stakeholders and society. This commitment,  
and how we plan to act on it, is articulated in our 
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement, which 
was initially approved by management in 2018 and is 
now overseen by the Board’s NCG Committee. The 
Policy Statement contains a number of pledges that, 
as this report demonstrates, we have since made 
considerable progress to effectuate. Namely, the Policy Statement highlights our 
commitments to:
 Understand our environmental risks  
and opportunities.
 Incorporate ESG considerations throughout  
our operations.
 Reduce emissions and energy use.
 Assist in the transition to a low-carbon economy.
 Conserve resources and reduce waste.
 Promote awareness and engagement.
 Report transparently.
Target Area Breadth Unit of 
MeasurementReduction Target 
(against 2015 baseline)Progress 
through 2020
Gross Scope 1  
and Scope 2 
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions 
(Location-Based)Real estate 
where Regions is 
responsible for 
paying utilities 
and maintains 
operational controlMetric tons 
CO2e30% 41%
Energy Use Electricity and 
natural gas usage 
in metered spaceMWh 30% 26%2023 TARGETS FOR REDUCING ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT
47
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Climate Change
We have escalated many existing initiatives while 
developing new approaches to work toward our 2023 
goals, including:
 Energy-efficient lighting and automatic controls.
 HVAC and mechanical efficiency upgrades  
and improvements.
 Building intelligence and remote controls.
 High-performance building envelope upgrades.
 Education and awareness for continuous 
improvement of control processes.
 Real estate portfolio optimization.
 Renewable energy.
Continuing Momentum
As we approached our existing 2023 carbon 
emissions reduction goals, we focused on the 
development of a new goal facilitating long-term 
alignment with the Paris Agreement. As a financial 
institution, we recognize the need to quantify and 
report on the emissions related to investment and 
lending activity under Scope 3. While this work 
is being done, our new goal will focus on the 
operations that exercise direct control over Scope 1 
and Scope 2. This goal was informed by guidance 
from the Science Based Targets initiative and is more 2020 Energy and Emissions Performance
ambitious than the Well Below 2°C model. We 
chose 2019 as the base year because of the 
abnormalities in the usage of our facilities in 
2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
We have also adapted our existing action plan to 
accommodate our new goal. Specifically, we have 
targeted two priorities in helping us reach our new 
goal: first, energy use reduction, which includes 
building automation systems, energy efficient 
equipment, and more sustainable branches; and 
second, portfolio optimization, which focuses on 
competitive real estate portfolio sizing. We look 
forward to reporting on our progress regarding 
this new goal in conjunction with our existing 
2023 energy use reduction goal.
At the end of 2020, Regions operated more 
than 1,300 banking offices and more than 2,000 
ATMs across 15 states. Since developing our 
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement, we 
have seen our operational impact decline across 
our footprint. We also have looked increasingly 
toward investments in energy efficiency 
technology and other areas that maintain this 
downward trajectory in GHG emissions and 
energy use. Our assessment of performance in 
these areas, as well as analyzing related trends, 
utilizes the Greenhouse Gas Protocol to calculate 
the emissions associated with our energy and 
fuel consumption. To continue improving our 
transparency and the quality of our data, we have 
recently completed a third-party verification of  
our 2020 GHG inventory. This 2020 GHG 
Inventory Assurance & Verification Statement is 
available in our ESG Resource Center, as well as 
at ir.regions.com/governance .$91 million 
$2.7 million 
91%cumulative energy cost savings since 2008
energy efficiency investments in 2020
of building energy purchased from grid
ELECTRICITY 
USE BY 
FACILITY 
TYPE
1“Office” includes branches that are in the same facility.
2“Other” includes parking, land, and ATMs.2030 Goal:  
Reduce gross Scope 1 and  
Scope 2 location-based carbon 
emissions by 50% by year-end 2030,  
using 2019 as our base year. 
ANNUAL ENERGY COST SAVINGS 
($ MILLIONS OVER 2008 BASELINE)
48
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Climate Change
2020 Energy and Emissions Metrics Compared to Historical Performance
2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2008
Energy-Efficient Investments ($ millions) 2.70 2.20 n/a n/a n/a n/a
Building Energy Purchased from Grid (%) 91 91 n/a n/a n/a n/a
Total Energy Consumption  (MWh) 190,225 206,056 225,454 224,724 245,129 358,397
  Electricity 174,076 186,622 204,073 210,362 227,875 325,756
  Natural Gas 15,117 19,434 21,381 14,362 17,254 32,641
  Other Combustion 914 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
  Self-Generated Renewables 119 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
  Per 1,000 Square Feet* 16.13 18.96 20.31 19.35 20.80 27.10
  Per Associate 9.80 10.53 11.29 10.35 11.06 11.64
  Per Revenue 30.26 35.16 39.18 39.18 43.50 51.82
2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2008
Total Scope 1 Emissions (metric tons CO2e) 4,274 6,032 6,164 5,092 5,647 8,222 
  Natural Gas 2,740 3,508 3,860 2,593 3,115 5,893 
  Other Scope 1 Sources 1,534 2,524 2,304 2,500 2,532 2,329 
Total Scope 2 Location-Based Emissions  
(metric tons CO2e)75,606 92,321 102,979 105,978 115,498 196,264 
Total Scope 2 Market-Based Emissions  
(metric tons CO2e)72,563 92,321 102,979 105,978 115,498 196,264 
Total Scope 1 + Scope 2 Location-Based 
Emissions (metric tons CO2e)79,863 98,353 109,143 111,070 121,145 204,486 
  Per 1,000 Square Feet* 6.77 9.00 9.83 9.57 10.28 15.46
  Per Associate 4.12 5.03 5.47 5.12 5.47 6.64
  Per Revenue 12.70 16.78 18.97 19.37 21.50 29.57ENERGY  
(AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2020)
SCOPE 1 + SCOPE 2 EMISSIONS 
(AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2020)
*Based on real estate square footage where we are responsible for paying utilities and maintain operational control.
49
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Climate Change
Building Construction
Our standards for construction of new 
branches and renovations focus on energy 
efficiency, water conservation, and the 
adoption of other sustainability building 
practices. In 2020, we completed the 
construction of more than 16 facilities 
using the following green building design 
elements, among others:
100% LED 
light fixturesLight-
colored 
thermoplastic 
roofing 
materialsENERGY 
STAR®-
compliant 
window 
glazing
Carbon-
neutral carpet 
tilesUltra high-
efficiency 
heating, ventilation, 
and air conditioning 
systems with 
demand control 
ventilationRecycled 
content ceiling 
tiles, ceiling grid, 
carpet tile, and 
wall base
50
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Investments in Efficiency
Based on the success of our 2019 capital 
investments in efficiency upgrades, Regions 
continues to apply a holistic approach 
to existing building energy efficiency 
improvements. These upgrades include the 
installation of LED lighting, web-based HVAC 
controls, and power monitoring. Reducing Transportation Emissions
While transportation is not a significant contributor  
to our overall GHG emissions, we recognize that  
we need to do our part in reducing these emissions. 
Regions uses approximately 160 vehicles for corporate 
and branch security, to service Bank facilities, and  
to operate the alternative-fueled associate shuttle 
service at our Birmingham office complexes. We 
continue to identify opportunities to reduce fuel use 
through more efficient routes and service frequencies. 
Further, the expanded deployment of web-based 
controls for HVAC systems is expected to help us 
reduce the number of branch visits required of our 
Facilities Management team by allowing for remote 
management of the systems.
Regions also encourages our associates to reduce 
their transportation emissions. In 2020 we provided 
14 charging ports for electric vehicles at our large 
Birmingham and Nashville campuses that are 
available to approximately 3,200 associates. 
Our associates in the Birmingham area also have 
the opportunity to participate in CommuteSmart, 
an initiative of the Regional Planning Commission 
of Greater Birmingham aimed at helping alleviate 
traffic congestion and reducing air pollution. The 
program offers a variety of smart commuting options 
such as vanpools, carpooling, walking, biking, and 
mass transit. Associate participation in this program 
during 2020 resulted in total vehicle miles reduced of 
386,916 as well as saving 13,759 gallons of fuel and 
217 metric tons of CO2e.Climate Change
Renewable Energy
In 2020, Regions generated 119 megawatt hours 
of electricity across 20 rooftop solar installations 
on Bank branch facilities. Although there is still 
opportunity for energy efficiency improvements in 
existing buildings, rooftop solar systems are ideal 
for newly constructed facilities. In addition to these 
solar systems, Regions is seeking to adopt green 
tariff programs offered to us from utility companies. 
These green tariff programs provide the financial 
and social benefits of installing a new renewable 
energy system when it is not feasible for Regions to 
install such a system on one of our facilities.
In 2020, Regions generated 
119 megawatt hours of 
electricity across 20 rooftop 
solar installations on Bank  
branch facilities.
51
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Next Steps
As this report illustrates, Regions continues to make 
meaningful progress in its efforts to address climate 
change. We firmly believe these foundational steps will 
support our pursuit toward sustainability in the future. 
Recent key achievements — such as conducting a 
climate scenario analysis, refreshing important climate 
metrics and targets, enhancing the role of climate 
sustainability within the strategic planning process, and 
maturing the process for identification of climate risks 
and opportunities — all provide powerful momentum 
to build upon as we learn more about the unique 
and evolving challenges around climate change. We 
will continue sharing our work in this space with our 
stakeholders through our annual TCFD Report. 
To capitalize on this momentum, we have identified 
several initiatives that we believe will provide  
further insight into how climate change could  
affect our business. We plan to translate these 
findings into strategic action. Currently, our planned 
enhancements include:
 Performing quantitative stress testing of  
our portfolio.
 Advancing a definition of “sustainable finance” 
and accompanying methodology, as well as an 
evaluation of a sustainable finance goal.
 Integrating climate factors into client-level  
risk assessments.
 Performing an annual refreshment of ongoing 
scenario analysis.
 Measuring and evaluating our Scope 3  
portfolio emissions.
 Expanding internal education and awareness of 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
 Acting on our plans to achieve our new gross 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions reduction 
goal for 2030.
52
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Solid
WasteAll waste matters to some extent, 
particularly because of the resources 
that are lost when it is disposed of.
Paper Reduction and  
Digital Acceleration
Along with lowering our energy and emissions 
impact on the environment, our operations have 
also enabled us to decrease our paper use. We are 
continually reviewing opportunities to reduce paper 
usage in our offices and interactions with customers. 
Our main focus areas are to reduce associate 
printing and to transition customers to online banking 
and digital delivery of documents and statements.  
Associate Printing
We have reduced our internal copy paper use by  
32 percent over the past year, in part due to operating 
remotely during the pandemic. To reduce associate 
printing, our print optimization program reviews 
overall printing needs and identifies opportunities to 
reduce them. In addition, we use a managed print 
program, which defaults computers to non-color, 
double-sided printing and requires that associates 
release the print job to a network printer. If a print 
job is not released within 24 hours, it is automatically 
deleted by the print management solution.
COPY PAPER USED  (PAGES, MILLIONS)
Omnichannel Service Delivery
Though remote operations during the pandemic 
contributed to our paper use reduction, digital 
innovation and expansion were integral in facilitating 
the transition away from paper while also maintaining 
multiple channels for us to provide safe and secure 
customer service. We have continued to encourage 
customers to shift to online and mobile banking and 
to receive their account documentation electronically. 
Thanks in part to our customers, we saved  
116 million sheets of paper in 2020 as a result of 
customer accounts moving to electronic statements. 
We also launched more than 25 enhancements to 
our mobile application, which allow us to deliver innovative features and functionalities that our 
customers are looking for. The redesigned app’s 
improvements have resulted in a significant increase 
in mobile user satisfaction. 
We have also expanded our eSignature program, which 
allows us to obtain customers’ signatures on necessary 
documentation when they open an account with us; 
generally this capability is accompanied by the option 
for those documents to be delivered to the customer 
electronically. In 2020, we broadened our eSign 
functionality to 18 new groups and enabled its use 
on an additional 139 forms. Ultimately we completed 
2.3 million transactions using eSignature in 2020. This 
functionality benefits everyone involved. It offers our 
customers the convenience and flexibility of reviewing, 
signing, and obtaining copies of necessary account 
documentation at any time and from any location. At 
the same time, Regions is able to automate previously 
manual processes, reduce mailing expenses, and 
conserve paper use. The eSign functionality also adds 
a layer of data security to our products and services by 
negating the need to mail, file, and store important and 
sensitive customer information.
2020 Customer 
Digital Use5.7% Increase
from 20192.9 Million
active digital customers1.1 Billion
digital logins
53
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Solid Waste
Waste Management
When reducing use is not an option, we strive 
to divert waste from landfills through recycling. 
Regions’ confidential waste program is our most 
widespread recycling program, resulting in more than 
11.9 million pounds of paper and other confidential 
materials being recycled in 2020.
Beyond paper and confidential materials, our 
Facilities’ recycling program includes cardboard, 
aluminum cans, plastic bottles, and personal 
electronic waste from home. Recycling stations are 
provided in our major office buildings, operations 
centers, and in some branches where local haulers 
support this program. We continue to work closely 
with waste hauling vendors to optimize our Facilities’ 
recycling capabilities and landfill diversion rates while 
also engaging our associates on proper methods of 
recycling to reduce contamination rates.
Electronic Waste 
Regions strives to reuse electronic equipment 
whenever possible. In 2020, we redeployed  
613 computers internally and resold 959 pieces of 
IT hardware. When reuse or resale is not feasible, 
we recycle using approved hardware recycling 
vendors that are Sustainable Electronics Recycling 
International R2:2013 Standard-certified. These 
certified vendors ensure that our electronic waste is 
properly managed and that valuable raw materials 
are recovered and reused. Through this program, 
Regions recycled approximately 21,981 pieces of  
IT hardware.
POUNDS OF PAPER RECYCLED (IN MILLIONS)
12017 was the first year that we included confidential waste that is associated with 
clean-out projects (e.g., stored records that were destroyed due to office closures) 
in our paper recycling calculation.
54
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Resource
AvailabilityIn the long run, genuine sustainability requires 
us to achieve far greater levels of re-use 
(circularity) of non-renewable resources 
and sustainable consumption of renewable 
resources throughout our economies.
Sustainable Financing
As a financial institution, we understand that our 
ability to mobilize capital grants our industry a unique 
role in the transition to a lower-carbon economy. For 
that reason, we are committed to supporting the 
development and implementation of clean energy 
solutions and providing sustainable lending and 
investment products and services that can benefit 
our customers and our climate.Regions supports the development and 
implementation of clean energy solutions through 
our Solar Tax Equity Finance Team and the 
ENRG. Additionally, our Transportation Group and 
Equipment Finance Group collectively have made 
over $140 million in commitments to mass transit 
and urban rail transit systems. 
Solar Tax Equity Finance Team 
The Regions Solar Tax Equity Finance Team provides 
lease financing for utility scale and commercial 
photovoltaic (PV) solar projects across the U.S. Since 
completing its first transaction in 2016, the Team 
has funded more than 50 different projects in excess 
of $1 billion. In 2020, the Solar Tax Equity Finance 
Team provided $313.5 million in funding for PV solar 
projects located across the country, including the 
largest project in the Team’s history. The aggregate 
capacity of these projects exceeds 268 megawatts.
Energy and Natural Resources Group 
Within Sustainable Finance, ENRG specializes in 
tailored financing products and services for solar/
renewable energy projects. Offerings include 
construction financing, project financing, merger and 
acquisition advisory, and capital markets services for 
the benefit of power and renewables companies. In 
2020 ENRG committed or closed nearly $150 million in utility-scale solar construction financing, $26 million 
in solar acquisition financing, and $75 million in 
offshore wind vessel financing as well as serving  
as a co-manager in a $1 billion senior notes offering 
supporting clean water/wastewater infrastructure. 
In addition, Regions has made a $100 million 
commitment toward a corporate customer’s 
credit facility that promotes renewable energy 
use and sustainable hiring practices through the 
implementation of sustainability-linked pricing.
2020 Sustainable 
Finance Highlights
$575 Million+ 
1 Million+ 
97%in renewable energy financing
acres of sustainably managed timberland
growth year-over-year in client assets allocated 
to ESG-focused investment products
55
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Asset Management Group 
Regions’ Asset Management business group 
provides individuals and institutions with products 
and services that help them manage and grow 
their assets. The team is working to meet growing 
demand for ESG investing and helping Regions 
expand the solutions we can offer to grow 
relationships and meet client needs. 
 The Regions Investment Management team 
within Asset Management has added two new 
ESG-focused offerings to clients in 2020. 
 Asset Management grew assets under 
management for the four externally managed 
ESG-focused products we have offered since 
2018 by 97 percent over 2020. These products 
include two equity products and two fixed-
income products.
In 2020, Asset Management also developed a 
firm-wide ESG/socially responsible investing (SRI) 
philosophy. In 2021, they intend to launch a model 
portfolio consisting of managers deemed to invest 
in a responsible or sustainable manner. Growth in 
ESG/SRI assets over recent years highlights our 
customers’ interest in the ESG-related, socially 
responsible, and impact-focused investment 
opportunities we provide. Natural Resources and  
Real Estate Department
The NRRE consists of 41 natural resource 
professionals who are charged with the responsibility 
of prudently managing hard assets owned by our 
banking and trust customers. Eighteen of these 
professionals are registered foresters responsible 
for the sustainable management of over 1 million 
acres of timberland located across Regions’ 
15-state footprint. Regions manages every acre  
of timberland in accordance with State Best 
Management Practices (BMPs) for Forestry. 
Regions’ forestry management efforts and State 
BMPs are aimed at improving water quality, carbon 
sequestration, and wildlife habitat. In addition to BMP management, a portion of the 
timberland acres managed by Regions’ foresters 
are certified under the 2015-2021 Sustainable 
Forestry Initiative Standard or the 2015-2020 
American Tree Farm Certification Standard. Both 
third-party certification systems promote sustainable 
forestry practices aimed at protecting water quality, 
biodiversity, wildlife habitat, species at risk, and 
forests with exceptional conservation value.
Regions’ foresters take pride in and are committed to 
the sustainable forestry management of our clients’ 
timberland assets.Resource Availability
56
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
PeopleIn This Section:
Dignity and Equality      58
Health and Well-Being   64
Skills for the Future       74
57
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Dignity and 
EqualityProviding equitable opportunities to all 
employees in recruitment and selection, 
training, development, and promotion.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
At Regions, we recognize that a diverse, equitable, 
and inclusive workforce is essential to achieving and 
maintaining a thriving company. Regions has been 
on a constantly evolving journey toward fostering 
D&I throughout the organization. Our commitment 
to D&I starts at the top of our organization, with 
oversight of our initiatives provided by the Board’s 
CHR Committee. At the management level, we 
believe that our work over the past two years, led 
by our head of D&I and their team, has dramatically 
improved the sense of belonging felt by all 
associates. As we strive to enhance our foundational 
culture of D&I, we encourage associates to move 
forward on their own journey of understanding, 
focused on making a positive individual impact on 
our Company-wide efforts.Key Organizational Commitments
In 2020, Regions established three key D&I commitments:
Continue building on inclusion strategies.
Expand leader accountability to  
include empowerment.
Focus on internal diverse talent development 
and acquisition strategies.1
2
3
58
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Dignity and Equality
continue to cultivate a workplace that supports 
open dialogue on D&I, implement and expand 
unconscious bias educational trainings, and 
share best practices and lessons learned with 
the collective business community. In 2020, 
Regions joined over 100 CEO Action companies 
in the first business-led coalition of its kind, 
with a mission to advance racial equity through 
public policy. 
As an extended commitment to the work of the 
CEO Action network, Regions volunteered one 
associate to act as a Fellow to the CEO Action 
for Racial Equity Fellowship Program. This two-
year program’s mission is to identify, develop, 
and promote scalable and sustainable public 
policies and corporate engagement strategies to 
address systematic racism and social injustice, 
as well as improve societal well-being.In Good Company: External Commitments  
to D&I in 2020
Regions earned a top score of 100 for the second 
consecutive year on the Human Rights Campaign’s 
Corporate Equality Index, meriting the distinction 
of being among the “Best Places to Work for 
LGBTQ Equality.” This national benchmarking 
tool on corporate policies and practices pertinent 
to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer 
(LGBTQ+) employees spans nearly every industry 
and geography. To further our commitment to this 
cause, Regions began offering associates the ability 
to self-identify their sexual orientation and gender 
identity within our internal employee directory, giving 
us further insight into our LGBTQ+ workforce.
In 2019, Regions’ President and CEO John M. 
Turner, Jr. joined the CEO Action for Diversity and 
Inclusion™ (CEO Action), the largest CEO-driven 
coalition to advance D&I within the workplace. 
Through this commitment, Mr. Turner pledged to 
THE VALUABLE 500  
 
Regions further publicly demonstrated our commitment to inclusion by joining the Valuable 500. 
This global community of CEOs has committed to improving disability inclusion through business 
leadership and a collective voice.
59
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Dignity and Equality
algorithm to connect associates from different 
levels, lines of business, and demographic 
groups across the Company.
 Carrying out critical inclusion and belonging 
initiatives to address racial tension:
•  Listening Tours — our CEO and the D&I team 
held a series of listening tours across the 
footprint to hear associates’ perspectives.
•  Week of Understanding in July — a series of 
opportunities for every associate to participate in 
leadership-led, constructive, and open dialogue 
about racial differences, examining ways to lift up 
each other and our communities, and promoting 
listening and understanding as important steps 
toward positive change in our diversity journey.
•  Market-Level Table Talks — facilitation of 
Market-Level Table Talks, podcasts, and new 
videos to continue connecting with other 
associates in a virtual environment.
 Creating and executing D&I programming aimed 
at cultivating development, mentoring, and 
exposure opportunities for associates.
 Facilitating more Conversations with Clara, our 
Head of D&I, to offer transparent dialogue on D&I.
 Coordinating 10 Diversity Networks, representing 
approximately 11,000 associates, which play a 
critical role in associate engagement and driving 
the commitment to inclusion and belonging.
 Adding the LGBTQ+ distinction to Workday for 
more inclusive self-identification.
 Sponsoring the Momentum annual conference 
and nominating Regions associates to participate in the organization’s executive leadership and 
junior executive leadership programs, continuing 
a partnership with Momentum that now spans 
more than 15 years to support the professional 
development of female leaders.
The D&I COE also partners with the Talent 
Management and the Talent Acquisition teams on 
succession planning, diverse talent retention and 
acquisition, and diverse talent development. These 
efforts are applied across the Company through:
 Continuing our partnerships with HBCUs, National 
Pan-Hellenic Council (NPHC) organizations, and 
state vocational rehabilitation organizations.
 Driving accountability in the hiring process by 
initiating an open role acknowledgment letter 
sent to hiring managers, asking them to include 
diverse representation on candidate slates and 
the interview panel.
 Identifying, developing, and providing visibility to 
existing diverse talent.Cultivating a More Diverse and Inclusive 
Work Environment
We believe it is important for our team of associates 
to reflect the diversity of the communities we serve. 
One of the primary ways we execute our Build 
the Best Team strategic initiative is by cultivating 
a workforce informed by a full range of thoughts, 
backgrounds and perspectives; we all benefit from 
the creativity, varied perspectives, innovation, and 
energy that arises out of a diverse workforce. To 
follow through on these principles, we seek to 
recruit, develop, and retain the most talented people 
from a diverse candidate pool. Regions’ D&I Center 
of Expertise (COE) forms the core of our D&I work. 
The D&I COE drives our efforts toward building a 
culture of inclusion and belonging. 
To further emphasize this mission, by the end of 
2020, a focus on equity was added to the D&I COE’s 
efforts. Other examples of the D&I COE’s work in 
2020 include:
 Integrating discussion of D&I into business groups’ 
strategic planning process, which contributes to 
Regions’ overarching strategic plan.
 Holding bi-annual meetings with business group 
leaders to help them establish their D&I goals for 
the year, with follow-up progress updates.
 Launching enterprise-wide line-of-business 
progressive diversity goals for our Group 
Manager- and Manager Head-level positions.
 Introducing the “Expanding My Circle” peer 
mentoring program for emerging diverse talent, 
which leverages the MentorcliQ platform’s Read more about the steps 
we take to hire diverse  
talent in Recruiting Talent  
on page 74.
60
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Dignity and Equality
Our disability-related efforts extend beyond 
associates and to customers and communities. 
Regions has a dedicated Disability Services and 
Outreach Manager who is dedicated to our 
external and internal outreach efforts: Maintaining 
relationships with advocates for accessibility, 
staying abreast of their concerns, and working 
alongside Regions’ internal partners to address 
those concerns so that we can ensure we are 
providing accessible banking services. Our 
commitment includes raising awareness of 
autism spectrum disorders and creating an 
autism-friendly environment in our branches,  
as well as investing in programs that both 
promote independent living and increase  
access to job readiness and employment.Disability Services and Outreach
In 2020, we provided our associates with the 
opportunity to self-identify as disabled. To ensure an 
inclusive environment embraces these associates, 
the D&I Center’s work in 2020 included disability 
services and outreach as well as inclusion efforts. 
Actions included:
 Signing the Valuable 500 pledge in support of 
corporate inclusion of those with disabilities.
 Celebrating the 30th anniversary of the Americans 
with Disabilities Act (ADA) and the 75th anniversary 
of National Disability Employment Awareness 
Month by hosting a series of events:
• Don’t Judge What You See.
• The Mix podcast.
•  A week-long ADA event, in collaboration with  
other corporations based in Birmingham, Alabama.
61
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
principles, such as those stated in the United 
Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
and the International Labour Organization’s 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights 
at Work. We are committed to maintaining a work 
environment where all associates at every level 
are treated with dignity and respect, free from 
discrimination and harassment, and can devote 
their full attention and best efforts to their job. 
These same standards apply to our interactions 
with customers and others with whom we do 
business, including suppliers, contractors, 
and subcontractors. Regions expects that the 
entities with which we do business also respect 
individual human rights and conduct their business 
operations free from human rights abuses, such as 
forced or child labor, human trafficking, and slavery.Dignity and Equality
Supporting U.S. Service Members  
and Veterans
We understand that U.S. service members face 
unique challenges that can make managing 
finances more complicated. Regions seeks to 
serve members of the U.S. military and their 
families by providing targeted financial guidance 
and education. We provide financial support, job 
readiness training, and opportunities to cultivate 
entrepreneurial activities within this population. 
In 2019, we launched BRAVE — Building Regions 
Associate Veterans Experience. BRAVE helps 
transitioning military service members build a 
successful career at Regions by matching the 
service member’s talents and experience to 
job postings that best fit their career goals and 
interests while also supporting the challenges they 
may face. BRAVE program benefits include:
 Targeted veteran transition development 
programs in Regions Edge, the Regions 
interactive training platform.
 Veteran-to-veteran mentoring through 
MentorcliQ, a new Regions mentoring platform.
 Easy access to military-specific resources,  
such as benefits, military leave, and  
specialized components of our Employee  
Assistance Program (EAP).
 Support from Regions’ Diversity Networks.
 Community engagement opportunities. Veteran JAM page for networking  
and storytelling.
 New Military Careers Page on regions.com/about-
regions/careers/job-opportunities-for-veterans .
Regions was recognized as a 2021 Military 
Friendly Employer by Military Friendly® for creating 
professional opportunities that leverage military 
experience. Regions also continued offering 
Skillbridge fellowships in collaboration with Hiring 
Our Heroes for the third year in a row, supporting 
veterans’ successful transitions and hiring. We are 
also proud to support the spouses of military service 
members. In 2020, Regions committed to recruiting, 
hiring, promoting, and retaining military spouses by 
joining the U.S. Department of Defense’s Military 
Spouse Employment Partnership. Regions also 
has a dedicated Service members and Veterans 
Affairs Manager who maintains relationships within 
the military community, providing an open line of 
communication among Regions, service members, 
and veterans’ groups.
Human Rights Statement
Honoring and affirming protections for human 
rights is embodied in our values and mission. 
Regions’ support of fundamental rights is also 
reflected in our policies and in our everyday 
interactions with associates, suppliers, customers, 
and the communities where we do business.
We strive to conduct business in a manner that 
is consistent with fundamental human rights 
62
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Dignity and Equality
Finally, Regions supports the communities in which 
we operate through our commitment to financial 
inclusion. Regions has displayed a commitment 
to providing all customers access to the preferred 
financial tools, industry-leading products, and the 
expert advice and guidance we have to offer.
Supplier Code of Conduct
Regions seeks to work with suppliers whose values 
match our own—those that promote diversity, 
equity and inclusion, treat employees with respect 
and dignity, invest in the lives of their employees, 
provide a safe working environment that is also 
free from discrimination and harassment, and 
adhere to fundamental human rights standards. 
Suppliers are expected to adhere to all applicable 
provisions of the Code of Conduct. Further, our 
Supplier Code of Conduct sets forth Regions’ 
expectations for working conditions, human 
rights protections, ethical business practices, 
and environmental conservation applicable to our 
suppliers. At a minimum, we require suppliers and 
their subcontractors to fully comply with all laws 
and regulatory requirements applicable to their 
business activities; but we seek to do business 
with suppliers that go beyond legal and regulatory 
compliance to help us achieve our commitments to 
social and environmental objectives. We expect our 
suppliers to support Regions’ sustainability efforts 
through the services they offer, as well as through 
their own operations. We are also committed to 
building strong business relationships with a wide 
range of high-quality, diverse suppliers.
 Supplier Diversity
We view our vendors and suppliers of goods and 
services as extensions of Regions. We expect 
them to maintain our same high standards of 
integrity, operate responsibly, and support our 
mission to create shared value.
Regions is committed to increasing supply chain 
opportunities for certified diverse suppliers by 
providing access to contracting opportunities 
and supporting supplier development. The 
supplier diversity initiative at Regions focuses on 
building supplier relationships with U.S.-based 
small and disadvantaged businesses and those 
that are owned and controlled by minorities, 
women, veterans, disabled individuals, and 
LGBTQ+ individuals.In carrying out our day-to-day business, Regions 
contracts with thousands of suppliers, many of 
whom subcontract goods and services related to 
the work they perform for us. Several measures 
have been incorporated into our processes to 
encourage our prime suppliers to create more 
subcontracting opportunities for high-performing 
diverse business enterprises. We also continually 
strive to increase our own minority supplier spend.
In 2020, we continued our efforts with the City  
of Birmingham’s Valuing Inclusion to Accelerate 
and Lift Program, providing local Birmingham, 
Alabama-based Black businesses with opportunities 
to enhance diverse supplier relationships. We also 
enlisted additional resources that support our 
application of business enterprise classifications in 
compliance with federal regulations and industry 
standards; these classifications enable eligible 
businesses to participate in our Tier 1 and Tier 2 
programs as Minority-Owned, Female-Owned, 
Service-Disabled, LGBT-Owned, or Disability-
Owned Business Enterprises. All of these initiatives 
are helping us realize our objective to grow diverse 
suppliers as a percentage of total spend to 
industry standards.
63
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Health and  
Well-Being
Associate Engagement
Engaged associates are our greatest resource. They 
care about Regions’ success, and the enthusiasm 
and dedication they bring to work makes life better 
for their fellow associates, our customers, and 
the communities we serve. They also consistently 
generate creativity, innovation, and growth, paving 
the path to performance excellence. We believe 
that in order to drive engagement, we must live our 
values and focus on our strategic priority of Build the 
Best Team. We do this through our efforts to maintain 
a culture that best positions us to attract, engage, 
develop, and retain top talent, especially during 
challenging times. We celebrate the contributions 
and achievements of all associates as a Company 
and reward exemplary performance. In 2020, our Associate Engagement strategy 
focused on leveraging engagement to meet the 
needs of associates and managers during the 
pandemic as well as to create an intentional 
focus on culture. Tools and resources related 
to engagement and the four needs of followers 
(Trust, Compassion, Stability, and Hope) were 
developed and distributed to help support 
managers and associates who were adjusting to 
different operating environments while also being 
empathetic to the challenges they were facing 
outside of work. Three COVID-19 pulse surveys 
allowed for increased touchpoints with associates 
and provided feedback that leaders could 
incorporate into decision-making processes. A culture analysis was also conducted to better 
understand the strengths and opportunities we 
have as an organization and to understand how it 
feels to be a part of Regions. Aspects of this work 
consisted of stakeholder interviews with the Executive 
Leadership Team and associates in various roles 
across the organization; an artifact review; focus 
groups with D&I Networks across the Company; and 
our pulse surveys. All of this work was instrumental in 
determining the custom questions we included in the 
2020 Associate Engagement Survey.
What we know from this work is that the culture at 
Regions is unique. It engages the associates who 
come to work every day and differentiates us from 
other institutions in the minds of our customers. We 
are on a continuous journey to better understand 
how associates experience Regions’ culture and how 
our actions should evolve to meet our associates’ 
needs; in turn, this understanding 
strengthens us as a company and 
enables us to better serve our 
customers and communities.Requires organizations to ensure the 
health, safety, and mental, physical, 
and social well-being of all people in 
their operations and value chains.
GALLUP EXCEPTIONAL WORKPLACE  
 
Based on Regions’ strategic focus on engagement, the culture work completed in  
2020, and the 2020 Associate Engagement Survey results, Regions was awarded with 
our seventh consecutive Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award in 2021. This recognition 
is awarded to organizations that cultivate a culture of engagement and put people at the 
heart of their business strategy. Regions was one of 39 companies across the world to 
receive the distinction. As an award winner, Regions was invited to submit a nominee for 
Manager of the Year. 
64
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Health and Well-Being
Associate Engagement Survey
A fundamental component of building the best 
team is understanding what parts of our culture 
drive associate motivation and engagement. 
Measuring engagement helps us understand what 
we are doing well and how we can improve and 
strengthen our culture and fulfill our mission. To 
this end, Regions distributes an anonymous online 
Team-Associate Engagement Survey to measure 
engagement and collect associate feedback on 
topics relevant that year. Through this survey, 
associates answer questions that enable us to 
capture how they feel about their workplace 
experience at Regions. 
The survey includes 12 questions, known as the 
Q12, designed by Gallup to indicate the level of 
team engagement and compare progress year over 
year. Up to 10 customized questions and at least 
one open-ended question are included in addition 
to the Q12. In 2020, the results indicated focus 
areas of performance, advancement, inclusion, 
agility, and communication that a sample of 
associates felt were most important to the culture 
at Regions. Using these themes, 10 questions 
were developed to dig deeper into these topics. 
Combining the culture work with the engagement 
survey process allowed Regions to gather insight 
and perspective on these important topics from 
the 86 percent of associates who responded.Team-level reports, tools, and resources are 
provided to managers each year. Managers can 
then share the results with their teams and have 
group discussions and impact planning. Teams are 
encouraged to use the group discussion to have 
a meaningful dialogue that celebrates the great 
things they are doing and includes identification 
of new practices that will drive engagement 
and positively impact their day-to-day work and 
performance. By determining a specific plan of 
action and establishing individual ownership, 
teams can become unified in achieving shared 
goals. The tools provided in 2020 also supported 
managers and associates in having more 
challenging conversations around the cultural 
elements included in the custom questions.
Despite an ongoing pandemic and challenges to 
our operating environment, Regions is very proud 
of the 2020 Associate Engagement Survey results. 
Not only did the Grand Mean increase to a 4.34/5 
from a 4.27/5 overall, but we also saw increases 
in the results for 11 of the 12 Q12 items. These 
increases include the highest results obtained 
in the survey’s history for two of the 12 items: 
“Someone at work cares about me,” and “At 
work, my opinions count.” These two data points 
indicate the Company’s efforts to listen to, and 
do what is right for, our associates. In addition, 
we saw strong results in custom questions 
related to Regions’ inclusive environment and 
communication. While there is still work to be 
done, these results were incredibly encouraging 
during an otherwise challenging time.1Gallup Manager of the Year Finalist
2021 Gallup Exceptional Workplace 
Award winner  (based on 2020 results)
86%Average Associate 
Participation Rate
4.34/5Increase in Company Grand 
Mean from 4.27 to 
Highest Results in 8-Year History for  
“ Someone at work cares 
about me” and
“ At work, my opinions count”2020 Associate Engagement  
Survey Highlights
65
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Health and Well-Being
During times of crisis, making the right decisions 
and taking smart actions is more critical than ever. In 
order to better understand and address associates’ 
needs during this crucial time, Regions’ leaders 
needed access to organization- and local-level data 
about how associates perceived the disruptions 
from the COVID-19 pandemic and Regions’ 
response to the disruptions. In March 2020, a 
strategy was developed that included a series of 
three COVID-19 pulse surveys that were distributed 
via Gallup in April, May, and July of 2020. 
The surveys were intended to provide crucial 
information quickly to Regions’ leaders as they 
navigated organizational decisions and, moreover, 
to be a powerful listening and feedback tool for 
managers to use to spark meaningful conversations 
with their teams about what they needed from 
their workplace and each other. Each survey ran 
for three days and all obtained high participation 
rates. As the pandemic progressed, questions were 
added to the May and July surveys that gathered feedback on decisions that leaders were facing at 
that time. May’s survey included questions about 
working conditions and differences between remote 
vs. onsite associates, as well as the concerns 
most important to these two groups. July’s survey 
took place after social unrest, and questions about 
Regions’ response to the unrest were included 
to gauge associate perception of how well the 
organization was responding to those events and 
supporting associates.
Regions is extremely proud of the overwhelmingly 
positive results from these pulse surveys because  
we believe they reflect, among other things, our 
strong associate culture. Tools and resources such 
* % of associates who strongly agreed or agreed with statement.as activities and discussion guides were 
developed to support the content for each of 
these surveys. Existing resources like the EAP  
and Wellness@Regions were also leveraged to 
help associates and managers better cope with 
stresses they encountered both at work and at 
home. In addition, Coach on Call was developed 
to provide support to managers who were dealing 
with situations that were new or challenging to 
them, such as leading remote or hybrid teams. 
Flyers, discussion guides, and podcasts were 
developed to address these topics.
Regions is focused on doing 
what is right for associates 
and customers. 
Question April May July
My employer has communicated a clear  
plan of action in response to COVID-19.89% 89% 88%
I feel well-prepared to do my job. 85% 90% 89%
My immediate supervisor keeps me informed 
about what is going on at my company.91% 92% 90%
My company cares about my overall well-being. 83% 87% 87%COVID-19 Associate Pulse Survey Results — 2020*
66
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Health and Well-Being
Evergreen Week
Although associate appreciation takes place 
throughout the year, Regions specifically honors 
all associates every September during Evergreen 
Week. This week is a time when managers thank 
associates for their hard work and dedication, 
celebrate how associates work together to 
deliver the best results in the right way, and show 
appreciation for associates’ unique talents and 
contributions to our Company. Each year, we 
develop a new theme that guides the activities for 
the week. 
Due to the year’s unique circumstances, teams 
were able to celebrate in new and different ways 
that were socially distanced or virtual, ensuring 
that health and safety standards were upheld. 
Each associate, whether remote or onsite, also 
received a Regions gift box delivered to their 
home or office that included a thank-you letter 
from our CEO and Regions-branded gifts. All 
associates also receive an extra day of paid 
vacation as part of Evergreen Week. Better Life Award
The Better Life Award is the top award given by 
Regions to associates for outstanding dedication 
to customers and the community, as well as job 
performance. The award recognizes associates 
who have gone beyond what is required by their 
day-to-day jobs and whose contributions make 
life significantly better for others. All associates 
are eligible to nominate a coworker — or be 
nominated — for the award. Benefits and Wellness 
We believe that supporting communities and 
maintaining a sustainable business begins with 
contributing positively to our associates’ well-
being. We strive to make life better for associates 
by offering a competitive benefits package.  
Additionally, in 2018, we invested in the lives of 
our associates by raising the entry-level wage to 
$15 an hour. Benefits of tax reform allowed us to 
accelerate our plans to increase wages and make 
this investment in our associates sooner than 
initially planned. This change benefited 
approximately 25 percent of our workforce and 
represents an investment of more than $20 million 
annually in our community economies.
Preparing Associates for Retirement
Over 90 percent of Regions associates participate 
in our 401(k) Plan for Associates. For eligible 
associates who are not accruing a benefit in the 
Regions Financial Corporation Retirement Plan, a 
defined benefit plan closed to new participants, 
we make an annual 2 percent contribution to their 
401(k) Plan, regardless of whether or not they 
contribute themselves. We also increased our 
associate match contributions from 4 percent to  
5 percent beginning in 2019.2020 Evergreen Week Theme:  
“Regions United. Better Together.” 
Better Life Award recipients receive 
an additional week of paid vacation 
and a $1,000 donation  made in the 
recipient’s name to the nonprofit 
organization of their choice.
67
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Health and Well-Being
 Vitality, life@regions, HR Connect, and  
benefits.regions.com, an interactive well-being 
platform with team weight loss challenges, 
condition coaching, and wellness champions.
 Active&Fit Direct — a fitness center discount 
program with more than 9,000 participating 
centers to choose from nationwide.
 Baby Yourself — a prenatal wellness program 
offered through our health insurance provider 
that helps expectant mothers receive the best 
possible care during pregnancy.Helping Associates Balance Personal  
Responsibilities and Work Life
We provide a range of programs to help 
associates and their families get more out of life. 
Some examples include:
 Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
 Associate financial fitness program.
 Tuition reimbursement program, through which 
associates are eligible for up to $5,000 per 
year in reimbursements for business-related 
undergraduate degree courses.
 Regions Dependent Scholarships Program.
 Adoption assistance.
 Company match for eligible charitable 
contributions of up to $1,000 a year.
 $5,000 forgivable loan to make it easier for 
qualifying associates to purchase a home.
 TeamGreen Banking, which provides associates 
with discounts on home equity loans, mortgage 
loans, and other banking services.
Regions further supports work-life balance 
through a range of work schedules and remote 
working situations dependent on position, 
eligibility, and suitability. Alternatives include 
flexible work schedules, compressed work  
weeks, alternative daily work schedules,  
and telecommuting.Our corporate workplace model has changed 
to suit associates’ needs and preferences. Our 
updated workspaces include assigned desks, 
unassigned desks for those associates with 
flexible work arrangements, standing desks, 
social centers, and more small conference rooms. 
This work environment offers associates the 
opportunity to choose the environment where 
they can be most productive. These opportunities 
create multiple benefits for Regions as well, 
including operational efficiencies and savings, 
more options for hiring new talent and retaining 
existing talent, and a more productive,  
devoted workforce.
Cultivating Associate Health  
and Wellness
We provide access to health insurance coverage 
to associates working at least 30 hours per week 
that is both comprehensive and affordable to them 
and their families. Associate health insurance 
costs are progressively aligned with compensation 
so that entry-level associates pay the lowest 
available out-of-pocket premium. We also offer 
wellness programs and incentives that encourage 
healthy choices to associates.
The Regions Corporate Wellness program, 
Wellness@Regions, gives associates access to 
multiple options for improving and maintaining a 
healthy lifestyle. The program includes initiatives 
in the areas of nutrition, physical well-being, 
emotional health, and overall well-being, providing 
associates with resources to enjoy life to the 
fullest with a healthy focus. Examples include:
68
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Health and Well-Being
 Chronic eligible condition support — designed 
to assist associates and dependents manage 
chronic illness through early intervention, 
education, and lifestyle changes.
 EAP — a free and confidential assessment, 
counseling, and referral service for associates 
and eligible dependents who need short-term 
assistance in areas like marital and family 
issues, stress management, emotional issues, 
personal growth, and work/life balance. 
 Fitness Connect — an online resource for 
finding local fitness events, joining local fitness 
groups, posting area wellness discounts, 
sharing team photos, and accessing health and 
fitness information.
 Flu shots — provided to Regions associates 
free of charge via workplace flu shot clinics, 
retail pharmacy programs, network doctors’ 
offices, or reimbursement for those not on one 
of Regions’ available health insurance plans.
 Pack Health Coaching — matches participating 
associates with a personal health coach for 
help on a variety of topics from exercise and 
nutrition to stress and pain management.
 Preventive care and preventive screenings — 
offered through our health insurance provider.
 Tobacco cessation support and tools.
 Vitality — a comprehensive, interactive, and 
personalized wellness platform that rewards 
associates for making healthy choices.Supporting Associates  
Navigating Parenthood
Regions’ support of parents begins before their 
child’s birth with a prenatal wellness program, Baby 
Yourself. The service provides expectant parents 
with support and educational materials, including 
access to a personal nurse whom they can call with 
questions or concerns throughout their pregnancy.
We recognize that the birth or adoption of a child 
can be a stressful time of transition financially and 
from a work-life balance perspective. As a result, 
we expanded parental leave benefits to reflect 
our commitment to support associates and their 
growing families. In 2019, we began providing  
12 weeks of fully paid leave for birth mothers and 
six weeks of fully paid leave for birth parents, 
including domestic partners and adoptive parents. 
Once parents return to work, our support 
continues through on-site and highly subsidized 
childcare at two of our largest office locations in 
the Birmingham area. The Regions TodayCare 
program is offered to support working parents 
by providing high-quality, accessible childcare 
options for full-time, summer, or backup purposes. 
The program accepts children from six weeks  
old through pre-K age year-round and school-age 
children during the summer and on many  
school holidays.Nearly 700 associates—mothers and 
fathers—took advantage of maternity 
and bonding leave programs during  
the year.TodayCare has an open-door policy for parents, 
welcoming them to visit at any time to spend 
one-on-one time with their child. They offer 
dedicated, private space for new moms to nurse 
their babies and use eco-healthy practices 
such as washing fruits and vegetables before 
consumption; purchasing non-toxic toys and art 
supplies; monitoring daily outdoor air quality; 
and using less toxic, fragrance-free cleaning 
products when possible. TodayCare also includes 
Earth Day in their curriculum and discusses 
eco-healthy practices with children when the 
opportunity arises. 
69
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Promoting Associates’ Health and  
Well-Being in the Midst of a Pandemic
Through the challenges posed by the pandemic, 
Regions brought our mission and values to 
life while also demonstrating our commitment 
to keeping associates and customers safe. 
During 2020 we implemented changes and 
enhancements that we determined were in the 
best interests of associates, customers, and 
the communities we serve. Read more about 
associate health and safety during the pandemic 
on page 72.  Physical Health
•  Expanded access to and payments for  
telehealth benefits.
•  Implemented no-cost COVID testing  
and treatment.
•  Offered enhanced leave of absence benefits.
 Mental Well-Being
•  Enhanced access to resources promoting  
mental health.
•  Provided new, free, on-demand  
fitness classes. Working Environment
•  Provided additional compensation to  
eligible front-line associates.
•  Quickly facilitated work-from-home 
capabilities for many associates.
•  Supplied masks to remote and  
front-line associates.
 Manager Support
•  Issued resources on managing others  
through a crisis.
•  Equipped managers with tools and support  
specific to remote management.Health and Well-Being
70
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Health and Well-Being
Associate Health and  
Safety in the Workplace 
Regions is committed to providing a safe and 
secure work environment in accordance with 
applicable employment, safety, health, anti-
discrimination, and other workplace laws.
Our well-established workplace safety and 
security procedures and protocols help to 
provide a governance framework for associate 
and customer safety, including but not limited 
to worksite opening and closing procedures, 
restricted access, weather monitoring, 
comprehensive security monitoring, and 
engagement of third parties for property 
management. Regions has written policies, 
guidelines, and standards on the following 
workplace safety topics:
 Workplace abusive conduct.
 Threatening conduct, workplace violence,  
and prohibition of weapons.
 Tobacco- and vapor-free workplace.
 Non-retaliation.
 Non-harassment.
 Inclement weather and disasters.
 Drug-free workplace.The Regions Corporate Security Department 
annually inspects branch facilities for any security 
needs or enhancements and conducts after-
hours depository reviews and assessments of 
incidents at Regions ATMs. In 2020, Regions 
released new required training for associates that 
focuses on best practices in active aggressor 
situations. The training takes associates through 
real-world scenarios to advise them on how 
to react to an active aggressor based on their 
circumstances. In addition to this mandatory 
training for associates, associates who are 
assigned to work in a branch environment are 
required to complete an additional annual training 
on branch security.
As a part of the Corporate Real Estate Risk 
Mitigation Program, Regions facilities are 
inspected throughout the year for any workplace 
hazards, including potential life safety and 
personal liability risks. Examples of issues that 
may arise include slip/fall hazards, trip hazards, 
and property damage. After a potential risk is 
identified, documentation is collected and a plan 
for resolution is created. Annual exterior lighting 
inspections are conducted to provide well-lit 
areas around ATMs and night deposit boxes,  
and mitigation actions are taken where  
light levels do not meet our  
corporate standards.
71
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Health and Safety in a Pandemic
Even in a time of social distancing, our business 
continues to be a people business. As associates 
and customers continue to navigate the 
pandemic, Regions remains dedicated to 
prioritizing everyone’s health and safety within 
our facilities by:
 Physically adapting facilities
 –Installed over 10,000 plexiglass shields  
in branches.
 –Adopted recommendations from the  
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
on enhancing HVAC filtration and  
increasing outside airflow to  
maximum levels.
 –Installed Needlepoint Bipolar Ionization  
technology in 20 facilities, covering  
1.2 million square feet.
 –Placed hand sanitizing stations throughout  
offices, operations centers, and all  
branch lobbies.
 –Implemented capacity limitations of no  
more than 50 percent occupancy to allow  
for increased social distancing.
 –Installed hand sanitizer dispensers or  
provided disinfectant products throughout  
our workplace. Helping keep our locations safer
 –Administered daily Health Questionnaires to 
retail associates to help mitigate the risk  
of at-work transmission among associates  
and customers.
 –Established hands-free protocols and provided  
devices to promote touch-free environments.
 –Distributed approximately 15,000 informational 
and directions signs on safety protocols in  
our facilities.
 –Implemented social distancing guidelines,  
including floor decals to designate social  
distances required in common areas.
 –Initiated thorough COVID-19 contact tracing  
protocols to minimize at-work transmission.
 Equipping associates with:
 –Disposable facemasks for use when  
working on site.
 –Reusable, Regions-branded cloth face  
masks, once production capacity allowed.
 –Hand sanitizer and disinfectants included  
on the Environmental Protection Agency’s  
List N (effective at killing COVID-19 without  
the need for personal protective equipment).
 Enhancing sanitization procedures
 –Implemented daily sanitization protocols  
for high-touch points in branches.
 –Performed approximately 2,000 enhanced  
disinfectant cleanings following identified cases.
 –Increased sanitizing frequency in our large  
corporate and operations centers.
 –Provided self-service disinfecting supplies  
throughout each workplace for associate use.Health and Well-Being
Emergency Preparedness 
Our associates’ ability to adapt to, withstand, and 
rapidly recover from a disaster or catastrophic 
event is important for both the resiliency of our 
business and associates’ well-being. While events 
like these are unpredictable and can impact 
associates in different ways, there are some 
constants in how we can best prepare. We include 
these in Regions Next Step® program materials, 
which are distributed to associates and include 
how to create a disaster preparedness plan, the 
components of the plan, and the essential need 
to create the plan prior to a disaster occurring. 
Associates receive guidance on evaluating 
insurance policies and assessing the need for 
changes, itemizing belongings, and creating an 
emergency contact listing.
Regions also holds annual natural disaster 
resiliency scenario planning sessions. These 
sessions bring together associates from different 
areas to consider potential disasters and discuss 
best reactions to them. This process includes 
discussion on actions and facility-related 
strategies that could mitigate the impact of future 
potential disasters.
72
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Associates in the Community
We have always valued our associates’ 
enthusiasm, expertise, and passion that they 
bring to their roles each day, and 2020 was 
no exception. Our associates quickly pivoted 
to safely meet the needs of customers and 
communities in an ever-changing environment. 
We are proud of our associates and their 
dedication to supporting the needs of their 
communities to make life better.Share the Good™
The annual Share the Good campaign had 
special meaning in 2020, when Regions 
associates planned and implemented initiatives 
across our footprint. The goal, as always, was 
to make a meaningful difference in the lives of 
others, and never was it more important than 
this year. From gifts to front line workers to 
school supplies, our associates managed to 
share the good when it was needed most.
What a Difference a Day Makes
The What a Difference a Day Makes program 
provides associates with the opportunity to take 
one paid day off each year to make life better by 
volunteering with nonprofit organizations in their 
communities. Offered to all full-time associates, 
this program allows us to partner with them 
as they help others. We feel confident that this 
benefit aligns with associate and community 
expectations of corporate citizenship. In 
addition, we believe it assists us in attracting 
and retaining talent while making life better.The Regions Matching Gifts Program
Available to all full-time Regions associates 
and recent retirees (within the past five years), 
the Matching Gifts program provides its 
participants the opportunity to make an even 
greater impact on communities by matching 
their tax-deductible contributions to their 
favorite qualifying nonprofit organizations. 
Regions matches gifts of $25 or more to 
eligible nonprofit organizations, up to $1,000 
per participant annually. In order to align our 
matching gift policy with our strategic priorities, 
beginning in January of 2021, we expanded 
our organizational eligibility to reflect our 
priority areas of Economic and Community 
Development, Education and Workforce 
Readiness, and Financial Wellness, in addition 
to organizations serving service members and 
veterans and individuals with disabilities.Health and Well-Being
During a year  
that required  
social distancing  
and virtual volunteerism, associates 
logged 37,500 hours in support  
of communities.
SUPPORTING THE UNITED WAY
Regions associates are long-term financial supporters of the United Way through volunteering and personal  
giving to local United Way chapters throughout our footprint. Associates come together annually for our United 
Way fundraising campaign that supports the United Way and its network of member agencies in their efforts 
focused on the health, education, and financial stability in the communities we serve. Associates can elect to ha ve 
the United Way allocate their donations based on the organization’s strategic programming or focus their donations 
in areas associates are interested in supporting, such as education, financial literacy, youth programming, and 
affordable housing. In 2020, Regions supported more than 130 United Way chapters across our footprint and 
donated over $7.7 million through Regions Bank, Regions associates, and the Regions Foundation.
73
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Skills for  
the Future
Recruiting Talent
Regions’ centralized Talent Acquisition team strives 
to identify and implement innovative talent solutions 
that support the building of a diverse, engaged 
workforce. Our associates are a key element of our 
success, and we seek to recruit diverse talent who 
shares our values and mission to make life better.  
We offer performance-driven individuals a place 
where they can build a career—a place to expect 
more opportunities.
Connecting Recruitment and Development
We have developed our Emerging Talent Program as a 
specific pathway to recruiting top talent. This career 
development program is designed to refine technical 
knowledge to fit the current and prospective needs 
of our business, enhance participants’ individual talents, encourage collaboration and networking, 
and model Regions’ values. Candidates may enter 
the Emerging Talent Program through either an 
internship or a full-time, line-of-business-specific 
development program. Most full-time development 
program positions will have a one- to two-year 
rotational aspect.
In addition to this program, we launched Regions’ 
Workforce Development Programs to support 
internships, externships, and fellowships.
Building a Diverse Workforce
Regions is committed to hiring candidates with 
diverse backgrounds and experience. We make a 
concentrated effort to attract diverse talent through 
various recruiting initiatives and collaborative efforts. Our Talent Acquisition team partners closely 
with our D&I COE to execute our strategies to attract 
diverse talent to Regions.
The D&I COE works closely with community 
organizations in our footprint to present job readiness 
programs, mock interview sessions, and resume-
building workshops in an effort to support our 
community while attracting new talent to Regions. 
We are aware of the importance of where we 
advertise open positions with the Company. We have 
continued our partnership with Direct Employers to 
post jobs on diversity-focused job boards to attract 
minority, female, veteran, differently-abled, and 
LGBTQ+ talent. The D&I COE also launched a 
partnership with the Professional Diversity Network 
job board to increase the number of diversity-focused 
job boards where we post our open positions.  
We leverage AI to connect diverse talent to our 
available positions.Access to skilled workers 
is a key factor in becoming 
a successful company.
COMMITTED TO LEADERSHIP DIVERSITY  
When searching for new Director candidates, the NCG Committee includes highly qualified 
candidates who reflect diverse backgrounds (including gender, race, and ethnicity) in the pool 
from which nominees are chosen. When searching for candidates for a Section 16 Executive 
Officer position, including a CEO successor, Regions includes similarly diverse candidates in 
the pool from which the candidate is chosen.
74
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Skills for the Future
Since 2019, Regions has accepted the 
HBCU Partnership Challenge, an effort by 
the Congressional Bipartisan HBCU Caucus 
to encourage corporations to make greater 
investments in HBCUs. We have developed  
an HBCU recruitment strategy focusing on 
strategic relationships with 10 HBCUs across  
the Regions footprint.
Regions also works closely with NPHC 
organizations to attract their membership to  
our Emerging Talent Programs. For example, 
we engage with undergraduate students to offer 
leadership development and demonstrate career 
paths in banking through our relationship with  
the Kappa Alpha Psi® Fraternity, Inc. and its 
national programs, including Lead Kappa and  
the Undergraduate Leadership Institute.
In the summer of 2019, City of Birmingham 
Mayor Randall Woodfin launched Birmingham 
Promise, an initiative to create new career and college opportunities for students in Birmingham 
City Schools while simultaneously helping meet 
the workforce needs of Birmingham’s current 
and future employers. In addition to providing 
students with a clear pathway from high school 
to a rewarding career, the initiative provides 
more inclusive prosperity in the Birmingham 
metropolitan area; the resulting diverse, qualified 
workforce strengthens employers, which in turn 
helps fuel long-term economic growth.
Regions was proud to be one of 21 companies in 
the 2019 pilot program, providing one student with 
valuable on-site experience over the course of 
that summer. We also welcomed five students in 
the spring of 2020, but due to the pandemic, the 
program was postponed; we anticipate hosting 
ten students in 2021.
In addition to our work with community 
organizations and educational initiatives, 
Regions is committed to employing U.S. military 
veterans and active service members who are 
seeking opportunities in the financial services 
industry. Regions has publicly stated our 
support of these efforts through the Employer 
Support of the Guard and Reserve and has Read more about  
our efforts to recruit  
diverse talent on page 60.
issued a separate statement of support through 
Military.com. We engage with this group of talent 
through military-focused career programs, 
fellowships, and on-base recruiting. 
We are equally committed to supporting 
employment for individuals with disabilities. In 
2019, we strengthened our relationships with local 
departments of rehabilitation by hosting a summer 
work program and updating our regions.com careers 
page to affirm our commitment to employing people 
with disabilities.
Deploying New Recruitment Strategies 
We are excited about the investment in and 
potential for new and innovative initiatives to 
further enhance our talent recruitment process 
going forward. In 2020, we invested in technology 
that allowed us to completely rebuild our external 
career site, careers.regions.com, offering external 
candidates a more personalized experience. This 
investment also allowed us the ability to transform 
the talent journey through building, engaging with, 
and tracking talent pipelines.
We developed and launched a formalized Internal 
Mobility Strategy in 2020 aimed at putting a career 
roadmap in front of all Regions associates. This 
builds upon our already strong pipeline of internal 
talent as evidenced by the fact that more than  
45 percent of open requisitions were filled by  
existing Regions associates in 2020.
75
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Skills for the Future
In 2020, our virtual career fairs offered 
automated skills- and career-matching 
technology to recommend exploratory career 
options to associates.is on emerging talent efforts, diversity, high/
low performers, or associates ready to move 
up or across to another role, each business unit 
matches its talent discussions to the current and 
prospective needs of the business. Similarly, 
succession planning focuses first on the most 
critical positions with the greatest possibility 
for turnover and ensures that experienced and 
capable talent is prepared to assume critical roles 
as needed. Incorporating plans that attempt to 
match our best-suited talent for our most critical 
positions allows us to prioritize resources and 
effort into generating the greatest return for 
associates, the organization, and shareholders. 
Regions also implements a progressive 
discipline model, emphasizing learning and self-
improvement, to address performance gaps within 
our associate population.
In order to best evaluate and support talent 
decisions and internal mobility, talent managers 
routinely assess associate performance, 
behaviors, competencies, and skills. Associates 
play their part in the process by regularly updating 
their career interests, mobility preferences, training, 
education, and certifications in Regions’ systems. 
To better assist associates who are interested in 
exploring internal opportunities as part of managing 
their careers, we offer virtual career fairs. Talent Management
Regions’ Talent Management Program strives to 
optimally deploy talent across Regions by focusing 
on where associates excel, helping them find the 
best roles for them at each step of their careers, 
and building talent pipelines to meet the future 
demands of our business. Through this Program, 
Regions employs a consistent, continuous 
approach to talent identification, assessment, 
and development. Because we believe talent 
management should be done well every day to 
maximize the potential of our human capital, we 
assist managers in identifying the events and 
actions throughout the year that are appropriate 
for performing assessments, engaging in impactful 
conversations, and providing productive feedback.
The most critical associate development planning 
event in our talent management process is the career 
check-in. At all levels of the organization, managers 
and associates are encouraged, at least annually, to 
pause and discuss their career goals. Associates, 
who are expected to drive their career planning, take 
the first step by completing a guide and setting aside 
time with their manager to have a discussion. These 
discussions are unique to each associate-manager 
pairing, but they provide an opportunity to drive 
collaborative planning and create commitments to 
associate development. In 2019, we incorporated 
automated next-step guidance to managers based 
on the outcomes of their career check-in conversations.
Engaging in talent discussions throughout the 
course of a year provides the best opportunity for 
managers to dive deeply into the most critical pools 
of talent within the organization. Whether the focus $19 Million
601,156 Hours2020 Learning and Development Investment
Training Hours by Category:
 310,782  Skills-based
 279,208  Compliance
 6,568  Leadership
 4,598  Professional Development
Training Hours by Delivery Method:
 68%  eLearning
 11%  Instructor-Led
   7%  Self-Study
 13%  Virtual Instructor-Led  
            Webex and OtherManagers and their  
teams engage in talent  
discussions throughout the year.
76
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Preparing for a Changing  
Work Environment
Automation, cognitive technologies, and the open 
talent economy are reshaping the future of work. 
While we recognize the importance of technology 
to enrich the customer experience, we believe 
our associates remain our greatest competitive 
advantage and serve as a resource to our 
customers that cannot be matched. For these 
reasons, we continue to invest in associates so 
that they are empowered with the best skills and 
tools — including digital technologies — to more 
efficiently and effectively meet customer needs.
We commit to preparing our workforce for a 
rapidly changing environment and understand 
that reskilling and upskilling are crucial to staying 
competitive and to retaining valued associates. 
To support this need, Regions established a 
new learning ecosystem Regions Edge—a 
customized learning experience platform that 
provides the tools to measure, build, and 
communicate skills inside the organization. 
This tool is designed to empower associates 
to drive their careers through associate-led 
personalization of learning plans based on their 
roles and interests. Regions Edge provides a 
wide variety of learning experiences: articles, Skills for the Future
podcasts, online training, online coursework, and 
peer-to-peer interactions that create an inclusive, 
robust learning experience. Currently, Regions Edge 
is available to approximately 11,000 associates, with 
plans to expand access to all associates in 2022.
Organizationally, Regions Edge provides the 
ability to inventory associates’ skills and target 
development efforts toward specific areas where 
elevated skills are needed now and in the future. 
Regions leverages a combination of internally 
developed learning assets focused on Regions-
specific content along with content developed 
and curated by key subject-matter experts 
throughout the organization. 
Additionally, strategic relationships with training 
vendors such as LinkedIn Learning and Harvard 
ManageMentor® offer more than 12,000 learning 
opportunities across a wide variety of subjects.  
In recognizing the importance of technology, we 
engaged Pluralsight and other specialized 
technology training vendors to provide more than 
6,000 on-demand courses that offer intensive 
learning in application development, IT operations, 
information security, and technology architecture.
Assessing Skills for Future  
Business Needs
In late 2019, we embarked on an initiative to 
identify the future skills required to effectively 
execute on our business strategy and develop 
the learning pathways necessary to upskill 
associates. Our approach to accomplish these 
goals uses the following process:
 Accurately projecting the knowledge and skills  
we need to develop as an organization. Using analysis to align individual associates 
with the knowledge and skills that they need  
to be successful.
 Prescribing learning content for associates  
that targets their individual needs based on 
skills assessments.
 Monitoring progress and creating accountability 
at all levels for achieving capability milestones.
The first upskilling initiative was launched with  
our IT team. We began by identifying and defining 
the current and future knowledge, skill, and needs 
of more than 700 associates. As a result, nearly 
150 customized learning plans were created to 
upskill these associates. “It’s Training Tuesday!”  
is being endorsed by IT leadership to establish  
the expectation that associates spend at least  
30 minutes learning every Tuesday. The upskilling 
initiative will continue to expand to other functional 
areas in 2021 and beyond.
In addition to ensuring that we are appropriately 
preparing for future business needs, performing the 
work of assessing current skills and implementing 
upskilling and reskilling programs will better position 
us to avoid costly hiring initiatives, reductions in 
force, and position eliminations. Where upskilling 
or reskilling may not be an option, Regions utilizes 
a formal process for reviewing plans for reductions 
in force and position eliminations. This procedure 
requires a business justification for the reduction 
or elimination and review by multiple departments. 
Regions also offers a severance program for 
impacted associates.Regions Edge is available to 
approximately 11,000 associates,  
with plans to expand access  
to all associates in 2022.
77
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Skills for the Future
Continuing to Value  
Instructor-Led Learning
The Regions Learning and Development team 
continues to offer high-value, instructor-led 
learning experiences that incorporate relevant 
scenarios in order to practice desired behaviors 
to meet customer needs. By using an adaptive 
approach to learning that is aligned with the 
Company’s corporate strategies, we can meet 
current learning and development objectives 
while anticipating business skills needed in 
the future. In particular, we invest in critical 
positions such as application development, 
emerging talent, business analysts, fraud 
prevention, diversity, equity and inclusion, and 
strengths-based development.
During 2020, we used a progression curriculum 
in our branch network that aligns learning 
with career paths and advancement through 
five levels of a single job family. The learning 
experience is provided online through virtual 
instructor-led courses and made more relevant 
by manager reinforcement and practice in 
experiential opportunities that assess skills 
development progress.
Leading the Regions Way
Regions’ leaders are expected to deliver 
performance outcomes through a strengths-
based, engagement-focused, performance-
oriented, and inclusive approach to managing 
talent. We believe these four management 
principles can inspire true performance growth 
for associates, teams, and the Company. Leading the Regions Way is a leader and 
manager development program created to help 
people managers understand how to evaluate 
performance by leveraging these principles. 
New tools and resources were created to support 
leaders throughout 2020, including virtual 
instructor-led and online trainings, podcasts, 
learning pathways, and toolkits—all designed 
to reinforce Regions’ Leadership Model and 
account for the new challenges leaders face. The 
curriculum encourages a balance of the roles of 
leadership—leader, manager, and coach—in the 
new virtual environment. 
Building the Best Bankers
The Build the Best Banker program is a series of 
learning solutions that prepares bankers to help 
customers make better financial decisions through 
consistent advice, guidance, and education. 
The series includes training on Regions’ digital 
capabilities, which is imperative given consumers’ 
increasing engagement in technology-driven 
transactions. We believe teaching our bankers 
to use technology well enhances the value of 
a personal, trusted relationship between the 
customer and banker. The Build the Best Banker 
learning journey equips bankers to meet customer 
needs, both today and in the future.
College and University Relationships
We work with colleges and universities to 
provide associates with additional learning and 
educational opportunities specific to their roles.These include:
 Vanderbilt University 
Through this executive development training 
program, Corporate Banking segment leaders 
participated in a six-part series focused on 
how to conduct high-quality coaching in the 
virtual environment.
 Harvard ManageMentor 
All associates are provided with access to 
ManageMentor, a premier on-demand learning 
and performance resource for leadership and 
management skill development.
In addition to direct third-party programs, 
Regions maintains a tuition reimbursement 
program. All associates are eligible for up 
to $5,000 each year in reimbursement for 
business-related undergraduate degree 
courses. In 2020, associates were reimbursed 
approximately $327,000. 
78
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
ProsperityIn This Section:
Employment and  
    Wealth Generation 80
Innovation of Better   
    Products and Services 85
Community and  
    Social Vitality87
79
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Employment and  
Wealth GenerationCompanies can and should create significant 
economic value for employees, shareholders and 
wider society through job creation and investing 
in the productive capacity of the economy.
Expanding Access  
Through Financial Inclusion 
The financial needs of the communities that Regions 
serves are as diverse as the tools required to meet 
those needs. Regions is committed to providing all 
customers — from the unbanked and underbanked 
to the very wealthy, and from small businesses to 
corporate clients — access to the preferred financial 
tools, industry-leading products, and expert advice 
and guidance we offer. Today, Regions is a model 
for the industry in offering a full range of alternative 
financial services to customers who do not have an 
account relationship with the Bank.
Regions Now Banking
Regions Now Banking helps customers 
take control of their finances and reach 
their goals using products and services 
of their choice, with the service, security, 
strength, and stability of a reputable and 
trusted financial partner such as Regions. Reaching the Unbanked  
and Underbanked
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’s 2019 
survey, “How America Banks,” found that the 
percentage of U.S. households that were unbanked 
(i.e., in which no member of the household had a bank 
or credit union account) had fallen to 5.4 percent, or 
approximately 7.1 million households, nationwide—
the lowest point since the survey began in 2009.  
In most of Regions’ footprint, however, the 
percentage of unbanked households is significantly 
higher, reaching 12.8 percent in Mississippi,  
11.4 percent in Louisiana, 8.1 percent in Tennessee, 
and 7.6 percent in Alabama.These individuals typically struggle to use mainstream 
financial products because of one or more challenges. 
They may have low- or volatile-income constraints, as 
with workers whose hours change weekly, perform 
seasonal work, or rely on service tips for the majority of 
their income. Others may have credit challenges such 
as subprime credit, thin credit, or no credit file at all.
To serve this population, Regions created Regions 
Now Banking®, an innovative way to provide 
unbanked and underbanked customers access to 
alternative financial services from a trusted financial 
institution, at a lower cost, while offering a pathway to 
becoming fully banked in the future. 
 
For millions of households, managing money means 
using cash-based alternative financial services. 
With Regions Now Banking, we offer these services 
without requiring the customer to have an existing 
account relationship with us, while still meeting the 
regulatory requirements for customer identification 
and verification. Regions Now Banking customers 
can access services such as prepaid cards, check 
cashing, money remittances, in-person bill payments, 
and money orders. In addition, Regions Now Banking 
customers can take advantage of Regions’ financial 
education and other tools. 
80
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Employment and Wealth Generation
Regions Now Banking Services
Money Remittance  
Ability to send money to 
almost anyone for pickup 
as cash at over 500,000 
Western Union locations 
worldwideRegions Now Savings  
A no-fee savings account for 
Regions Now Card customers 
that offers two different savings 
bonuses for making regular 
monthly depositsRegions Now Card®
A reloadable prepaid Visa® 
debit card that can be used for 
everyday spending and ATM 
access; the card is safe, secure, 
and has no overdraft feesFull-Service 
Check Cashing
Ability to cash any check, 
for any amount, with fees 
lower than most check- 
cashing stores
Regions Explore®  
Visa® Credit Card
A savings-secured credit 
card that allows customers 
who may not otherwise 
qualify for a credit card to 
build or rebuild their creditIn-Person Bill 
Payment  
Ability to make cash 
payments for bills such 
as utilities, consumer 
loans, and student loansMoney 
Orders
An affordable 
alternative  
to writing 
personal checks
Regions’ commitment to financial inclusion 
requires more than simply having services 
available. It is critical for Regions to build trust 
with customers who may feel intimidated by 
or suspicious of banks. Regions associates 
are trained to understand and empathize with 
the unbanked customer. As part of our needs-
based conversation process, associates explain 
to potential customers how the Regions Now 
Banking products can meet various needs, as 
well as other services that can help unbanked 
and underbanked individuals. At the same time, 
Regions Now Banking products are subject to 
rigorous internal compliance and risk oversight. 
The Regions Now Banking services bring new 
customer households that were previously 
unbanked consumers to Regions, as well as existing Bank customers from all life stages 
and customer segments.
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
Regions has waived $1.7 million in check 
cashing fees on almost 76,000 government 
stimulus checks — with more than 40 percent  
of the waivers going to Regions Now 
Banking customers.
In 2020, Regions Now Banking enrollment 
was added to our self-serve digital “join 
the bank” process. This new functionality 
has been particularly helpful during the 
pandemic, giving our customers the ability 
to enroll in our services using their mobile 
device anytime and anywhere.
81
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Employment and Wealth Generation
 Added a new Consumer Fair Lending 
Manager to assure the implementation  
of a strong and effective lending and  
service program.
 Grew staffing of Community Loan Officers  
to focus on the lending and service needs  
of our communities.
 Enhanced the internal reporting processes  
for Community Reinvestment Act (CRA)  
and Fair Lending results.
Our Mortgage team supports home ownership 
in our emerging markets by offering a variety 
of products, including affordable mortgage 
products, which seek to meet the specific 
needs of LMI borrowers. Through our own 
Affordable Mortgage suite of portfolio 
products, Regions provides these borrowers 
the opportunity to become homeowners with a 
cash investment of as little as $500, based on 
borrower eligibility, without the added cost of 
mortgage insurance.Homeownership
In spite of a pandemic and unprecedented mortgage 
volume in 2020, Regions remained committed 
to satisfying the homeownership needs of the 
communities it serves. Throughout the year, we 
sought to advise, guide, and educate concerning 
the economic benefits of homeownership, both 
individually and aggregately to the community. 
Recognizing the value that homeownership offers to 
our communities, Regions is dedicated to helping 
our customers, the unbanked and the underbanked 
achieve homeownership. 
As evidence of this pledge, Regions took the 
following actions in 2020:
 Strengthened our partnership with Regions Next 
Step and the Regions Financial Wellness team  
to provide homebuyer education virtually across 
our footprint.
 Created and implemented the Regions FirstHome 
Assist Down Payment Assistance grant program, 
offering up to $4,000 toward down payments to 
low- and moderate-income (LMI) borrowers in 
designated markets.
 Adjusted credit criteria on certain products, 
enabling more LMI borrowers to qualify  
for homeownership.
 Implemented stronger management oversight of 
mortgage sales and prospecting activities in our 
communities, ensuring appropriate outreach is 
conducted consistently.$12.3 Billion 
in home mortgage lending, 
involving more than  
40,000 loans
$788.8 Million
in loans to borrowers  
in LMI Census Tracts  
(a 57% increase over  
2019 production)
$1.2 Billion 
in loans to borrowers in 
Majority-Minority Census 
Tracts (an 80% increase  
over 2019 production)114% 
increase in mortgage 
lending origination
$938 Million
in loans to LMI borrowers  
(a 37% increase over  
2019 production)
$2.0 Billion
in loans to minority 
borrowers (a 43% increase  
over 2019 production)2020 Mortgage Lending by  
the Numbers:
82
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Employment and Wealth Generation
Small Businesses
Regions recognizes the role that small businesses 
play in supporting economic development and job 
creation, and we are committed to providing the 
tools and support, including financial education, 
that allow small businesses to grow and move 
forward. As part of the Regions360® approach 
to banking, our bankers provide small business 
customers with advice, guidance, and education 
and work to understand and uncover their needs 
in order to provide the best products and services 
to meet their financial goals. Regions’ Small 
Business products and services include business 
banking services; lending and credit opportunities; 
and tools for managing cash and assets, payroll, 
and benefits. Regions provides a variety of small 
business financing options, starting with loans as 
low as $5,000. 
Additionally, as a lender certified by the SBA, 
Regions assists its customers by providing 
federally guaranteed loans for small businesses 
through the PPP .
Regions also shows our support for small 
businesses and community cultivation through  
our investments. Within our portfolio of agency-
backed products, Regions invests in CRA-eligible 
residential and commercial mortgage-backed 
securities that help fund affordable housing in  
the United States. In 2020, Regions invested 
approximately $514.5 million in CRA-qualified 
investments. Regions also makes CRA-qualified community development investments through  
our investment in Small Business Investment 
Companies (SBICs) funds, which help finance  
small businesses. In 2020, Regions’ CRA-eligible  
fund investments resulted in the allocation of  
an additional $11 million in CRA credits.
 Inner City Capital Connections: One of the ways 
Regions supports small businesses is through our 
partnership with Inner City Capital Connections 
(ICCC). Through these programs, entrepreneurs 
in or near urban or economically underserved 
communities received business training, insights 
on management and marketing, and one-on-one 
coaching to strengthen their businesses. ICCC 
training is provided by noted business school 
professors, leaders in the fields of management 
and finance, and our bankers. Customized 
coaching is also delivered by local professionals 
whose expertise can help small-business owners 
develop strategies to reach more customers 
and, over time, create additional jobs. We have 
sponsored ICCC programs since 2014.
 Financial Wellness Seminars: Through the 
Regions Next Step Elevate program, our bankers 
conduct financial education seminars and provide 
other solutions for businesses seeking to foster 
the financial wellness of their employees, all 
at no cost to the employer. Regions’ financial 
wellness relationship managers work with small 
businesses and other employers to help their 
employees take control of their financial future, 
while encouraging their success in the workplace 
and beyond.Supporting Service  
Members and Veterans
Approximately 46 percent of all active-duty U.S. 
military personnel reside within Regions’ footprint. At 
Regions, we are committed to supporting members 
of the U.S. military and their families. We understand 
that service members face unique challenges. 
Frequent moves, active-duty requirements, overseas 
deployment—all of these can make managing 
finances more complicated. We are proud to help 
support the members of the military, veterans, 
and their families by offering specialized financial 
services, including:  
 Servicemembers Civil Relief Act benefits, 
including loans, lines of credit, and mortgages.
 Focused SBA lending.
 Veterans Affairs (VA) loans that help eligible 
veterans, active service members, and spouses 
purchase a home.
Our Service Members and Veterans Affairs Manager 
focuses on the needs of this group, whether they are a 
customer, an employee, or a member of our community.
83
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Accessibility of Banking Services
Regions provides special accommodations for 
certain Bank services, facilities, privileges, and 
products that empower customers with disabilities 
to bank independently and with ease. As a part of 
our commitment to accessibility, the Bank’s 2,000 
ATMs have speech-output and voice-instruction 
capability, with earphone jacks for privacy.
For blind customers or customers with low 
vision, we offer braille, large-print, or audio CD 
bank statements; online PDF bank statements 
for savings and checking accounts; general-
purpose reloadable debit cards in a text-to-
speech format; sight checks printed with raised 
lines; and assistance with reading, filling out, and 
completing forms. For customers who are deaf or 
hard of hearing, Regions offers the acceptance of 
telecommunication relay service calls, Teletype/
Telecommunications Device for the Deaf (TTY/
TDD) connectivity through the Regions Contact 
Center, and a sign language interpreter upon 
request in advance.
Regions’ Autism Awareness Initiative, 
launched in 2016, strives to make our facilities 
accommodating to people with autism. We work 
to raise awareness about the condition and to 
create a friendly and welcoming environment in 
our facilities. This initiative includes:
 Information for Regions branch associates 
to assist in handling certain situations and 
communicating appropriately.
 Offering sensory packs with a stress ball, 
sunglasses, and noise-canceling earbuds at 
branches to assist customers with autism who may experience sensory episodes due to noise, 
lights, and other factors.
 Designated quiet areas in branches that guests 
and loved ones accompanying them can use 
until an episode passes.
 Producing an instructional video to explain 
autism and offer suggestions to Bank 
associates about how to approach an individual 
experiencing an episode.
 Partnering with physicians at the University of 
Alabama at Birmingham and the Autism Society of 
Alabama to develop and build upon this initiative.
Regions’ Financial Education 
Strategy: Regions Next Step®
Regions Next Step is a Company-wide financial 
wellness program designed to help students, adults, 
and business professionals take strides toward 
achieving their unique financial goals. Through 
Regions Next Step programming, Regions creates 
shared value by helping associates, customers, and 
the communities we serve achieve financial wellness.
As a key component of how Regions makes life 
better, various areas of the Bank contribute to 
financial wellness programming. Regions Next  
Step serves as a unifying umbrella, connecting 
our many financial education offerings to various 
audiences. This holistic approach provides 
operational efficiencies, creating synergies, 
along with a common framework and focus for 
programming. Regions Next Step audience segments include students from kindergarten to 
college and adults at various life stages and income 
levels. Regions Next Step also provides resources for 
businesses of all sizes.
Delivering financial education with a customer-centric 
approach is what makes Regions’ approach to 
financial education unique. During 2020, we initially 
engaged our audiences through in-person seminars 
at businesses and community organizations, but as 
the circumstances necessitated, we quickly pivoted 
to virtual learning and digital programming, including 
the launch of a new Weekly Webinar Series; virtual 
seminars to replace in-person sessions; expansion 
of Regions Next Step online resources for those 
experiencing financial hardships; and more.
The accessibility of our resources to all, regardless 
of whether they are a Regions customer, reinforces 
our dedication to inspiring, motivating, and helping 
everyone during their individual financial wellness 
journey. More information on Regions Next  
Step content and tools are available at  
regions.com/nextstep .Employment and Wealth Generation
7,000
130,000 
1.8 million 
2.7 million financial education volunteer 
service hours
financial wellness workshops  
led by associates
people received financial 
education from Regions
page views of Regions digital 
financial education resources2020 Next Step Accomplishments
84
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Innovation of Better 
Products and ServicesThrough innovation, companies can and should 
contribute to the creation of better products 
and services that respond to customers’ 
changing needs and desires. This creates 
economic and social value for customers.
Focus on the Customer
Relationship banking has defined Regions throughout 
its long history. Today these relationships are the 
focus of Regions360, which is our commitment to 
put customer needs at the center of every interaction 
and shapes the way we meet the full range of 
customer needs as a team. By taking a deliberate, 
prescriptive approach to identifying customer needs, 
our bankers work as a team to bring customers our 
best: our best thinking, our best products, our best 
services and solutions. Customers benefit from 
practical solutions they need and will use, and Regions 
benefits from broadening customer relationships that 
deliver long-term quality growth. Regions360 delivers 
shared value for customers and our Company because 
we are doing what is right for our customers, based 
on their specific needs, and helping them succeed 
financially by providing competitive products in a 
transparent and trustworthy manner.Bank Your Way
In 2019, we launched Bank Your Way, a new 
approach aimed at making banking easier for our 
customers and ensuring that they know about the 
services and options available to them. Bank Your 
Way focuses on bankers educating customers 
— both new and existing — about what we 
offer digitally and showing them how to use our 
services on their mobile device, online, or at  
our ATMs.
Outlets for customers to bank their way:  
 Online and mobile web applications
 Telebanking
 In-branch banking
 ATMs 
Bank Your Way is designed to capitalize on 
opportunities that arise every day in our branches, 
using these opportunities to show customers more 
efficient and convenient ways to meet their needs. 
For example, instead of simply offering to process 
a transaction request for a customer, our bankers will show the customer options on how to handle 
those types of transactions more quickly and easily, 
such as taking the customer through the steps of 
depositing a check with the Regions Mobile App.
All branch associates are trained through our Build 
the Best Banker program to handle the full spectrum 
of customers’ needs, from opening an account 
and cashing a check, to applying for a mortgage or 
planning for retirement. Newly designed branches 
do away with teller lines and instead use private 
workstations to allow bankers to engage in more 
personal conversations with customers, including 
discussions about their financial goals and how 
Regions can help them achieve those goals.  
We also invest in video banking ATMs. Through 
these ATMs, customers throughout our footprint can 
interact with a live banker. Not only can customers 
complete more complex transactions through this 
service, but it also extends our banking hours, 
with video bankers available until 8:00 P .M. Central 
time on weekdays and 5:00 P .M. Central time on 
weekends and holidays.
85
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Innovation of Better Products and Services
Assisting Customers  
During COVID-19
To assist our customers during this difficult time, 
Regions draws from its established Customer 
Assistance Program and further relies on our 
bankers’ experience with addressing each 
customer’s specific needs in the face of natural 
disasters and market disruptions. Other COVID-19-
specific efforts to assist those impacted, each of 
which is subject to terms and conditions, include:
 Allowing penalty-free CD withdrawals.
 Waiving standard fees for excessive withdrawals 
from all savings and money market accounts.
 Deferring and granting extensions on loan 
payments with no late fees.
 Granting extensions on payment for credit card 
accounts with no late fees.
 Offering consumer mortgage payment relief for  
90 days and up to 180 days for certain loans.
 Suspending initiation of new repossessions of 
automobiles and other vehicles for 60 days.
 Suspending new residential property foreclosures 
on consumer real estate loans for 90 days.
 Providing an array of deposit account fee waivers, 
available based on customer need.
 Offering no-fee check cashing for government 
stimulus (economic impact) checks for both 
customers and non-account holders.
A New Way to Bank
Today’s customers expect to bank with us however, 
whenever and wherever they choose. This drives 
the need to provide access to traditional banking channels, including branches, ATMs, and contact 
centers, as well as non-traditional banking channels 
such as online and mobile web applications. While 
more and more customers prefer to do their routine 
banking transactions remotely through digital 
channels, many still want the option of talking to a 
banker at a branch for more complex conversations. 
Regardless of the channel, our goal is to ensure that 
every interaction exemplifies our commitment to focus 
on our customers and exceed their expectations.
Our bankers bring Regions360 to life every day by:
 Starting from a full and detailed view of 
customers’ financial needs and goals.
 Providing practical and balanced solutions to help 
meet those goals.
 Introducing team expertise by bringing in the right 
partners to help meet the full range of financial 
needs with a “one Bank, one team” approach.
 Offering financial advice, guidance, and education 
to help customers make better financial decisions.
In 2020, we introduced Regions Greenprint™—a 
simple way for customers to work with a banker 
to create, track, and meet their financial goals. 
Since Greenprint was launched, our bankers have 
completed over 800,000 custom plans for customers. 
With Regions Greenprint, customers receive:
 A full and detailed view of their financial  
needs and goals.
 A simple, personalized plan to help achieve  
those goals.
 A Financial Health Score to provide a  
benchmark and target areas for improvement.
 Financial advice, guidance, and education to  
help customers make better financial decisions.Product Lifecycle Governance
Throughout the lifecycle of any product or service 
we offer, there are guardrails to help ensure its 
soundness, quality and safety. At Regions, one  
of the primary mechanisms with respect to new  
or modified initiatives is our New Initiative Risk 
Assessment (NIRA) program. NIRA, which is 
administered by Enterprise Risk Management  
and reports to the NIRA Committee, is used to 
evaluate new, modified, and expanded products, 
services, strategic relationships, or new and/or 
innovative technology projects, as well as 
modification and/or expansion to existing 
products, services, strategic relationships,  
or technology projects.
In addition to the actual vetting of new initiatives, 
subject-matter experts in Risk Management 
support various business groups by attending 
their staff meetings and working alongside them 
on new initiatives.
Once a new, modified, or expanded initiative 
is reviewed by NIRA, it is subject to regular 
performance monitoring by business-level risk 
committees. Further, our Compliance and Internal 
Audit groups conduct regular compliance reviews 
and audits, respectively. 
86
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Community and  
Social VitalityCompanies contribute resources that can and 
should support the social fabric and vitality of 
the communities in which they operate. These 
contributions can be made directly, in the case  
of investment in communities, or indirectly.
$6.1 billion in community development
$7.7 million  donated to more  
than 130 United Way chapters in  
16 states by Regions Bank, Regions 
Foundation, and our associates$29.4 million in philanthropic 
and community giving
1.8 million  people 
received financial 
education from Regions   
37,500  hours logged by 
Regions associates to make life 
better in our communities$1.7 billion in CRA-qualified lending
$514.5 million in CRA-qualified investments *
$17.1 million in CRA-qualified contributions
$3.9 billion in small business and small  
farm lending$12.3 billion in home 
mortgage lending
$3.2 million  in support 
of local chambers of 
commerce and civic 
organizations
130,000  financial 
wellness workshops led 
by Regions associates$938 million to LMI borrowers $20.5 million in grants and 
contributions from Regions Bank  
and Regions Foundation
$8.9 million in corporate 
sponsorships from Regions Bank
 *  CRA-qualified investments include support for affordable housing developments through Low-
Income Housing Tax Credits, Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs), SBICs, 
Qualified Zone Academy Bonds, and the purchase of mortgage-backed securities. In 2020:
87
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Community and Social Vitality
Economic and Community Development
Economic prosperity through:
 Affordable housing.
 Job creation.
 Small business development.
 Homebuyer education and retention.
 Neighborhood revitalization and stabilization.
Education and Workforce Readiness 
Career prosperity through:
 Student competency and skill building.
 College and career readiness.
 Educational access and success.Shared Value Leads to Profitable  
& Sustainable Growth
Community Impact
For our communities, our investments reflect our 
mission to make life better by helping people and 
businesses prosper and thrive.
Associate Engagement
For our associates, our commitment reflects our 
values of put people first and do what is right. 
It helps strengthen our culture, build associate 
affinity with Regions and in turn increase our 
associates’ engagement.
Business Growth
For our business, our active engagement leads to 
strong local ecosystems where our Bank grows and 
thrives along with our customers and communities. 
Increasingly, we are seeing the rise of community 
engagement as a lever in business success.
Investing in Our Communities
In 2020 we continued our purpose-led and 
performance-driven focus in our community 
investment strategy. We supported programs and 
services that were intentional in achieving short-
term outcomes and long-term impact around our 
three community investment strategic priorities: Credentials and employment.
 Educator training and resources.
Financial Wellness
Financial prosperity through:
 Financial education to youth, adults, and 
vulnerable populations.
 Financial planning tools and resources.
 Integrated asset-building.
Please see our Community Engagement Report  
for stories highlighting these priorities, available at  
www.regions.com/communityengagement .
Community Engagement Drives Customer Engagement and Loyalty
As customers look to engage or remain with a bank, that bank’s demonstrated 
level of corporate social responsibility has roughly equal impact on the 
customer’s decision as both core product and service satisfaction and 
perceptions of the bank’s ability to improve their financial well-being.Source: Gallup survey of nearly 250,000 Regions branch customers conducted in 2019.90%of branch customers who 
strongly agree that “Regions 
makes a positive impact on your community” 
are loyal to Regions.
And the loyalty penalty is high when customers 
are unable to see Regions contributing locally.
Source: 2018 Gallup U.S. Retail Banking Industry Study.IMPACT ON
CUSTOMER
ENGAGEMENTProduct and  
Service  
Satisfaction
Corporate Social 
ResponsibilityFinancial Well-BeingOther23%
29%
24%
24%
88
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Community and Social Vitality
Inclusive Community Development Award in 
recognition of the innovative collaboration and 
impact of the partnership. 
Regions provided funding to the Indiana School 
for the Blind and Visually Impaired to support their 
assistive technology initiative that addressed their 
students’ ability to participate in virtual learning 
during the pandemic, which will reduce the digital 
divide into the future. 
We continue to provide financial support and 
volunteers to organizations across our footprint 
that provide services such as job readiness and 
employment to individuals with a disability.
Supporting Veterans  
in the Community
Regions also seeks to serve members of the 
U.S. military, veterans, and their families through 
targeted financial guidance and education. 
Regions’ Service Members and Veterans Affairs 
Manager understands their unique needs and 
seeks ways to help them manage their finances.
This includes providing financial support, job 
readiness training, and opportunities to cultivate 
entrepreneurial activities for community 
organizations such as:
 Heroes First Foundation in Georgia
 Veterans Business Initiative of the  
Florida Disability and Inclusion Network
 Veterans Bridge Home
 University of West Florida’s  
CyberSuccess Program
In addition, Regions, in collaboration with the 
Association of Military Banks of America, has 
an agreement with the U.S. Veterans Benefit 
Administration to provide banking and financial 
services to VA beneficiaries. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  
Community Outreach
Our commitment to DEI is reinforced through 
ongoing efforts to reflect, anticipate, and adapt to the 
changing demographics of the communities where we 
live and work. We partner with local, state, and 
national organizations to provide financial education 
and community development technical assistance 
to diverse communities. These organizations 
include HBCUs and the National Urban League 
and its affiliates. The strength of these collaborations 
provides a positive impact with financial wellness, 
workforce development, community revitalization, 
and small business development.
Supporting People With Disabilities
We advocate for people with disabilities through 
accessible banking solutions and investments 
that help our communities overcome financial 
barriers. Regions’ Disability Services and Outreach 
Manager maintains relationships with advocates 
for accessibility to stay abreast of their concerns; 
they also collaborate with internal Regions 
partners. We provide governance and leadership 
support to organizations such as Disability Rights 
and Resources (Alabama), Paraquad (Missouri), 
Arts4All (Florida), and Canopy (Mississippi).
Regions celebrated the 30th anniversary of the 
ADA throughout the year. The Regions Foundation 
enabled a partnership between Paraquad and 
LaunchCode (Missouri) to provide workforce 
development training for individuals with a 
disability. This work received the First Annual In 2022, Birmingham, Alabama, will 
host the World Games 2022. The 11-
day international multi sport event will 
have positive social, environmental, and 
economic impacts on the community 
where our corporate headquarters are 
located. To aid in these efforts, several 
Regions associates are volunteering with 
the Games, including the event’s CFO.
89
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Community and Social Vitality
•  Enabling technology and digital delivery of  
community programs and services.
•  Increasing capacity of community 
organizations so they could maintain   
their services.
•  Matching one-to-one our associates’  
COVID-19 relief donations of $240,000,  
helping 83 United Way agencies and  
community foundations across our footprint.
 We helped alleviate food insecurity by donating 
over $2 million in advertising time to encourage 
giving to local food banks, and the Corporate 
Dining team prepared over 5,600 meals that 
were provided to individuals in need.
 Our Corporate Real Estate and Facilities divisions 
supported the health and safety of the Greater 
Birmingham area by donating hand sanitizing 
supplies to schools and nonprofit organizations.Regions Foundation
The Regions Foundation continued to promote 
inclusive prosperity by investing in initiatives aimed  
at reducing barriers to economic success. In 2020, 
the Foundation:
 Disbursed more than $6.6 million to community 
organizations across Regions’ footprint, which 
includes non-traditional philanthropy through 
Program-Related Investments designed to enable 
recycling of philanthropic capital.
 Received a $10 million donation from Regions 
Bank, bringing the Foundation’s portfolio balance 
to approximately $125 million as of year-end 2020.
Regions Community  
Development Corporation
In 2020, we established and funded the RCDC. 
A wholly-owned subsidiary of Regions Bank, the 
mission of the RCDC is to make life better by 
providing debt and/or equity financing for projects 
and entities with a community development purpose. 
The RCDC will:
 Provide project financing for new construction  
and rehabilitation.
 Provide greater flexibility in pricing and structure 
than traditional bank lending.
 Make responsible, strategic-impact  
equity investments.
 Become a leader in supporting CDFIs in the 
Regions footprint.Promoting Racial Equality  
and Economic Empowerment  
in Our Communities
We recognize that not everyone has shared 
equally in the economic prosperity of our nation. In 
response, Regions Bank and the Regions Foundation 
announced a two-year, $12 million commitment to 
advance programs and initiatives that promote racial 
equity and economic empowerment for communities 
of color specifically focused on:
 Advancing minority business development.
 Increasing minority homeownership.
 Reducing the digital divide in  
underserved communities.
 Promoting racial understanding.
Community Support During the 
COVID-19 Pandemic
The Regions Foundation came together with Regions 
Bank and our associates to respond to the pandemic 
and support our communities in need.
 We contributed $5.3 million in COVID-19 relief and 
recovery funding, supporting over  
340 organizations in 16 states by:
•  Supporting Community Development  
Financial Institutions (CDFIs), business  
chambers, and local economic development  
organizations to provide capital and technical  
support to small businesses.
90
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
ESG Policies  
and Statements Form 10-K
Proxy StatementThis Appendix is prepared according to Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) standard reporting 
guidelines. While most information is found 
within this Appendix, some is available through 
external sources. Throughout the GRI Content 
Index, the icons to the right indicate where to 
find external documents and links, as grouped 
by the following categories:GRI Content IndexAPPENDIX
2020 Community Engagement Report
2020 Government Affairs Annual Report
2020 TCFD Report
2021 CDP Climate Change 
Questionnaire Response
2020 Greenhouse Gas Inventory 
Assurance and Verification StatementHuman Rights Statement
Online Privacy Notice
Privacy Pledge
Supplier Code of Conduct
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
Current Reports  
and Disclosures
91
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
Corporate  
Governance  
Documents
Audit Committee Charter
Compensation and Human Resources  
Committee Charter
Nominating and Corporate Governance   
Committee Charter  
Risk Committee Charter
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Corporate Governance Principles 
Regions Financial Corporation By-Laws
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
101: Foundation
101: [GRI 101 does not include any disclosures]
102: General Disclosures
Organizational Profile
102-1 Name of the organization Regions Financial Corporation
102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Regions at a Glance; 2020 Performance Dashboar d
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business
102-3 Location of headquarters Birmingham, Alabama
102-4 Location of operations 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Regions at a Glance; 2020 Performance Dashboar d
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business
102-5 Ownership and legal form 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business
102-6 Markets served 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Regions at a Glance; 2020 Performance Dashboar d
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business 
102-7 Scale of the organization 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Regions at a Glance; 2020 Performance Dashboar d
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business
102-8 Information on employees and other workers 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business
102-9 Supply chain 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its  
supply chain2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Market For Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer 
Purchases of Equity Securities; Management’s Discussion & Analysis
102-12 External initiatives 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Community Engagement Report
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Doing More Today website
102-13 Membership of associations 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Government Affairs Annual ReportGRI UNIVERSAL STANDARDS
92
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Strategy
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Business
102-15 Key Impacts, risks, and opportunities 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – throughout
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Risk Factors; Management’s Discussion & Analysis
Ethics and Integrity
102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – throughout
2021 Proxy Statement – Letter from the Chair of the Board; Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Doing More Today website
102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Governance
102-18 Governance structure 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Principles
www.ir.regions.com/governance
102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, 
environmental, and social topics2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2020 TCFD Report – Governance
102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, 
and social topics2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 TCFD Report – Strategy
102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its 
committees2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Principles
Audit Committee Charter
NCG Committee Charter
CHR Committee Charter
Risk Committee Charter
102-23 Chair of the highest governance body 2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Principles
93
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Governance (continued)
102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body Regions Financial Corporation By-Laws
2021 Proxy Statement – Proposal 1; Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Principles
NCG Committee Charter
102-25 Conflicts of interest 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Ownership of Regions Common Stock
Corporate Governance Principles
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, 
values, and strategy2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Principles
102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Proposal 1; Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Principles
102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Principles
102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, 
and social impacts2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 TCFD Report – Governance
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 TCFD Report – Governance
102-32 Highest governance body’s role in  
sustainability reporting2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 TCFD Report – Governance
NCG Committee Charter
Audit Committee Charter
102-33 Communicating critical concerns 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
102-34 Nature and total number of critical concerns 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Risk Factors; Note 24 – Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
94
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Governance (continued)
102-35 Remuneration policies 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary; Compensation Discussion & Analysis; Compensation of Executive Officers
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Executive Compensation; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and 
Management and Related Shareholder Matters
102-36 Process for determining remuneration 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary; Proposal 1; Proposal 3; Ownership of Regions Common Stock; Compensation 
Discussion & Analysis; Compensation of Executive Officers
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Executive Compensation; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and 
Management and Related Shareholder Matters
102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Proposal 3; Compensation Discussion & Analysis
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related  
Shareholder Matters
102-38 Annual total compensation ratio 2021 Proxy Statement – Compensation of Executive Officers
102-39 Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio 2021 Proxy Statement – Compensation of Executive Officers
Stakeholder Engagement
102-40 List of stakeholder groups 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 Government Affairs Annual Report
102-41 Collective bargaining agreements Regions associates are not subject to collective bargaining agreements.
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 Government Affairs Annual Report
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – throughout
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – throughout
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Reporting Practice
102-45 Entities included in the consolidated  
financial statements2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Exhibit 21, Regions Financial Corporation Subsidiaries at December 31, 2020
102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries The 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report’s content and topic boundaries were defined based on Regions’ strategy, operations, 
and business, stakeholder feedback, industry and economic observations, peer analysis, and various ESG disclosur e standards 
and frameworks.
102-48 Restatements of information Regions Financial Corporation has not been required to file any financial restatements since the publication of the 2019 Annual 
Review & ESG Report.
102-49 Changes in reporting This year’s report has been updated to reflect changes we observed while determining the report’s content and topic boundaries 
(see GRI 102-46 above). We have also restructured the report to align with the Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics’ pillars and themes 
developed by the World Economic Forum’s International Business Council.
95
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Reporting Practice (continued)
102-50 Reporting period January 1, 2020 – December 31, 2020 (unless otherwise stated).
102-51 Date of most recent report August 23, 2021
102-52 Reporting cycle Annual
102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report Andrew Nix, Chief Governance Officer
Email: governance@regions.com
Phone: 1-800-REGIONS (734-4667)
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the  
GRI StandardsThe 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report references the GRI Standards, and we issue this GRI Content Index as a stand-alone 
disclosure as well as an appendix to our 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report. It is provided on ir.regions.com/governance , along 
with our other ESG disclosures, and on our ESG Resource Center.
102-55 GRI content index 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – GRI Content Index
102-56 External assurance The greenhouse gas emissions discussed in the Planet section of the 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report were verified by an 
independent third party. This 2020 Greenhouse Gas Inventory Assurance and Declaration Statement is publicly available at 
ir.regions.com/governance  and on our ESG Resource Center.
96
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Economic Performance
201 Economic Performance
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Business
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 
due to climate change2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Forward-Looking Statements; Risk Factors
2020 TCFD Report – throughout
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other  
retirement plans2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Proposal 1; Environmental & Social Practices; Compensation Discussion & Analysis; Compensation of 
Executive Officers
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Management’s Discussion & Analysis; Financial Statements and Supplementary Data;  
Note 18 – Employee Benefit Plans
201-4 Financial assistance received from government Regions did not receive financial assistance from any government besides the United States during the applicable reporting period. 
No government entities own shares in the Company at this time. 
Regions discusses its tax credit investments in the 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K, specifically in the Business, Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 2 – Variable Interest Entities, and Note 20 – Income Taxes sections of that filing.
Indirect Economic Impacts
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Community Engagement Report
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Community Engagement Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Community Engagement Report
203 Indirect Economic Impacts
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Community Engagement Report
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Community Engagement ReportGRI ECONOMIC STANDARDS
97
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Procurement Practices
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
204 Procurement Practices
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Anti-corruption
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
205 Anti-corruption 
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption 
policies and procedures2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Material events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees footnote to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in conformance with our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics and 
applicable laws and regulations.
98
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Anti-competitive Behavior
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
206  Anti-competitive Behavior 
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, 
and monopoly practicesMaterial events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees footnote to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Tax
207 Tax 
207-1 Approach to tax 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Management’s Discussion & Analysis; Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies; 
Note 2 – Variable Interest Entities; Note 20 – Income Taxes
207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk management 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Management’s Discussion & Analysis; Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies; 
Note 2 – Variable Interest Entities; Note 20 – Income Taxes
207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of 
concerns related to tax2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Management’s Discussion & Analysis; Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies; 
Note 2 – Variable Interest Entities; Note 20 – Income Taxes
99
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Materials
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Governance; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Governance; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
301 Materials 
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
301-2 Recycled input materials used 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire ResponseGRI ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS
100
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Energy
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Governance; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Governance; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
302 Energy 
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2020 TCFD Report – Strategy; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2020 TCFD Report – Strategy; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
302-3 Energy intensity 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2020 TCFD Report – Strategy; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Strategy; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products  
and services2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Strategy; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
101
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Emissions
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
2020 Greenhouse Gas Inventory Assurance and Verification Statement
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Governance; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Governance; Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
305 Emissions 
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
2020 Greenhouse Gas Inventory Assurance and Verification Statement
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
2020 Greenhouse Gas Inventory Assurance and Verification Statement
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
2020 Greenhouse Gas Inventory Assurance and Verification Statement
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
102
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Waste
306 Waste 
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
306-3 Waste generated 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Planet
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 TCFD Report – Metrics & Targets
2021 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire Response
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
Environmental Compliance
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 TCFD Report – Risk Management
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 TCFD Report – Governance; Risk Management
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
2020 TCFD Report – Governance; Risk Management
Environmental Sustainability Policy Statement
307 Environmental Compliance 
307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws  
and regulationsSince the issuance of our last report, Regions has not been assessed any fines for non-compliance with environmental laws and 
regulations that had a material adverse effect on our operations.
103
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Supplier Environmental Assessment
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
Supplier Code of Conduct
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2020 TCFD Report – Risk Management
Supplier Code of Conduct
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2020 TCFD Report – Risk Management
Supplier Code of Conduct
308 Supplier Environmental Assessment 
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using  
environmental criteria2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2020 TCFD Report – Risk Management
Supplier Code of Conduct
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain 
and actions taken2020 TCFD Report – Risk Management
Supplier Code of Conduct
104
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Employment
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Compensation Discussion & Analysis
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Compensation Discussion & Analysis
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Compensation Discussion & Analysis
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
401 Employment 
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report - People
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 
provided to temporary or part-time employees2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
401-3 Parental leave 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & EthicsGRI SOCIAL STANDARDS
105
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Labor/Management Relations
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
2020 Government Affairs Annual Report
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
2020 Government Affairs Annual Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
2020 Government Affairs Annual Report
402 Labor/Management Relations 
402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes Regions follows all applicable state and federal employment requirements, including those found in the federal Worker 
Adjustment and Training Notification (WARN) Act. 
Regions associates are not subject to collective bargaining agreements.
106
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Occupational Health and Safety
403 Occupational Health and Safety 
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and  
incident identification2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
403-3 Occupational health services 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication 
on occupational health and safety2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Compensation Discussion & Analysis
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
403-6 Promotion of worker health 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Compensation Discussion & Analysis
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
403-10 Work-related ill health 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Compensation Discussion & Analysis
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
107
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Training and Education
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
404 Training and Education
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 
assistance programs2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
108
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary; Proposal 1; Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Compensation 
Discussion & Analysis
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business 
Corporate Governance Principles
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary; Proposal 1; Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Compensation 
Discussion & Analysis
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business 
Corporate Governance Principles
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary; Proposal 1; Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Compensation 
Discussion & Analysis
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business 
Corporate Governance Principles
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity 
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary; Proposal 1; Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Compensation 
Discussion & Analysis
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business 
109
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Non-discrimination
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary; Proposal 1; Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Compensation 
Discussion & Analysis
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business 
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary; Proposal 1; Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Compensation 
Discussion & Analysis
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business 
Corporate Governance Principles
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Proxy Summary; Proposal 1; Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance; Compensation 
Discussion & Analysis
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business 
Corporate Governance Principles
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
406 Non-discrimination 
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Material events are disclosed in the Communities, Contingencies, and Guarantees footnote to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in conformance with our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics and 
applicable laws and regulations.
110
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Regions associates are not subject to collective bargaining agreements. Our approach to associates in the workplace is 
discussed in our 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report (People); our 2021 Pr oxy Statement (Environmental & Social Practices);  
and our Human Rights Statement.
On suppliers, see the People section of the 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report and our Supplier Code of Conduct.
103-2 The management approach and its components Regions associates are not subject to collective bargaining agreements. Our approach to associates in the workplace is 
discussed in our 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report (People); our 2021 Pr oxy Statement (Environmental & Social Practices);  
and our Human Rights Statement.
On suppliers, see the People section of the 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report and our Supplier Code of Conduct.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Regions associates are not subject to collective bargaining agreements. Our approach to associates in the workplace is 
discussed in our 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report (People); our 2021 Pr oxy Statement (Environmental & Social Practices);  
and our Human Rights Statement.
On suppliers, see the People section of the 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report and our Supplier Code of Conduct.
407 Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom 
of association and collective bargaining may be at riskRegions associates are not subject to collective bargaining agreements. Our approach to associates in the workplace is 
discussed in our 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report (People); our 2021 Pr oxy Statement (Environmental & Social Practices);  
and our Human Rights Statement.
On suppliers, see the People section of the 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report and our Supplier Code of Conduct.
Child Labor
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
408 Child Labor 
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents 
of child laborNone are known at this time. For more information, please see our Human Rights Statement and Supplier Code of Conduct.
111
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Forced or Compulsory Labor 
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
409 Forced or Compulsory Labor
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents 
of forced or compulsory laborNone are known at this time. For more information, please see our Human Rights Statement and Supplier Code of Conduct.
Security Practices
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
410 Security Practices 
410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies  
or procedures2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
112
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Human Rights Assessment
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
412 Human Rights Assessment 
412-1 Operations that have been subject to human rights 
reviews or impact assessments2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
412-2 Employee training on human rights policies  
and procedures2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that 
include human rights clauses or that underwent human 
rights screeningSee, generally, Supplier Code of Conduct
113
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Local Communities
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Community Engagement Report
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
Doing More Today website
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Community Engagement Report
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
Doing More Today website
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Community Engagement Report
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
Doing More Today website
413 Local Communities 
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact 
assessments, and development programs2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Community Engagement Report
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
Doing More Today website
413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential 
negative impacts on local communities2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Forward-Looking Statements; Risk Factors
114
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Supplier Social Assessment
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct 
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
414 Supplier Social Assessment 
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and  
actions takenSee, generally, Supplier Code of Conduct
115
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Public Policy
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Government Affairs Annual Report
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Government Affairs Annual Report
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Government Affairs Annual Report
415 Public Policy
415-1 Political contributions 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
2020 Government Affairs Annual Report
Customer Health and Safety
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
416 Customer Health and Safety 
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 
product and service categories2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; People; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices; Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 
safety impacts of products and servicesMaterial events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees footnote to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in conformance with our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics and 
applicable laws and regulations.
116
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Marketing and Labeling
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
417 Marketing and Labeling
417-1 Requirements for product and service information  
and labeling2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance; Prosperity
2021 Proxy Statement – Environmental & Social Practices
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Human Rights Statement
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and 
service information and labelingMaterial events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees footnote to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in conformance with our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics and 
applicable laws and regulations.
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning  
marketing communicationsMaterial events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees footnote to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in conformance with our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics and 
applicable laws and regulations.
117
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Customer Privacy
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Privacy Pledge
Online Privacy Notice
2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
103-2 The management approach and its components Privacy Pledge
Online Privacy Notice
2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Privacy Pledge
Online Privacy Notice
2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Business
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 
418 Customer Privacy
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 
customer privacy and losses of customer dataMaterial events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees footnote to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in conformance with our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics and 
applicable laws and regulations.
118
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
GRI 
Standard 
(2016)Disclosure URL/Response
Socioeconomic Compliance
103 Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Risk Factors
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Corporate Governance Principles
103-2 The management approach and its components 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Risk Factors
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Corporate Governance Principles
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2020 Annual Review & ESG Report – Principles of Governance
2021 Proxy Statement – Corporate Governance
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K – Risk Factors
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Corporate Governance Principles
419 Socioeconomic Compliance 
419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social 
and economic areaMaterial events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees footnote to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in conformance with our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics and 
applicable laws and regulations.
119
Regions 2020 Annual  
Review & ESG Report Prosperity AppendixPrinciples of 
Governance Planet People Business Introduction
1900 5th Ave N, Birmingham, AL 35203  |  regions.com