2021 ESG REPORT
ENVIRONMENTAL   ■  SOCIAL   ■  GOVERNANCE

TABLE OF CONTENTS
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   012  CEO LETTER
3  ABOUT THIS REPORT
4 ESG STRATEGY
5  Roper Business Overview
6  Approach to ESG
7   Stakeholder Engagement
8   ESG Material Aspects
9  Our ESG Roadmap
10 OUR PEOPLE
12  Culture & Employee Engagement
13   Training and Education
14   Talent Development
15  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
15   Diverse Hiring and Inclusive Work Environments
17   DEI Training and Education
18  Health, Safety and Wellness20 IMPACTS AND ACCOUNTABILITY
21  Community
22   Supporting Communities During COVID-19
24  Environment
25   Energy and Emissions
26   Customer Environmental Impact
27 ESG GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS
28  Roper Operating Model
30  Ethics and Compliance
30  Human Rights
31   Suppliers and Business Partners
32  Data Privacy and Cybersecurity
33  Business Continuity
34 OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT THIS REPORT
35 APPENDIX
35  Roper Operating Businesses
39  SASB Index
LETTER FROM THE CEO
Roper weathered the COVID-19 pandemic well. Our businesses took 
the necessary steps to protect our employees and keep our businesses 
running amid unprecedented challenges. I am proud of the discipline 
and tenacity our team showed, and I am more confident than ever in 
our team’s ability to execute their strategic and operating plans.
However, the upheaval we all experienced inspired some introspection 
regarding the role our company plays in the world. We would be 
remiss if we did not acknowledge that our responsibility to our over 
19,000 employees, customers and shareholders extends beyond just 
economic performance. It also includes our Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) performance. 
The first step in understanding and disclosing our ESG performance 
was to prioritize which issues were most important. Understanding 
where we have the greatest impacts, which topics our stakeholders care 
most about and how these issues drive long-term value creation will 
help us focus our efforts in areas that really matter and clearly execute 
against our strategy. 
In this inaugural Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) report, 
we are providing an overview of these issues. We are disclosing 
data regarding our performance in these areas, highlighting some 
of the impactful activities already in place in our 40+ companies and 
identifying where we aspire to improve. 
Although Roper’s operating and governance structure is highly 
decentralized, our goal is to provide an environment and governance system that enables each business to get even better over time. This 
now includes not just financial performance, but our performance in 
other areas such as climate change, cybersecurity and data privacy, 
human rights and diversity, equity and inclusion. Each of our business 
leaders has latitude to develop and implement programs to drive 
performance improvements in these areas, and our commitment is to 
be transparent about our progress.
I am proud to be a signatory to the Business Roundtable’s Statement on 
the Purpose of a Corporation declaring that companies should serve not 
only their shareholders, but also deliver value to their customers, invest 
in employees, deal fairly with suppliers and support the communities 
in which they operate. As an example of our commitment to these 
principles, Roper is a founding member of the OneTen Coalition.  
OneTen is an organization that plans to combine the power of over 
50 committed American companies to hire, promote and advance 
one million Black individuals who do not have a four-year degree into 
family-sustaining careers over the next 10 years. I am honored to serve 
on OneTen’s Board of Directors.
This is the very beginning of our ESG journey. We know we have work 
to do, but we are confident in our ability to drive progress and live up 
to the expectations of all our stakeholders. We are self-interested in this 
journey as better ESG performance will enable us to compete more 
effectively, both for talent and customers. Thank you for joining us on 
this journey and we look forward to your continued engagement.
Dear Stakeholders, 
This past year was remarkable on many fronts, set against a backdrop of a global pandemic, geopolitical uncertainties 
and risks, social unrest and political turmoil. Despite this, we had a strong year of execution with ongoing momentum for 
our enterprise. Our businesses demonstrated incredible resiliency — a hallmark of our operating model and culture. 
Neil Hunn
President and Chief Executive Officer
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   02
ABOUT THIS REPORT
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   03Roper Technologies, Inc.’s (Roper) inaugural Environmental, 
Social and Governance Report presents a summary of our 
latest ESG efforts, our understanding of ESG material topics 
and our strategy to make a positive impact in each of these 
areas. We build upon prior ESG communications in this 
formalized report, aligned with the SASB Software & IT Services Standard, to more strategically and 
transparently disclose our ESG standing. Please refer to the appendix for the SASB Index. 
This report covers January 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021, and conveys not only the Roper 
corporate perspective, but highlights the ESG efforts of our operating businesses. 
Operating businesses 100% owned by Roper throughout the reporting timeframe are within the 
scope of this report, unless otherwise specified. Refer to the appendix for an overview of our 
operating businesses as well as any disclaimers around reporting scope.
PERCENTAGE OF PEOPLE BY REGION:
Roper is a component of the S&P 500, Fortune 500 and Russell 1000 Indices and trades on 
the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ROP.
At Roper, we have approximately 70 employees at our 
headquarters in Sarasota, Florida, serving over 19,000 
employees in our businesses around the globe.1 
 19,300  EMPLOYEES WORLDWIDE
 70   EMPLOYEES AT OUR HEADQUARTERSU.S. 
61.3%CANADA 
4.1%ASIA 
17.2%
(INCLUDING NZ AND AUS)EUROPE 
16.9%MIDDLE EAST 
0.3%
1  As of December 31, 2021, we employed approximately 19,300 people worldwide on a consolidated basis, of which approximately 
12,300 were employed in the United States and approximately 7,000 were outside of the United States. Approximately 2,200 of 
these employees are employed by Zetec and TransCore, which have been divested in 2022.SARASOTA, FLORIDA
ESG STRATEGY
Our strategic, collaborative approach to identifying and addressing our most  
impactful ESG areas has enabled us to make significant progress over the last year  
in better understanding how we, together with our operating businesses, can make 
the most significant, positive impact while enhancing our competitive position. 
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   04
Roper Business Overview
As a diversified technology company, Roper operates 40+ businesses that design and develop software 
and engineered products and solutions for a variety of niche end markets. Our businesses operate 
across four business segments: Application Software, Network Software & Systems, Measurement 
& Analytical Solutions and Process Technologies. See the appendix for more information on our 
operating businesses.
Our strength is in the long-term compounding and successful conversion of end-market potential 
into profitable growth and cash flow to create value for our investors. However, we also seek to create 
value for all our stakeholders across all relevant ESG aspects. We understand that prioritizing ESG 
aspects for Roper and for each business will differ from one to the next, and we took this into careful 
consideration as we embarked on the development and deployment of our Roper-wide ESG strategy. 
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   05ESG STRATEGY (CONTINUED)
 APPLICATION SOFTWARE
 NETWORK SOFTWARE & SYSTEMS
 MEASUREMENT & ANALYTICAL SOLUTIONS
 PROCESS TECHNOLOGIESBUSINESS SEGMENTS:

Approach to ESG
In developing our Roper ESG strategy, our priority was to ensure alignment with existing 
Roper operating principles. Our method of governance and leadership recognizes the 
diversity of our businesses and allows and encourages their respective strengths and areas 
of opportunity to develop organically. 
We first needed to understand Roper’s position in the ESG landscape. We engaged a third-
party sustainability consultant to assist in the development of an ESG Roadmap with our 
newly appointed Chief ESG Officer and ESG Senior Manager to enhance our strategic 
positioning. Through comprehensive benchmarking, stakeholder engagement and a 
materiality assessment, we were able to define Roper’s inaugural ESG position. 
This baseline understanding then enabled us to initiate engagement with our businesses 
on the topic of ESG. Throughout this process, we sought to maintain our unique operational 
approach and allowed our businesses to operate under our decentralized governance 
structure while we provided support and assistance on ESG matters. Although we are at the 
beginning of our effort to implement an enterprise-wide ESG program, given how our 40+ 
businesses responded to the challenge, we are confident in our ability to continue to drive 
improvement in the future.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   06Our businesses make up who we are at Roper, and they each 
contribute to our Roper ESG program. This year, our spotlight 
ESG business is Deltek. Deltek is a leading global provider of 
enterprise software and information solutions for project-based 
businesses, employing over 3,000 people in more than a dozen 
countries. Deltek provides an excellent example of how one 
of our businesses approaches ESG from a holistic viewpoint, 
incorporating the various topics into the business’s overall values 
and culture.
SPOTLIGHT ONESG STRATEGY (CONTINUED)
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   07ESG STRATEGY (CONTINUED)
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
As demand increases for companies to further act on ESG issues, we must first understand 
which stakeholders are being impacted. Roper’s key stakeholders include its employees, 
customers, investors and business partners. 
Our employees desire to work for a company that incorporates ESG into its business strategy, 
and addressing climate change and social justice issues is particularly important to our 
workforce. To understand these viewpoints, we conducted interviews and surveys with our 
operating business personnel and Roper management to gather their thoughts on Roper’s 
and our businesses’ approach to ESG. 
Our customers are increasingly requesting information related to how our businesses are 
addressing ESG topics. These requests inform our ESG focus areas and make clear how 
important our ESG efforts are to ensuring customer retention. We regularly engage with our 
customers at the business level when providing products and services, which allowed us to 
gather a deeper understanding of their needs. 
Our investors look to build portfolios consisting of companies with strong ESG programs 
in place and expect these programs to be continually improved. We engaged directly with 
our investors in one-on-one interviews and through our various shareholder engagement 
programs to align with their Roper ESG evaluations and expectations. 
Our business partners are vast and diverse. From suppliers to value chain partners to software 
providers, we understand that ESG impacts extend beyond our collective four walls, and 
thus, our ESG programs must also extend beyond those boundaries. Engagement with our 
business partners occurs at the operating business level and helps us to not only understand 
their ESG priorities but provides us the opportunity to share ours as well. 

Most impactful ESG topics to address stakeholder interests and create long-term value:
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
CULTURE AND EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT ENERGY AND EMISSIONS
CUSTOMER ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE
DATA PRIVACY AND CYBERSECURITY HUMAN RIGHTSESG STRATEGY (CONTINUED)
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   08ESG MATERIAL ASPECTS
To further focus our ESG strategy on the ESG topics that are not only of greatest concern to our stakeholders, but also impact our company’s long-
term value creation, we applied a lens of materiality. We developed our priorities by referencing benchmarking analyses, investor and management 
interview insights, policy gap analyses, and engagement with our businesses. 
Our list of material ESG topics will guide us in enhancing the transparency of our ESG disclosures across our businesses. We will also be able to better 
meet the increasing investor interest in ESG data and information, allowing us to enhance our status as a superior long-term investment. 
Our ESG Roadmap
This year, together with our businesses, we drafted the foundation of the Roper ESG program 
in alignment with our operational strategy. We developed an ESG Roadmap to help us 
understand our priorities, engage our businesses and articulate our next steps in building our 
program. Many of our businesses have undertaken significant steps to address ESG-related 
topics, and others are in the beginning stages of their ESG journey. All our businesses were 
enthusiastically in support of the holistic effort to demonstrate how Roper and its businesses 
are addressing these critical issues.
Given the highly decentralized operating model of our company, and the diversity in size 
and industry of our 40+ operating businesses, we envision accelerating our progress by 
further empowering each of our businesses to focus on the unique needs of their respective 
stakeholders by providing a common structure for strategic and collaborative development 
and sharing.
To support continued progress along our ESG Roadmap, the role of ESG coordinator was 
implemented at each of our 40+ Roper businesses. The coordinators will serve an essential 
role as we sustain the momentum generated during the first year of our collective ESG effort.
The ESG Road Ahead. In 2022, we plan to:
 •  Further our engagement with stakeholders
 •  Enhance and expand data collection efforts
 •  Assess appropriate goals and targets
 •  Assist operating businesses with their individual ESG effortsESG STRATEGY (CONTINUED)
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   09
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   10
 OUR PEOPLE
Without an engaged and quality team, our continued value-creating 
performance would not be possible. The employees at each of our 
businesses are key to the success of Roper as a whole and embody 
the Roper Core Four—our core value behaviors. 

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   11OUR PEOPLE (CONTINUED)
SPOTLIGHT ON
Deltek is proud to be recognized for its product innovation, customer support 
programs and employee culture and has received over 80 awards, including  
being named among the 2021 Top Workplaces by The Washington Post. This 
is the fifth year Deltek has been recognized, ranking #12 among the Top Large 
Companies in the D.C. area. Deltek has also been named one of America’s 
Best Midsized Employers by Forbes for 2022, and, in 2021, Deltek’s office in 
Makati, Philippines was named one of Asia’s Best Employer Brands for the ninth 
time since 2012. The awards, organized by World HRD Congress, recognize 
companies across Asia that promote strong employer brands, create exceptional 
human resources practices and employee engagement strategies and cultivate 
competencies to enable future-ready organizations. At Roper, we seek to create an environment in which our employees are valued, supported 
and empowered. Our businesses build inclusive work cultures and encourage engagement 
beyond standard job tasks. Numerous diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) programs are 
implemented throughout our businesses, along with various trainings and educational 
opportunities. And the health, safety and well-being of all employees remains a top priority 
as we reflect on the years past and plan for the future. 
The employees at our corporate office are guided by the "Roper Core Four," which 
represents our values on how we interact with each other, our businesses and those outside 
the organization. 
“We’re honored to be named one of Waterloo [Ontario, Canada] area’s 
Top Employers for 2021. In our 39 years as a company, our employees  
have always come first. Throughout those years, we’ve experienced 
incredible changes to our technology, our industry and the Waterloo community. But the 
company’s commitment to our employees—and their commitment to NDI—have remained 
constant. Our employees are the core of NDI’s success, and I’m grateful and awed by the 
creativity, talent and passion for excellence they bring to work every day.” 
David Rath, President of NDIOWN IT
We approach our work like owners. 
We hold ourselves accountable  
and are driven to deliver excellent 
results for the enterprise.KEEP IT SIMPLE
We prevent the complex from 
creeping in. We make good  
choices and focus on what is  
most important.
BE HUMBLE
We roll up our sleeves. We are 
genuine, putting others first  
and value mutual respect in  
all our interactions.BE A SOLVER
We break through. We  
continuously learn, leverage  
our intellect and apply data  
to solve problems.
Culture & Employee Engagement
Company culture and employee engagement are significant contributing factors to the  
success of an organization. In the decentralized Roper operating model, we enable our 
businesses to build their culture and engagement programs to best fit their own needs. 
We support our 40+ businesses by providing them with shared engagement resources 
and active coaching. We also facilitate engagement across our businesses to communicate 
best practices and build collaborative programs. The engagement efforts of our individual 
businesses are reviewed by our operating Group Vice Presidents and other senior leaders at 
least twice a year. 
In early 2021, we initiated a program to measure engagement among the 70 employees at 
our corporate office. We also initiated biannual talent reviews for each corporate department, 
during which leaders discuss their engagement results and actions to improve, as well as 
employee development plans. 
In 2021, several Roper businesses headquartered in the Atlanta,  
Georgia area launched 10 ERGs to help foster an inclusive work 
environment. The businesses—CBORD, Horizon, IPA and PowerPlan—
received a favorable response after conducting outreach to their 
approximately 850 U.S.-based employees. As a result of these 
engagement efforts, the businesses identified the most impactful 
platforms and established the following ERGs: OUR PEOPLE (CONTINUED)
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   12“The establishment of our collaborative ERGs met a desire by our employees to have safe 
forums to share common interests and concerns and to meet and support one another in 
creatively addressing those concerns. The ERGs help to make us better employers and better 
positioned to serve our customers.”  
Corey Jensen, Vice President, Human Resources, CBORD, Horizon SPOTLIGHT ON
Deltek employee resource groups (ERGs) play a significant role in employee 
engagement and promotion of DEI. By embracing differences—including age, 
culture, ethnicity, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious belief, disability 
and veteran status—Deltek strengthens its employee connections, in turn 
supporting Deltek’s diverse customer community. Historically, the ERGs consisted 
of Pride@Deltek and Women@Deltek; however, Deltek recently launched nine 
additional groups including Asians@Deltek and Black Voices@Deltek to embrace 
and celebrate its diverse team. Deltek’s ERGs have become a critical platform—
especially while working remotely—and are key to fostering open, transparent and 
heartfelt conversations. They have also become a way to engage in meaningful 
discussions through educational sessions, addressing topics such as how COVID 
has impacted women, how we can be inclusive of transgender employees in the 
workplace and about the Black experience. Through these powerful sessions, 
employees continue to learn about the ongoing challenges their colleagues may 
be experiencing and how they can be more supportive. Deltek makes a point 
of celebrating diverse cultures and events, such as International Women’s Day, 
Black History Month and Pride Month.
• Asian Community
• Black/African American Community
• Disability Alliance Community
• Environmental and Sustainability Community
• Hispanic and Latinx Community• LGBTQIA+ Community 
• Mental Health Awareness Community
• Veteran’s Community
• Women in Business Community
• Working Families Community
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   13TRAINING AND EDUCATION 
Roper promotes training and education for all our employees and provides customized 
training campaigns. However, our businesses are responsible for implementing these 
programs and are expected to have the right people, right environment and right coaching 
to enable their employees to thrive and excel. To support our businesses, routine check-
ins between Roper and each operating business, along with on-demand training offered 
by Roper, build alignment with best practices and offer opportunities for learning and 
knowledge sharing. Beyond engagement with Roper, our businesses continue to cross-
collaborate with each other to develop new training tools for implementation. 
This business-to-business cross-collaboration resulted in 
the creation of a DEI Playbook template to track diversity 
metrics. Developed in 2020 with substantial input from 
several operating businesses, including Strata, this tool 
was deployed in 2021 as an optional initiative for other operating businesses to use. Rollout 
is continuing in 2022 for businesses to incorporate into operations to help them understand 
their own DEI maturity and track their DEI performance. It is also being rolled out as requested 
through a series of cross-business trainings.SPOTLIGHT ON
Deltek is building a learning community where employees can work with diverse 
individuals, explore new ways of thinking, and expand their capabilities through 
a trajectory of leadership programs across all levels, mentoring, enterprise-
wide coaching, and other instructor-led programs. The LIFE program (Leading 
Innovation for Employees) is designed for individual contributors and focuses 
on key competencies to help participants develop an innovator’s mindset. The 
LEAD2 program (Leadership Exploration and Discovery) focuses on developing 
skills to support team leads in managing and scheduling tasks through a series of 
role-based activities and online curriculum. Deltek’s LAMP program (Leadership 
Accelerator Management Program) has participants in all Deltek locations around 
the world and is designed to develop and enhance leadership competencies 
of new and existing people managers. Deltek’s LEAP program (Leadership 
Engagement with Awesome People) aims to develop high-performing leaders 
who demonstrate the qualities that will drive strategy with internal and external 
customers, grow the company, and meet the challenges that lie ahead. Through 
a series of facilitated discussions and self-directed curriculum, participants in the 
six-month LEAP program work with senior and executive leaders at Deltek to 
practice director-level competencies and present solutions that will have real 
business impact.
Roper provides targeted annual training to our businesses that support the medical  
community for the AdvaMed Code of Ethics, Anti-Kickback and Sunshine Act.
OUR PEOPLE (CONTINUED)

TALENT DEVELOPMENT 
To optimize the performance of our workforce, Roper has developed its Talent Offense. The 
program is built upon three pillars: Select, Develop and Engage, each designed to enable 
businesses to conjure and capture the discretionary effort of highly capable individuals 
and teams. The Select pillar guides businesses to identify key roles, define standards for 
elite performance and acquire talent capable of consistently advancing the enterprise. The 
Develop pillar guides businesses to build succession depth, grow 
high performers, and enhance employee performance. The Engage 
pillar guides businesses to evaluate and address the workforce 
environment, generate and monitor plans for improvement and build 
highly effective teams. 
The Talent Offense guidance and governance assures that every 
business is maturing these efforts in a manner most appropriate and relevant to their financial 
performance. The talent development and succession plans of our businesses are reviewed 
at least twice a year by our operating Group Vice Presidents and other senior leaders. 
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   14SELECT
DEVELOP
ENGAGESPOTLIGHT ON
Deltek is proud of its ongoing partnership with Year Up, an organization that 
works to close the opportunity divide by providing young adults with the skills 
and experience to achieve professional careers and higher education. Through 
its partnership over the past eleven years, Year Up has placed interns at Deltek’s 
corporate headquarters in Herndon, Virginia, where they work across the business 
gaining valuable experience and providing meaningful contributions to their 
teams. The program started with one intern in 2010 and since then has welcomed 
more than 70 interns, with many participants being hired to join Deltek full time.  OUR PEOPLE (CONTINUED)
“ Deltek has a focus on its culture of learning, and part of 
that is providing the best leadership programs we can to 
help cultivate our top talent. Our LEAD2, LAMP and LEAP 
programs help us develop and shape employees into 
future leaders who will steer the company toward its 
corporate vision, while our LEAD and LIFE programs focus 
on the core values and driving innovation.”  
Ed Hutner, Senior Vice President of Human Resources at Deltek.

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   15OUR PEOPLE (CONTINUED)
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Across Roper and our businesses, we are committed to fostering a diverse, equal and 
inclusive work environment for all employees.
DIVERSE HIRING AND INCLUSIVE WORK ENVIRONMENTS
Roper is a founding member of OneTen, a coalition of leading companies working together 
to upskill, hire and promote one million Black individuals without four-year degrees into 
family sustaining jobs with opportunities for advancement over the next ten years. Our CEO, 
Neil Hunn, serves on the coalition’s Board of Directors and Advisory Board. 
In 2021, the first year of OneTen’s existence, eight Roper businesses engaged with OneTen 
directly to refine hiring and promotion practices and to better calibrate compensation, 
onboarding and cultural practices to align with and support OneTen’s mission. Roper’s 
participating businesses included Aderant, Deltek, IntelliTrans, IPA, iPipeline, MHA, Strata 
and Sunquest. Each of these eight businesses engaged with OneTen due to their growth and 
hiring prospects, as well as geographic overlap with the markets in which OneTen operates. OneTen Participating Roper Businesses:
 • Refined job requirements to broaden their candidate pools
 •  Examined and refined compensation and benefits packages using the MIT living wage 
calculator
 •  Incorporated communications and cultural practices into onboarding learning to build a 
more inclusive environment 
As Roper participating businesses ramp up their OneTen engagement to acquire new talent 
through the OneTen platform for years to come, there are ongoing noteworthy impacts to 
highlight.
 •  Employee Resource Groups have emerged as a collaborative advocacy effort between 
Roper businesses.
 •  Underrepresented groups (minorities and women) made up 67% of new hires at 
Sunquest in 2021. 
 •  The leadership team at IPA is now over 50% female and over 33% minority. 
OneTen aims to close the opportunity gap for Black talent in 
America. Together we create opportunities to earn success and 
ignite potential for generations to come.
MANAGEMENT —
GENDER DIVERSITY %
FemaleTECHNICAL STAFF —
GENDER DIVERSITY %ALL OTHER EMPLOYEES —
GENDER DIVERSITY %
67%33%
62%38%
70%30%
Male Female Male Female Male
*EEO-1 2020 data utilized as it is the most recently available EEO-1 data at the time of report compilation. Data is representative of Roper corporate 
and Roper operating businesses in the U.S. at the time of EEO-1 2020 reporting.
Beyond our engagements with OneTen and our developing plans to address diversity, equity 
and inclusion, our businesses are taking additional steps towards more diverse and inclusive 
workforces. Roper discloses its most recently filed EEO-1 report on its website. 
Our Vertafore business is a leader in modern insurance 
technology and has built and delivers best-in-class 
InsurTech solutions to connect every point of the 
insurance distribution channel. Vertafore employs over 2,100 individuals globally and 
believes “our differences make us stronger and that excellence comes from equity, diversity 
and teamwork between different perspectives, values and backgrounds.” Vertafore continually 
looks for ways to strengthen its global culture and positively impact its employees, customers 
and industry. 
Vertafore has established many ERGs to build a supportive network for employees to share 
their passions, interests and perspectives. 
Vertafore Employee Resource Groups:AMOT is exploring how to best develop diverse candidate pools 
when expanding their teams and publishes job postings on various 
recruitment sites catering to diverse candidates, including Black 
Perspective, Hispanic Today and Women in Business, to reach a larger, more diverse applicant 
base. Their employees’ differences in background and perspective strengthen their business 
and Roper at large. 
For the last several years, our Vertafore business has also proudly partnered with an internship 
program—InternX—that matches historically marginalized college students with STEM-related 
internship opportunities at major companies across a range of sectors. Vertafore offers the 
interns exposure to technology opportunities to learn and gain the skills needed to propel 
them forward in their careers. In 2021, Vertafore hosted 16 interns across various Vertafore 
groups creating a diverse pipeline of talented individuals. 
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   16OUR PEOPLE (CONTINUED)
• Women of Vertafore
• Queertafore (LGBTQIA+)
• NEXT (Early in Career)
• Parent Network
• Black @ Vertafore•  Vertafore Cares, an employee-led initiative 
that helps local communities and creates 
social awareness with volunteering and 
give-back opportunities.

SPOTLIGHT ON
Deltek is committed to making DEI a priority at all levels of the business. Wanting 
to take a unique yet impactful approach to DEI, Deltek reviewed and removed all 
exclusive terminology in their software code and documentation. By removing 
terms such as “master” and “blacklist” from company coding, as well as gendered 
and heteronormative language in its documentation, Deltek is working to ensure 
that diversity and inclusion are woven into every aspect of their organization. 
Deltek has also committed to nominating underrepresented minorities for every 
director-level vacancy and has created a DEI Council comprised of its DEI leader 
and the leaders of the various ERGs. Furthermore, Deltek’s business unit leaders 
have all had DEI training and unconscious bias assessments.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   17OUR PEOPLE (CONTINUED)
Vertafore’s CEO, Amy Zupon, reflects on the importance of these initiatives:
“The success of our company comes from the strength of our team, 
and our team is stronger because of our commitment to diversity, 
equity and inclusion. Two strategic initiatives central to Vertafore’s DEI 
strategy are our InternX program and “Voices for Change” fireside 
chat series. InternX is a platform that allows us to identify and recruit 
highly qualified young adults from diverse backgrounds to participate 
in meaningful internship experiences that advance our interns’ 
professional development as well as provide Vertafore with a pipeline 
of world-class talent. We launched “Voices for Change” following the killing of George Floyd 
and the heightened awareness that we all must do our part to create a more inclusive, just and 
equitable society. Our quarterly dialogues have provided an opportunity for us to engage with 
and learn from the personal and professional experiences of diverse, senior professionals 
across sectors, and we are a stronger team because of it.” 
DEI TRAINING AND EDUCATION
Training for both leaders and employees is a critical contributor to DEI program success. 
Our businesses offer courses on subjects such as unconscious bias, microaggressions and 
being an inclusive leader. These trainings are significant factors in expanding our employees’ 
understanding of DEI topics and allow them to promote a greater sense of community at 
their organizations. 
Additional opportunities allow employees to continue expanding their understanding of 
a topic and become more engaged. Some businesses offer seminars and conversations 
to discuss DEI topics and feature outside speakers to bring additional perspectives to  
the table.Vertafore’s Voices for Change initiative is a series of open 
conversations to discuss issues of race, social justice and 
diversity and inclusion with diverse leaders across the insurance and technology industries 
and beyond. The goal is to elevate these voices and examine how the Vertafore community 
can positively contribute to the progress we hope to see.
In 2021, speakers included Sally Susman, EVP and Chief Corporate Affairs Officer at Pfizer, 
who discussed the impacts of our own biases in our journey to stand together against 
violence, hate and discrimination in all its forms, and Aarti Kohli, Executive Director of 
Advancing Justice—Asian Law Caucus, who spoke about the work she is doing to drive  
positive change for the Asian and Pacific Islander communities and the ways we can play  
a part in making a difference.

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   18OUR PEOPLE (CONTINUED)
Health, Safety and Wellness
The health, safety and wellness of our employees, customers and members of the 
communities in which we operate are of paramount importance to Roper. We expect our 
businesses to meet or surpass all relevant Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) laws and 
regulations, as is specified in our Roper EH&S Policy. 
Our businesses prioritize prevention of workplace accidents and injuries, while continually 
identifying any hazards and addressing them in a timely manner. They also promote the 
well-being of our employees and their families through several initiatives including wellness, 
financial security and family member assistance. iPipeline is a great example of an operating 
company that promotes overall well-being. 
iPipeline sponsors and encourages workers to participate in health and wellness activities 
during the work week through walking or step programs. It also offers health and wellness 
perks such as a fund for exercise equipment, subsidized gym memberships and health risk 
assessments. Employees and their spouses, partners or children have access to behavioral 
health counseling services, web resources and Employee Assistance Programs. iPipeline also 
has policies and programs in place to prevent ergonomic-related injuries in the workspace.
Our Aderant business took on building its first Sustainability and CSR 
Committee in 2021 and embarked on implementing sustainability 
programs across the organization. One of its guiding sources for 
ensuring employee health, safety and well-being is its Health and Safety Statement. Addressing 
topics such as health and safety training and risk assessment and safe working conditions, 
the Aderant Health and Safety Statement demonstrates its commitment to supporting its 
employees and keeping them safe. 
Our sites work to implement best-in-class management practices pertaining to environmental, 
health and safety topics and several hold certifications in management system ISO 45001, 
aligning with audited best practices for health and safety. 

SPOTLIGHT ON
Deltek offers fitness reimbursement, virtual wellness activities and sponsored 
sports teams as part of its many programs that focus on improving the quality 
of life for its employees and their families. In addition, Deltek offers a complete 
package of benefits and programs to help employees simplify and enrich their 
lives. Competitive benefits include healthcare coverage, paid leave, retirement 
packages and workplace flexibility.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   19OUR PEOPLE (CONTINUED)
rf IDEAS provides RFID card readers used in numerous identity 
access management applications across a variety of vertical markets 
and anchors their approach to employee safety and well-being in 
their Health and Safety Policy. Additionally, competitive PTO and a healthy work-life balance 
ensure that work stays at work and employees are rejuvenated and recharged. 
iTrade is a highlight when it comes to employee 
well-being and work-life balance among Roper 
businesses. From benefits including flexible 
hours, LinkedIn Learning for all, smoothie and juice Wednesdays, yoga offerings and lunch 
and learns, iTrade recognizes the importance of supporting the holistic well-being of each of 
its employees. On-site benefits were also adjusted to maintain the safety and well-being of its 
employees during the global pandemic.
IMPACTS AND ACCOUNTABILITY
Roper has a significant opportunity to positively impact the communities and 
environments in which we are based. Our businesses actively seek new ways to  
support the cities and towns where they are located and lower their overall 
environmental impact of operations. Roper continually highlights the positive  
impacts our businesses have already created, while providing guidance and structure 
to our businesses looking to progress. 
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   20
Community
Our businesses are responsible for their own charitable activities, which can range from 
monetary donations to volunteering. These activities are the direct decision of our 40+ 
operating businesses, making their impact much larger than any one Roper initiative.
Our NDI business, a leading innovator and manufacturer of optical 
and electromagnetic 3D measurement and tracking technology 
solutions based in Waterloo, Canada, clearly demonstrates its 
commitment to community. It sponsors local science-based competitions and education 
efforts and participates in a variety of charitable giving programs, including supporting local 
food banks and organizations dedicated to improving the health of Waterloo residents. NDI 
employees also participate in annual toy and gift drives for local children. 
Our Neptune business, a technology company that 
serves water utilities across North America, has 
underlined its commitment to the people in its local 
and global communities through its activities regarding water conservation, water quality 
and access to clean water. Neptune has cultivated partnerships with organizations such as 
Water for People, a nonprofit organization whose mission is to promote the development of 
high-quality drinking water and sanitation services, accessible to all, and sustained by strong 
communities, businesses and governments. 
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   21IMPACTS AND ACCOUNTABILITY (CONTINUED)
SPOTLIGHT ON
Deltek is pleased to support philanthropic organizations that foster health and 
well-being, reflecting the commitment of its employees, customers and global 
community. Not only does Deltek recognize how important it is for employees to 
engage and give back, it also understands how volunteering can greatly impact 
a person’s health and well-being by reducing stress levels, improving their mood, 
helping them stay active and giving them a sense of purpose. To help employees 
find the necessary time, Deltek offers a Volunteer Time Off program where every 
employee may elect to use eight hours of paid time off to make a positive impact 
on organizations they are passionate about.
Deltek is proud to continue its ongoing support of the Leukemia & Lymphoma 
Society (LLS), the world’s largest voluntary health organization dedicated 
to funding blood cancer research, education and patient services. Deltek  
employees are committed to LLS’s efforts to cure leukemia, lymphoma,  
Hodgkin’s disease and myeloma, and to improve the quality of life for patients  
and their families. In 2021, Deltek was honored with the Lifetime Achievement  
Award from LLS for its continuous support of the organization’s important work, 
including participation in the Light the Night Walks and annual fundraising.  
Since 2014, Deltek employees have participated in these annual walks—held in 
over 200 communities—raising over $340,000.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   22SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES DURING COVID-19
In the face of the pandemic, we have implemented several practices to prevent the spread 
of COVID-19 and other infectious diseases in both our workplace and community. Across 
Roper, working from home became our best defense against COVID-19 in keeping our 
employees safe and healthy. When this could not occur, we took care to ensure that social 
distancing in our offices was accommodated, provided masks across the organization for an 
added layer of safety and implemented enhanced cleaning protocols. 
Our Managed Health Care Associates, Inc. (MHA) business is a 
leading health care services and software company that supports 
the diverse and complex needs of the alternate site health care 
provider. In 2020, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), under “Operation 
Warp Speed,” selected MHA as the COVID-19 vaccinations network administrator on 
behalf of the MHA independent long-term care pharmacy network, comprising over 1,600 
pharmacy locations nationwide. This supplemented programs the CDC already had in 
place with national drug store chains by including the option for independent, long-term 
care pharmacies to provide vaccinations to residents and staff of long-term care facilities. 
By volunteering to act as a network administrator, MHA coordinated the delivery of vaccines 
through its pharmacy members to the elderly population throughout the United States. 
MHA received the ASCP 2021 Herb Langsam Pharmacy Services Provider Award from the 
American Society of Consultant Pharmacists for being “an exemplary provider of pharmacy 
services through innovation, dedication and care” in connection with MHA’s involvement with 
Operation Warp Speed.IMPACTS AND ACCOUNTABILITY (CONTINUED)
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   23IMPACTS AND ACCOUNTABILITY (CONTINUED)
Our CliniSys business played a significant role by lending their 
services and expertise to preventing the spread of COVID-19 
over the course of the pandemic. CliniSys provides laboratory 
information management solutions (LIMS) to more than 2,000 
laboratories in 34 countries and drew on their existing scalable systems to quickly support 
governments and health organizations across the UK and Europe. They developed both rapid 
response solutions and innovations that supported and improved testing and reporting. 
By sharing knowledge and experience across borders, CliniSys succeeded in supporting 
several national projects, despite the unprecedented time pressure and the exceptional 
circumstances that the company, and their customers, faced. 
CliniSys’ contributions include:
  United Kingdom—Helped deliver agile, sustainable solutions to hospitals, supporting rapid 
reporting to customers and enabling clinicians to have all needed data in one place. 
   Belgium—Contributed to the creation of a federal, cloud-based IT platform for COVID-19 
testing to digitally support the workflow and facilitate the sharing of information between 
the various laboratories, governmental agencies, care providers and contact tracers. 
  Austria—Enabled 600 employees to carry out highly complex logistics at a vast capacity by 
setting up state-of-the-art laboratories in Vienna over just a few weeks. Aided the analysis 
of up to 400,000 COVID test samples per day with the help of CliniSys solutions. 
  France—Was instrumental in developing and implementing the national SI-DEP IT 
platform. The purpose of the national SI-DEP (Système d’Informations de DEPistage), a 
project implemented by the French Ministry of Health and Solidarity, is to detect and trace 
COVID-19 cases throughout France. At the heart of the platform is CyberLab, the CliniSys 
web-based order entry and result consultation application, which can easily be linked to 
all the laboratory information systems used in France and is capable of processing large 
volumes of data independent of its origins. The platform was built in just two months and 
supports France’s population of 67 million. Please see accompanying image for more details.
OPERATIONAL IN 
6 WEEKS
100,000
ACTIVE USERS400
HOSPITALS
10,000
CONCURRENT 
USERS4,500
PRIVATE 
LABORATORIES
CAPACITY OF 
3,000,000
TESTS PER DAYSI–DEP IN FIGURES
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   24IMPACTS AND ACCOUNTABILITY (CONTINUED)
Environment
Roper understands the importance of assessing and addressing the environmental impacts 
of our operations to reduce our environmental footprint and combat climate change. 
Roper’s initial priority is to set a baseline for energy use and emissions across all businesses 
to track year-over-year changes. We also work to educate our businesses to ensure they fully 
understand how to manage their environmental impacts and make progress in reducing 
them. However, the implementation of environmental management is primarily overseen at 
the business level. As programs launch, cross-business collaboration will be critical to share 
best practices across the portfolio, propel Roper toward environmental impact reductions 
and enhance our competitive position.  
One way our businesses are reducing their environmental footprint is by developing  
recycling programs. These programs include the recycling of paper, scrap metal, cardboard, 
plastic, and electronics, reducing the waste streams coming out of the businesses. SPOTLIGHT ON
Sustainability is woven into many areas within Deltek. One of Deltek’s ERG 
groups, Global Green@Deltek, is a cross section of employees dedicated to 
raising awareness around environmental and sustainability related programs. 
Deltek was awarded a LEED® Silver certification for Commercial Interiors for its 
headquarters building in Herndon, Virginia. Deltek’s 230,000 square foot facility 
includes features such as low-impact site maintenance and erosion control, low-
emissions materials, access to transit, bicycle storage and locker room facilities. 
Features at Deltek’s Herndon headquarters that reduce energy use include: 
 •  Access to daylight so that overhead lights can be dimmed or turned off for 
most of the day 
 •  Occupancy sensors so that lights are off when spaces are not being used 
 •  Task lighting so that overhead light levels can remain low or be turned off 
when not needed 
 •  Demand controlled ventilation so that HVAC equipment only runs when 
spaces are occupied 
 •  ENERGY STAR® equipment and appliances 

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   25Energy and Emissions
Establishing a baseline of energy use and emissions is the first step in reducing the Roper 
climate impact. To achieve this baseline, all operating businesses completed surveys that 
addressed a variety of topics including total electricity usage, natural gas usage and sources 
of energy to calculate Roper-wide totals. With this information, Roper will plan accordingly to 
help its businesses find additional ways to reduce overall energy use and related emissions 
and analyze and implement enterprise-wide climate change initiatives. One of our companies, NDI, has made a commitment to environmental 
sustainability and conducted an energy audit that resulted in the 
implementation of a number of measures, including switching to LED 
lighting. Furthermore, NDI’s employee-led Environmental Committee focuses on bringing 
company-wide attention to addressing sustainability improvements in NDI’s offices and at 
home. NDI was also an early member of Sustainable Waterloo, a nonprofit that helps other 
organizations in the Waterloo Region achieve carbon reductions through collaboration  
and education. IMPACTS AND ACCOUNTABILITY (CONTINUED)
ROPER TOTAL METRIC TONS CO2e
PER BUSINESS SEGMENT
ROPER HQ APPLICATION
SOFTWARENETWORK &
SOFTWARE
SYSTEMSMEASUREMENT
& ANALYTICAL
SOLUTIONSPROCESS
TECHNOLOGIES0200040006000800010000120001400016000
02,0004,0006,0008,00010,00012,00014,00016,000
854,737
2,98014,599
8,739
 For additional information on 2021 energy and emissions data please refer to Environmental Footprint of Operations in the SASB Index 
at page 39.
Customer Environmental Impact
Roper operating businesses are not only understanding and improving their own 
environmental impacts, but they are also assisting their customers in increasing their 
operational efficiencies while meeting their business needs. Some of our businesses, 
particularly within the supply chain and shipping industries, can help their customers reduce 
their environmental footprint and save costs by using the products and services they offer. 
Our Neptune business’s passion is supporting 
water utilities in their efforts to provide safe and 
clean drinking water, and to protect and conserve 
this precious commodity. Neptune’s solutions make data actionable by providing effective 
measurement tools, networks, software and services for the business of water. These data 
analytics provide insights to help water utilities be more efficient and reduce waste through 
timely identification of leaks both at the point of delivery in homes and businesses and in the 
network of water pipes for distribution. 
Our DAT, Loadlink Technologies and IntelliTrans businesses all provide solutions that allow 
their trucking and shipping industry customers to improve operational efficiency, thereby 
reducing emissions from trucks and other modes of shipping. In addition, these businesses 
provide tools to enable truckers, trucking companies and other shippers to better navigate 
the supply chain challenges that became prevalent during 2021, providing customers with 
assistance in getting goods and freight to their ultimate destinations in a timely, cost-efficient 
manner.   •  DAT operates the largest truckload freight marketplace in North 
America. The DAT One platform is the industry’s only end-to-end 
solution for motor carriers, freight brokers, 3PLs and shippers. Every 
year, hundreds of millions of loads are posted on the largest load board in the world, 
resulting in approximately 52 million transactions taking place across 68,000 lanes. 
DAT provides increased efficiency to the freight industry and reduces the percentage of 
empty truckload miles and idle time for truckers and their cargo.
 •  Loadlink Technologies helps Canadian transportation companies facilitate the critical 
movement of goods by trucks through the use of its technology. As Canada’s leader  
in load and freight-matching services, Loadlink transforms its customers’ needs into 
insights that deliver solutions, turning empty trucks and 
available loads into full trucks and moved loads across Canada.
 •   IntelliTrans provides unified and proactive solutions to manage the complex supply chain 
challenges of “bulk” and “break bulk” commodity producers (plastics and chemicals, 
forest products, mining and metals, cement and energy). IntelliTrans has become a 
useful ESG tool for its customers’ operations by determining the most efficient means 
to transport their shipments. Its Global Visibility Platform helps companies load as much 
product as possible into every shipment, thus reducing that company’s (and carrier’s) 
carbon footprint by preventing “empty miles” and maximizing available capacity. By 
managing flawless execution, ensuring that carriers show up on time, and eliminating 
extra rail switches, IntelliTrans helps companies 
achieve their ESG goals in a very cost-efficient, 
effective manner. 
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   26IMPACTS AND ACCOUNTABILITY (CONTINUED)
Governing ESG programs at Roper and across our operating businesses is critical 
when considering our decentralized operating model. We work to ensure that 
consistent standards and messaging apply throughout our company. Our Corporate 
Governance Guidelines and our Business Code of Ethics and Standards of Conduct 
outline these expectations.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   27ESG GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS

ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   28ESG GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS (CONTINUED)
Corporate Governance
Roper Operating Model
Our ESG Governance is overseen at the highest level of our Board of Directors, with 
the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board supervising the ongoing 
implementation of Roper’s ESG program. In the spring of 2021, the Board designated a 
Chief ESG Officer to work with Roper’s 40+ businesses to develop a more comprehensive, 
robust approach to ESG. 
ROPER BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMPOSITION AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021:
INDEPENDENCE
9 
Independent 
DirectorsETHNIC DIVERSITY
1 
African American 
Director
1
Latino DirectorWOMEN
4
Women Directors
1
Woman Board
Chair
3
Women Committee 
Chairs90% 40% 20%
Board of Directors, left to right: Thomas P. Joyce, Jr., Irene M. Esteves, Richard F. Wallman, Laura G. Thatcher, Robert D. 
Johnson, Shellye L. Archambeau, John F. Fort III, L. Neil Hunn, Amy Woods Brinkley, Christopher Wright
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   29Roper has centralized oversight over all the businesses they own, including a standardized  
set of governance and ethics policies. In practice, however, the actual day-to-day  
management is handled at the business level. At the most basic level, Roper buys great 
businesses and provides an environment and governance system that enables each business 
to get even better over the long term. Roper’s model allows each of its businesses to focus 
exclusively on their small, niche market and enables nimble execution to address the unique 
needs of their customers. These businesses are empowered to make their own strategic and 
operational decisions with active oversight and coaching from Roper. 
Roper is leveraging our decentralized operating model to implement our ESG strategy. 
An enterprise-wide ESG program also provides a forum for Roper’s diverse portfolio of 
businesses to collaborate, share best practices and help each other to more effectively 
address common ESG issues. 
ESG GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS (CONTINUED)
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
ROPER SENIOR MANAGEMENT & ROPER CHIEF ESG OFFICER
BUSINESS 
ESG 
COORDINATORSBUSINESS 
SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT
BUSINESS 
SUSTAINABILITY 
COMMITTEES
(as applicable)

Ethics and Compliance 
At Roper we hold our businesses to high ethical standards. This commitment is upheld by 
our Business Code of Ethics and Standards of Conduct (Code of Conduct), which outlines 
policies, regulations and laws that govern our daily operations. Our Code of Conduct 
provides guidance to promote integrity and mutual respect for our employees, stakeholders 
and customers. Everyone at Roper is trained in and expected to follow the components of 
the Code of Conduct to ensure a welcoming environment for all. 
To address issues of ethics and compliance, we have a system in place to report violations 
or concerns. If anyone suspects unethical or illegal behavior in violation with our Code of 
Conduct, they can report directly at their business or contact Roper’s Chief Compliance 
Officer. We also have a confidential and anonymous reporting hotline in place—the Roper 
Technologies Ethics and Compliance line. This is operated by a leading ethics platform 
provider and serves as the link between employees and Roper for flagging potential 
concerns. We encourage our employees to report their concerns via this channel and we 
ensure there is no retaliation, which would be counter to our principles. 
The Roper Code of Conduct is available in 14 languages, and the Roper Ethics and  
Compliance reporting hotline is available in local languages in over 25 countries. Human Rights
Roper is committed to respecting human rights and supports global efforts to protect them. 
All our businesses, employees, agents and vendors are required to comply with all applicable 
laws prohibiting all forms of forced labor, child labor, human trafficking and modern-day 
slavery. Our Human Rights Policy is consistent with the core tenets of the International Labor 
Organization’s (ILO) fundamental conventions, the human rights principles set in the United 
Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and the goals of the Responsible Minerals 
initiative.
Our compensation of our employees is competitive relative to the industry and labor market, 
while adhering to all applicable laws.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   30ESG GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS (CONTINUED)

Roper complies with all international and local legal requirements of the varying countries 
in which we operate. Our human rights policies outline our commitments across a variety of 
topics. Roper prohibits the use of all forms of forced labor and believes that people should 
work because they want or need to. We employ people based on their ability to do their 
job and actively prohibit discrimination based on employees’ protected characteristics or 
protected conduct. 
We respect the rights of freedom of association and collective bargaining and encourage 
an open dialogue between employees and management. Roper works to ensure that the 
workplace is free from violence, harassment and intimidation, and any other threats. The 
privacy of all individuals is of utmost importance, and we work to protect and mitigate risk of 
data breach, data losses and misuse. Lastly, we expect our suppliers and contractors to treat 
their employees and interact with the community in a manner that respects human rights 
and is in line with our policy. SUPPLIERS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
Our businesses evaluate their suppliers to ensure they are conducting business with like-
minded companies as it pertains to environmental and human rights concerns. Some of our 
businesses implement supplier codes of conduct, which they expect their suppliers to sign 
and follow. Additionally, all suppliers must adhere to Roper’s conflict minerals program and 
Roper’s Conflict Minerals Policy. Suppliers are expected to act with the same honesty and 
integrity upheld across all Roper businesses. 
Roper has an overarching Supplier Code of Conduct and Purchase Order Terms and 
Conditions, which suppliers are also expected to uphold. The Supplier Code of Conduct 
covers employment practices, ethical conduct, anti-corruption, environmental, security and 
gratuity policies, as well as monitoring and reporting. In addition to the Supplier Code of 
Conduct, suppliers must follow all applicable laws and industry standards.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   31ESG GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS (CONTINUED)

Data Privacy and Cybersecurity 
Roper is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals that trust us with their personal 
information. Because each of our businesses operates in a niche market with unique market 
conditions, Roper gives our individual businesses the authority to establish their own privacy 
practices subject to general, enterprise-wide compliance activities and guidance that include: 
• Internal Facing Privacy Governance Policies
• External Facing Privacy Policies and Employee Privacy Notices
• Roper-wide and Operating Business Specific Document Retention Policies
• Intra-Company Cross Border Data Transfer Agreements 
• HIPAA-compliance Reviews for Operating Businesses Subject to HIPAA 
• Data Mapping Using OneTrust’s Data Mapping Tool 
• Appointment of Operating Business Privacy Advocates 
• Appointment of External or Internal Data Protection Officers (when necessary)
• Implementation of a Data Subject Access Request Policy
• Incident Response Plans and Escalation Procedures 
• Data Protection AgreementsThere are now more than 120 jurisdictions with privacy and data protection laws and that 
number will continue to grow. Our Roper Privacy Policies are reviewed annually and updated 
as necessary as part of the maintenance of our Roper Privacy programs. We brief our Board 
of Directors at least twice annually on our privacy-related activities, and while we cannot 
eliminate all risk associated with the data we control or process, we will continue to mitigate 
these risks going forward through policy implementation, data mapping, training and 
engagement with the businesses. 
We have also committed to maintaining a robust cybersecurity posture across all our 
businesses to protect our data and prevent cybercrime. In particular we have committed 
to our Board of Directors to reduce supply chain risk, further improve cloud security 
and adopt a zero trust security framework. To accomplish this, we continue to develop 
our cybersecurity programs—which were first formalized in 2017—and have an updated 
NIST-based (National Institute of Standards and Technology) framework for addressing 
cybersecurity. We continue to raise security awareness with our employees throughout 
the year with cyber training and monthly phishing campaigns. We have recently adopted 
Cloud Security Maturity Frameworks from cloud partners to further improve cloud security. 
We are also implementing new key performance indicators (KPIs) this year, which will help 
Roper assess the success of each business’s approach to cybersecurity. These KPIs consist of 
overall maturity, vulnerability ratio and patching remediation and Center for Internet Security  
(CIS) score. 
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   32ESG GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS (CONTINUED)
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   33ESG GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS (CONTINUED)
Our Roper cybersecurity program, which is implemented at all our businesses, consists of: 
 •  Implementing a maturity framework. We provide our businesses with a cybersecurity 
roadmap to continuously improve cybersecurity maturity. Each business is presented a 
roadmap unique to their cyber risk, considering business type, data privacy requirements, 
cyber expertise products, and systems that are in place, among other indicators. Some 
businesses have inherently less risk given their products and services. The maturity 
framework is also leveraged to measure state of maturity at each of our businesses. 
These maturity assessments are conducted every year.
 •  Conducting cyber health checks. The health check includes the review of current 
cyber state, as well as the strategic cyber direction, and testing of security configurations 
through the environment. Cybersecurity recommendations are made during these visits 
and are updated based on progress throughout the health check cycle. 
 •  Defense in-depth. Cybersecurity controls are designed to provide a multi-layer 
approach to protecting the businesses. This begins with a focus on preventing entry  
point and lateral movement within the environments with an equal focus placed on 
detection, containment and recovery. This defense in-depth approach allows for 
business continuity and resilience, with all aspects of our cyber approach strengthening 
each other. 
To implement an extra layer of protection, Roper engaged a leading cybersecurity  
technology solutions provider in 2020 and has expanded this partnership to cover all our 
businesses. It provides 24/7 Managed Detection and Response (MDR) coverage of our 
systems and a rapid response to any potential incidents, giving us an added layer of defense 
against any cyberattacks, including ransomware. This solution supplements our Incident 
Response Plan and retainer and allows for prioritized incident response.
Business Continuity
Effectively competing in our markets is critical to our business health. As we grow, 
we plan to strategically capitalize on the benefits of building strong ESG programs 
across our businesses to mitigate risk and strengthen the sustainability and continuity 
of our company. With effective ESG programs, we strengthen our position in 
competitive markets and in investors’ minds and continued improvement with respect 
to our most impactful ESG topics will be vital as we build sustainable strategies for  
operations and growth. 
See our Annual Report for additional business continuity risks as they relate to  
operations, and the remainder of this ESG Report for additional specificity regarding 
ESG aspects.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   34OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT THIS REPORT
•  Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this Report are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the United States federal securities laws. All statements 
other than historical factual information are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their 
experience and perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance 
and actual results may differ materially from the results, developments and business decisions contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue 
reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Important factors that in some cases have affected us in the past and that in the future could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those envisaged in our forward-looking statements are described in Roper’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The forward-looking statements included in 
this Report speak only as of the date of this Report, and except to the extent required by applicable law, we do not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, 
whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. 
•  Please note that the inclusion of information in this Report is not an indication that such information is necessarily material as defined under the U.S. federal securities laws and the 
applicable regulations thereunder. 
•  Any trademarks, product names or brand images appearing herein are the property of their respective owners. 
•  Uncertainties are inherent in collecting data from a wide range of facilities and operations in a global company such as Roper. The data included in this Report are good faith estimates and 
have not been externally assured. We expect our data collection systems to evolve and we seek to continually improve our processes for collecting and disclosing accurate, meaningful 
and consistent data.
APPENDIX — OPERATING BUSINESSES
Application Software
ADERANT
Comprehensive management software solutions for law and other professional 
services firms, including business development, calendar/docket matter 
management, time and billing and case management.
CBORD
Campus solutions software including access and cashless systems and food  
and nutrition service management, serving primarily higher education and 
healthcare markets.
CLINISYS
Laboratory information management software solutions. Subsequent to year 
end, our Sunquest business combined with CliniSys to create one of the world’s 
largest organizations dedicated to diagnostics and laboratory informatics.
DATA INNOVATIONS
Software solutions that enable enterprise management of hospitals and 
independent laboratories.
DELTEK
Enterprise software and information solutions for government contractors, 
professional services firms and other project-based businesses.HORIZON
Software, services and technologies for foodservice operations, specializing  
in K-12.
INTELLITRANS
Transportation management software and services to bulk and break-bulk 
commodity producers. 
POWERPLAN
Financial and compliance management software and solutions to large complex 
companies in asset-intensive industries.
STRATA
Cloud-based financial analytics and performance management software that 
is used by healthcare providers for financial planning, decision support and 
continuous cost improvement.
VERTAFORE
Cloud-based software to the property and casualty insurance industry, including 
agency management, compliance, workflow and data solutions.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   35
Network Software & Systems
CONSTRUCTCONNECT
Cloud-based data, collaboration and estimating automation software solutions 
to a network of pre-construction contractors.
DAT
Electronic marketplaces that connect available capacity of trucking units with 
the available loads of freight throughout North America.
FOUNDRY
Software technologies used to deliver visual effects and 3D content for the 
entertainment and digital design industries. 
INOVONICS
High-performance wireless sensor network and solutions for a variety of 
applications. 
IPIPELINE
Cloud-based software solutions for the life insurance and financial services 
industries.
ITRADENETWORK
Leading global provider of SaaS-based trading network and business intelligence 
solutions to the food industry.LOADLINK TECHNOLOGIES
Electronic marketplaces and supply chain software that connect food suppliers, 
distributors and vendors, primarily in the perishable food sector.
MHA  
Health care service and software solutions to alternate site health care markets.
RF IDEAS
RFID card readers used in numerous identity access management applications 
across a variety of vertical markets. 
SHP
Data analytics and benchmarking information for the post-acute health care 
provider marketplace.
SOFTWRITERS
Software solutions to pharmacies that primarily serve the long-term care 
marketplace. 
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   36
APPENDIX — ROPER OPERATING BUSINESSES
Measurement & Analytical Solutions
ALPHA
Precision rubber and polymer testing instruments and data analysis software.
CIVCO MEDICAL SOLUTIONS
Accessories focused on guidance and infection control for ultrasound 
procedures.
DYNISCO
Solutions for testing and analyzing plastics used in a variety of end markets.
FMI
Dispensers and metering pumps that are utilized in a broad range of applications 
requiring precision fluid control.
HANSEN
Control valves for large industrial refrigeration systems.
HARDY
Precision weighing equipment for process and packaging for a variety of 
industries including food processing, automated manufacturing, chemical, 
plastics and rubber.USON
Automated leak detection equipment for a variety of end markets, including 
automotive, medical device, pharmaceutical and general industrial.
IPA 
Automated surgical scrub and linen dispensing equipment for health care 
providers.VERATHON 
Medical devices that enable airway management and bladder volume 
measurement solutions for health care providers.LOGITECH
Equipment and consumables used for sample preparation and material analysis 
used primarily in the semiconductor and geological science industries.
NEPTUNE
Water meters, enabling water utilities to remotely monitor their customers 
utilizing Automatic Meter Reading (AMR) and Advanced Metering Infrastructure 
(AMI) technologies.
NORTHERN DIGITAL
Optical and electromagnetic precision measurement systems for medical and 
industrial applications.
STRUERS
Equipment and consumables for sample preparation and testing of solid 
materials used across a variety of end markets.
TECHNOLOG
Products and services to water and gas utilities, used for network monitoring, 
pressure control and remote meter reading.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   37
APPENDIX — ROPER OPERATING BUSINESSES
Process Technologies
AMOT
Temperature control and emergency shutoff valves used by customers in the 
energy and general industrial end markets.
CCC
Turbomachinery control hardware, software and services for customers across 
the upstream, midstream and downstream energy markets.
CORNELL
Specialized pumps used across a variety of end markets, including agriculture, 
energy, food processing, mining, waste water processing and general industrial.
FTI
Flow meter calibrators and controllers used primarily in the aerospace, 
automotive, energy and general industrial end markets. METRIX
Vibration monitoring systems and controls across a variety of end markets.
PAC
Analytical instruments used by energy refineries and laboratories.
ROPER PUMP
Specialty pumps and drilling power sections used by customers in the energy, 
general industrial and transportation end markets.
VIATRAN
Pressure and level sensors for energy and general industrial end markets.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   38
Note: In 2021, we entered into agreements to divest our CIVCO Radiotherapy, TransCore and Zetec businesses. As a result, these businesses have been excluded from the scope of this report. 
APPENDIX — ROPER OPERATING BUSINESSES
SASB IT Services and Software Standard
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   39APPENDIX — SASB INDEX
Environmental Footprint of Operations
ACCOUNTING METRIC(S) CODE UNIT RESPONSE OR LOCATION IN REPORT
TC-SI-130a.1 Gigajoules 
(GJ),
Percentage (%)
Section: Impacts and Accountability > Environment > Energy and Emissions  P . 25
* Energy consumption assessed included the electricity and natural gas usage at Roper’s headquarters and the locations owned or leased by Roper’s 40+ operating 
businesses (including owned data centers) for which information was available. Modeling was applied as needed based on Roper business segment-wide and Roper-wide 
average usage per ft2. This data does not include energy consumed by cloud providers who provide services to Roper or its operating businesses. We plan to continue 
to expand and enhance our assessment and compilation of GHG impact moving forward to establish a more complete GHG baseline. Long term, Roper plans to further 
leverage cloud-based platforms to take advantage of our cloud providers’ ability to reduce our environmental footprint.
TC-SI-130a.2 Thousands of 
cubic metersTotal water withdrawn, consumed is not available at this time.
Discussion of the integration of environmental considerations 
into strategic planning for data center needsTC-SI-130a.3 Discussion 
and AnalysisRoper’s operating businesses are responsible for determining their computing and data center requirements and for 
integrating environmental considerations into their strategic planning. Roper’s operating businesses seek to mitigate 
the environmental impact of their computing needs and data center operation with a variety of approaches including:
• Cloud-First Policies
• Mitigation Technologies and Approaches
     – Temperature monitoring systems
     – Use of Energy Star efficiency-rated UPS systems
     – Standby generators equipped with oxidation catalysts to reduce carbon particulates
• Partnerships with environmentally conscious data storage providers(1) Total water withdrawn, 
(2)  Total water consumed, percentage of each in regions 
with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress(1) Total energy consumed
(2) percentage grid Electricity
(3) percentage renewable1) Total Energy Consumed: 387,084.94 GJ 
2) Percentage Grid Electricity: 62.04%
3)  Percentage Renewable: 2.92%
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   40APPENDIX — SASB INDEX
Data Privacy and Freedom of Expression
Description of policies and practices relating to behavioral 
advertising and user privacyTC-SI-220a.1 Discussion 
and AnalysisSection: ESG Governance and Ethics > Data Privacy and Cybersecurity P . 32-33
Number of users whose information is used for secondary 
purposesTC-SI-220a.2 Quantitative Roper’s operating businesses are responsible for maintaining the privacy and security of customers and users and only 
utilize the personal data of unique users as described in each operating business’s customer agreements or privacy 
policies which are publicly posted on the businesses’ websites. 
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with user privacyTC-SI-220a.3 Quantitative There were no monetary losses or judgements associated with user privacy in 2021 that required disclosure in our 
public SEC filings.
TC-SI-220a.4 Quantitative Due to Roper’s decentralized governance structure and diversity of its operating businesses, the operating businesses 
respond to law enforcement requests on a case-by-case basis. While we do not specifically track this information, we 
believe we received fewer than 50 requests from law enforcement for user information across all Roper businesses.
List of countries where core products or services are subject 
to government-required monitoring, blocking, content 
filtering, or censoringTC-SI-220a.5 Discussion 
and AnalysisNone of the Roper operating businesses provide products or services in any country where the products or services are 
subject to government-required monitoring, blocking, content filtering, or censoring.(1)   Number of law enforcement requests for user information, 
(2) number of users whose information was requested, 
(3) percentage resulting in disclosure
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   41Data Security
TC-SI-230a.1 Quantitative All Roper operating businesses maintain a defined incident response process which applies to all potential incidents 
at every business level. A third-party Incident Response Partner is on retainer and cybersecurity insurance covers all 
Roper operating businesses. If additional legal counsel is necessary, both internal and external counsel and support are 
provided as appropriate. 
In 2021, Roper operating businesses notified customers regarding 11 data incidents. All these events were the result of 
data mishandling, system configuration errors, or human mistakes. None of these events were a result of a deliberate 
cyberattack or third-party penetration and in all cases data exposure was limited.   
Description of approach to identifying and addressing data 
security risks, including use of third-party cybersecurity 
standardsTC-SI-230a.2 Discussion 
and AnalysisDue to Roper’s decentralized operating structure, Roper’s individual operating businesses are primarily responsible 
for identifying and addressing data security risks. In most cases, Roper businesses utilize independent/separate IT 
infrastructures and, except for certain HR, finance and other legal/compliance functions, generally do not share technical 
resources between operating businesses. The primary exception to this structure is the Roper-wide deployment of an 
industry-leading Managed and Detection Response (MDR) solution across all operating businesses. This greatly reduces 
the risk that an operating business impacted by a security event would impact other Roper operating businesses. 
Section: ESG Governance and Ethics > Data Privacy and Cybersecurity P . 32-33APPENDIX — SASB INDEX (CONTINUED)
(1)  Number of data breaches, 
(2)  percentage involving personally identifiable information 
(PII), 
(3) number of users affected
Recruiting and Managing a Global, Diverse and Skilled Workforce
Percentage of employees that are (1) foreign nationals and 
(2) located offshoreTC-SI-330a.1 Quantitative 1) 2%
2) 14%
Employee engagement as a percentage TC-SI-330a.2 Quantitative Section: Our People > Culture and Employee Engagement P . 12
TC-SI-330a.3 Quantitative Ethnic Group Representation:
Gender Group Representation:
Section: Our People > Diversity, Equity and Inclusion P . 15
*EEO-1 2020 data utilized as it is the most recently available EEO-1 data at the time of report compilation. Data is representative of Roper corporate and Roper operating 
businesses in the U.S. at the time of EEO-1 2020 reporting.
Intellectual Property Protection and Competitive Behavior
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with anticompetitive behavior 
regulationsTC-SI-520a.1 Quantitative There have been no such monetary losses in the reporting period.
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   42APPENDIX — SASB INDEX (CONTINUED)
MANAGEMENT—
ETHINIC DIVERSITY %
Asian
Black or African American
Hispanic or Latino
White
OtherTECHNICAL STAFF—
ETHINIC DIVERSITY %ALL OTHER EMPLOYEES—
ETHINIC DIVERSITY %
83% 71% 58%1%9%
3%
4%3%
10%
7%
9%2%
11%
19%
10%MANAGEMENT—
ETHINIC DIVERSITY %
Asian
Black or African American
Hispanic or Latino
White
OtherTECHNICAL STAFF—
ETHINIC DIVERSITY %ALL OTHER EMPLOYEES—
ETHINIC DIVERSITY %
83% 71% 58%1%9%
3%
4%3%
10%
7%
9%2%
11%
19%
10%
Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group
representation for 
(1) management, 
(2) technical staff, and 
(3) all other employees
ROPER TECHNOLOGIES   //   2021 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT    //   43Managing Systemic Risks from Technology Disruptions
TC-SI-550a.1 Quantitative This information is not centrally tracked at the Roper corporate level. However, any significant impact or outage occurring 
at an operating business is communicated to Roper corporate staff. There were no material performance or service 
disruptions to customers known to Roper during 2021.
*Two of the four Roper operating business segments are applicable to IT Services and Software Services Activity Metrics—Application Software and Network Software and Systems.  
Description of business continuity risks related to disruptions 
of operationsTC-SI-550a.2 Discussion 
and AnalysisEach of Roper’s operating businesses maintain a disaster recovery plan to maintain continuity of operations. The plans 
are tested at least yearly and account for business interruptions related to cyber events as well. In addition to continuity 
planning, daily backups are maintained, tested at least quarterly, and are ransomware resilient.
Section: ESG Governance and Ethics > Business Continuity P . 35
Activity Metrics
TC-SI-000.A Quantitative Applicable Roper operating businesses track this information at the business level and differ in reporting methods.
TC-SI-000.B Quantitative Roper’s operating businesses maintain separate processing capacity based on the needs of their businesses. Beyond 
processing capacity necessary for ordinary support functions such as human resources and record keeping, Roper does 
not maintain or use a material amount of data processing capacity at the corporate level.
TC-SI-000.C Quantitative Due to Roper’s decentralized governance structure and diversity of its operating businesses, each business is responsible 
for developing and implementing its own policies for the collection and management of data. This information is not 
centrally tracked at the Roper corporate level. Cloud transition and transformation has been a focus at Roper and 
our businesses are increasingly utilizing AWS, Azure GCP , and other cloud platforms. A significant portion of Roper’s 
business units that offer SaaS business solutions leverage cloud platforms to host customer information, applications, 
and/or enterprise infrastructure. We expect Roper’s operating businesses will continue to transition to cloud platforms 
over time to continue to aid in the reduction of our carbon footprint.APPENDIX — SASB INDEX (CONTINUED)
Number of 
(1) performance issues and 
(2) service disruptions; 
(3) total customer downtime
(1) Data processing capacity, 
(2) percentage outsourced
(1) Amount of data storage, 
(2) percentage outsourced(1) Number of licenses or subscriptions, 
(2) percentage cloud based