2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS1
SUSTAINABILΙTY 
REPORT
2020
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS2 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 3
 Letter from our CEO 4
2.1  Our Values, Vision, Mission & Strategies Core values 8
 Our mission  10
 Our vision  10
 Our Strategies 11
2.2  Navigating through time – 60 years of ship management 12
3.1  Summary of Company Policies  18
3.2  Strong Internal Controls 24
3.3  Alignment with UN SDGs 26
4  Achieving sustainable economic growth 29
5.1  Constantly improved records on Health and Safety 33
 Operational excellence in numbers  34
5.2  Optimization of our procurement processes 36
5.3  Investing in Energy Saving Devices 37
6.1  Installation of EGCS  39
6.2  Installation of BWTS 40
6.3  Beyond Compulsory Compliance  41
6.3.1   Washwater Analysis Campaign  41
6.3.2   Scrubber operation below regulation limits  436.3.3  MARPOL Proactive system 43
6.3.4  Environmental impact of our on-shore activity 44
6.4 Emissions Profile CO2 Emissions  45
6.5 Compliance with EU MRV & IMO DCS 48
7.1 Our seafarers 50
7.2 Crew changes amidst the pandemic 52
7.3 Endorsement of the Neptune Declaration 53
7.4 Improving ship to shore communication  54
7.5 Training program for our seafarers 54
7.6 Our shore-based personnel 55
7.7 Response to COVID-19 pandemic 56
7.8 Donations for COVID-19  57
7.9 Safe Bulkers scholarship program 57
8.1 Fleet Renewal and Newbuilding Program 59
8.2 Upgrading our fleet 59
8.3 Digitalization  60
 Appendix A: Sustainability Accounting Standards  
 Board (SASB) marine transportation material issues 64
 Contact Information  65Contents
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS3United Nations  
Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs)
SAFE BULKERS AND UN SDGs
Addressing the United Nations Sustainable  
Development Goals
The United Nations adopted the Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs) to achieve significant progress on global economic, social and 
environmental challenges by 2030. Although directed at governments, 
the private sector and civil society play an important role in supporting 
governments’ national plans. Safe Bulkers contributes to certain aspects 
of all 17 SDGs. In this report, we feature six SDGs to which Safe Bulkers is 
making significant contributions. For additional information, visit the 2020 
Sustainability Report content index.
Explore how Safe Bulkers contributes.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS4Letter from our CEOOur company’s culture, performance, mission, values have been 
developed over many shipping cycles since 1958, when my family 
invested in shipping for the first time. We understood very quickly the 
importance of holistic development which includes not only the business 
aspects, i.e. shipping investments, financial performance, reliability, 
etc. but also their impact on our personnel, on our society, on the 
environment where we all live. 
A compass for our business all these years has been the provision of 
outstanding services to our clients, through the quality of our vessels 
and our operational excellence. This tradition of excellence has been the 
cornerstone of the environmental and social governance policies of Safe 
Bulkers Inc. to which we adhere today, in our effort to build a sustainable, 
resilient and responsible company.
Our industry’s regulatory environment is becoming exponentially 
complex and includes regulations of the United States of America, the 
European Union the United Nations’ International Maritime Organization 
and others. In the foreseeable future, we expect the trend of increasing 
regulatory compliance complexity to continue. 
The focus of such regulations is shifted to address one of the biggest 
threats that the humanity has to face, i.e. climate change and the 
importance to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Our company, through selective actions managed to promote its 
social footprint, develop its personnel, assist local societies, undertook 
environmental investments to early adopt the IMO ballast water 
convention, or to invest in exhaust gas cleaning devices for sulphur oxide 
emissions and continues to take actions for reduction of greenhouse gas 
emissions footprint through new investments in the most energy efficient 
newbulids or improvements on existing fleet.
With these thoughts, I proudly present our 2020 Environment, Social and 
Governance report, which provides information about our actions and 
sustainability performance.
Polys V. Hajioannou

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS5
02
ABOUT US
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS63.8 mil. 
tonnes DWT22 mil. tonnes
of cargo carried in 2020
4 offices 
in 4 countriesUSD 198mil. 
Net revenue in 2020
10.1 
Average fleet age20% 
fleet growth since 2015
809 
ports called in 2020>2.7 mil. miles 
covered in 20201000 
shore and sea based employees
SB 
Listed on NYSE42 
vesselsSafe Bulkers Inc. (the “Company”) is an international provider of marine  
dry-bulk transportation services, transporting primarily grain, coal and  
iron ore, worldwide.We are listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trade under the 
symbol “SB”.  As of December 31st 2020, our fleet comprised 42 vessels, 
with an average age of 10.1 years and an aggregate carrying capacity  
of 3.8 million DWT.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS7As of December 31st 2020,  
we owned 14 Panamax, 10 
Kamsarmax, 14 Post-Panamax  
& 4 Capesize class vessels.
We are responsible for the day-to-day operation of all our vessels, 
including chartering, marine operations, technical maintenance, 
crewing (manning of our vessels and training of our seafarers), 
supplies (provisions and spares), health and safety, and operational 
and environmental performance.14 Post-Panamax
10 Kamsarmax
14 Panamax4 Capesize
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS8
2.1 Our Values, Vision, Mission  
 & Strategies Core values
Safety comes first:
We value first and foremost, the safety and health of our 
seafarers.
Build relationships: 
We are a global shipping company providing worldwide 
seaborne transportation services in the dry bulk sector 
delivering beyond the expectations of shipyards, charterers 
and financial institutions to advance our business and create 
value for our shareholders. We hold true to a legacy with an 
uninterrupted presence throughout several shipping cycles 
over 60 years as a proud successor to a business that first 
invested in shipping in 1958. 
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS9
Do the right thing: 
We act with integrity, transparency, accountability and 
uncompromising honesty, using a solid moral compass.
Get it done: 
We overcome obstacles and find solutions of exceptional 
execution and precision, rewarding those who deliver great 
outcomes.
Substance over form: 
We focus on substance, using common sense and simplicity, 
measuring our performance against a tradition of excellence 
spreading over 60 years. 
Be humble: 
We plan on a long-term scale inspired by humility and driven 
by ambition. 
Elevate others: 
We like problem solvers and people who enjoy making their 
team feel appreciated and valued.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS10
To constantly exceed 
our customer needs 
by safely and efficiently 
transporting dry bulk 
cargoes worldwide.
To become one of the most  
competitive providers of marine  
dry bulk transportation services  
in the world and maintain our  
reputation built over 60 years of  
conducting business as one of the 
most reliable and consistent, pure  
dry bulk companies.Our mission
Our vision
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS11
Our Strategies
Pursue a balanced and adaptive chartering strategy
Operate our vessels at highest standards and achieve 
operational excellence
Maintain, upgrade and timely renew our fleet at  
the forefront of technology, targeting the lowest  
environmental impact and the provision of the  
best service to our clients
Strong balance sheet with optimum capital  
structure
Maintain a pool of well-trained seafarers and office  
personnel at highest working standards and well-being
Hands-on lean management
Capitalize on track record and relationships
Advance our corporate governance and  
transparency
Our strategies are designed  
to create value for our shareholders
SAFE  BULKERS122.2 Navigating through time – 60 years  
 of ship management
Being a successor to a 
company first established 
in 1958, we hold true to our 
legacy with a successful and 
uninterrupted presence in 
shipping throughout multiple 
shipping cycles.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS13
1972 1994
20132019
20202020
20211993
2008 20151965 1958
Acquisition of 
four tweendecker 
vesselsEstablishment of 
our management 
company Safety 
Management 
Overseas S.A
Ordering 11 ECO 
design shipsEGCS and BWTS 
retrofit projectsOrder of first two 
newbuilding vessels
Safe Bulkers listing on 
NYSE, trading under 
the symbol ‘SB’Ordering of 8 EEDI 
Phase 3 newbuilding 
vesselsEstablishment of 
our management 
company, Safe 
Bulkers Management 
Ltd. in CyprusEstablishment of 
Alassia Steamship 
Company Ltd.First investment 
in shipping 
by the Vassos 
Hajionannou 
family
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS14RESPONSIBLE
GOVERNANCE
03

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS15Our senior management team, led by Polys Hajioannou is composed of 
seven corporate officers with a cumulative maritime experience of more  
than 120 years.
Polys Hajioannou
has been the Chief Executive Officer of Safe Bulkers Inc. and Chairman 
of the Board of Directors since the Company’s inception. His experience 
of over 30 years starts back in 1987 when he joined Alassia Steamship 
Co. Ltd. His business drive continued unwaveringly when in 1994 he 
established Safety Management Overseas S.A. in Piraeus, Safe Bulkers 
Inc in 2007 which was listed in NYSE in 2008, and in 2015, Safe Bulkers 
Management in Limassol.
Dr. Loukas Barmparis
has been the President of Safe Bulkers Inc. and Secretary of the Board  
of Directors since the Company’s inception. 
He has over 30 years of technical, financial and project management  
experience, 15 of which in the shipping industry.

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS16Frank Sica
has been a member of the Board of Directors, the Corporate Governance 
Nominating and Compensation Committee, and Chairman of the Audit 
Committee of Safe Bulkers Inc., since the Company’s inception. 
Mr. Sica, has a vast experience of over 35 years as managing director in a 
plethora of industries, from real estate, software and commercial airlines 
to investment funds, private and investment banking.Konstantinos Adamopoulos
has been the Chief Financial Officer of Safe Bulkers Inc. 
and member of the Board of Directors since the Company’s inception. 
He has over 30 years of shipping experience including 16 years in 
international financing institutions.
Ioannis Foteinos
has been the Chief Operating Officer of Safe Bulkers Inc. and member  
of the Board of Directors since February 2009. 
He has over 30 years of shipping and chartering experience.

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS17Christos Megalou
has been a member of the Board of Directors, the Audit and Corporate 
Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee of Safe Bulkers 
Inc., since 2016. Mr. Megalou, has a vast experience of over 35 years in 
investment banking. 
He is chief executive officer in leading banking institutions in Greece and 
has been managing director in investment banking divisions worldwide.
Ole Wikborg
has been a member of the board of directors, the Audit Committee and 
Chairman of the Corporate Governance, Nominating and Compensation 
Committee of Safe Bulkers Inc., since the Company’s inception. 
Mr Wikborg has a vast experience of over 35 years in the marine and 
shipping industry as a managing director and president for marine 
insurance companies.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS18
3.1 Summary of Company Policies
In the context of Social Responsibility 
and Corporate Governance, the 
Board of Directors of Safe Bulkers, 
Inc. has adopted Company policies 
presented below in brief, for all of the 
Company’s employees, directors,  
officers and agents.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS19Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
In order for the Company to promote a business culture of honesty, 
fairness and ethical behavior and to encourage employees to report 
evidence of illegal or unethical behavior, the Company has adopted the 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Safe Bulkers’ officers endeavor 
to deal honestly, ethically and fairly with the Company’s customers, 
suppliers, competitors and are urged to maintain the highest degree  
of confidentiality complying with the various laws, rules and regulations 
of the countries and regulatory authorities that affect the Company’s 
business. Our Management setting the tone at the top promotes a 
culture of zero tolerance towards fraud, unfair advantage, manipulation, 
concealment, abuse of privileged proprietary and confidential 
information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other unfair-
dealing practice. All such cases are reported directly to the independent 
Audit Committee of the Company. The Company at every instance 
promotes honest conduct that is free from fraud or deception and ethical 
conduct conforming to accepted professional standards of conduct and 
does not retaliate or allow any form of retaliation for reports made. 
Ethics and Whistleblowing Policy
This policy outlines the Company’s principles with respect to receiving 
and retaining information about and treating alleged incidents involving 
the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or 
auditing matters and details procedures for officers to report incidents 
involving the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls 
or auditing matters and describes actions to be taken by the Company. 
To that end, the Company has established a dedicated Whistleblower 
and Ethics Hotline for all inquiries to report possible misconduct related 
accessible only to the Company’s independent Audit Committee 
members.

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS20Corporate Information Security Policy
The purpose of this policy is to formulate, develop, document, train and 
communicate policies, procedures, control mechanisms and standards 
governing key IT function activities and protection of key IT systems and 
infrastructure from operational, cyber, physical access and other risks. 
Periodic independent review of such policy, procedures, and controls 
is performed to assure such policy remains commensurate with risks 
involved in the Company’s operations. 
Disclosure Policy
It is the policy of the Company to provide timely, transparent, consistent 
and credible information to the investing public in conformity with legal 
and regulatory requirements. These disclosure guidelines set forth the 
Company’s intentions regarding how employees, officers, directors, 
agents and affiliates of the Company may communicate with outside 
parties, particularly securities market professionals and those who may 
own or trade in our stock.
The goal of these disclosure guidelines is to develop and maintain 
realistic investor expectations by making all required disclosures on 
a broadly disseminated basis as required by the rules and regulations 
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the New York Stock 
Exchange -listed company disclosure requirements, and any laws that 
the Company may be subject to.

SAFE  BULKERS21Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and  
Anti-Bribery Policy
The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (FCPA) is a United States 
federal law known primarily for two of its main provisions, one that 
concerns bribery of foreign officials, and another that addresses 
accounting transparency requirements under the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934. The FCPA makes it unlawful to bribe foreign government 
officials to obtain or retain business. It is the Company’s policy to strictly 
adhere to the requirements of the FCPA and the anti-bribery laws of all 
jurisdictions in which the Company conducts its business. The Company 
is committed to the highest possible standards of openness, probity, 
and accountability in all its affairs through the creation of the appropriate 
“tone at the top.” It is determined to maintain a culture of honesty and 
opposition to fraud and corruption, reinforced through the establishment 
and maintenance of an effective system of internal controls. In line with 
that commitment, the Company’s FCPA Policy outlines the principles 
it is committed to in relation to preventing and reporting fraud and 
corruption.
We had zero legal and regulatory fines and settlements associated with 
bribery and corruption in 2020, or any year before that.Social Media Policy
Social media is an essential tool for communicating with our family and 
friends. Social media platforms and many others are fantastic for keeping 
in touch, sharing information and general entertainment. The Company 
has come up with a few guidelines and a social media check-list to 
provide helpful and practical advice for its seafarers and office personnel 
when operating on the internet as an identifiable employee of the 
Company. Social media is an innovation available to seafarers. It can close 
the distance between ship and shore and bring their family into their 
cabin and if used carefully and sensibly, it can enhance the quality  
of life on board.
European Union data protection law in the form of 
the General Data Protection Regulation, (GDPR) 
We are dedicated to protecting the confidentiality and privacy of 
information entrusted to us and comply with Personal Data Privacy 
legislation as currently in force. To that end we have adopted a Data 
Protection Policy for Privacy and Protections of Personal Data describing 
and informing our shore employees and seafarers, candidates and third 
parties what information we may collect directly or by cooperation 
with any third party, how we collect, store, use, share and protect the 
information/personal data that we obtain. Furthermore, we inform all 
interested parties about their rights over their personal data such as the 
right to be informed and right to gain access to the data being processed, 
the right to erasure or right to be forgotten, right to portability, right not 
be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, right 
to object to the processing of personal data and to rectify the data 
processed if relevant. As part of this fundamental obligation, we are 
committed to the appropriate protection and use of personal information/
data. Generally, our intent is to collect only the personal information that 
is provided voluntarily by Seafarers for employment purposes.  
We recognize and respect the privacy of our applicants, current 
employees and former employees. 

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS22Environmental Policy
We recognize our responsibility to safeguard the environment and give 
great prominence to improving our environmental performance. To this 
end, we have implemented an Environmental Management System whose 
pillars are shown below: 
Ensuring that all vessels under our management comply with 
all environmental regulations 
Constantly evaluating our environmental performance for 
continuous improvement and prevention of any kind of 
pollution by setting and reviewing environmental targets.
Reducing our carbon footprint by investing in new building 
vessels, energy saving devices, new sensor technologies and 
emission abatement technologies.
Reducing to the extent possible garbage produced from  
our ships and promote recycling practices to our offices
Raising the environmental consciousness of our personnel 
and investing in their training in environmental programs
We regularly review our environmental policy, ensuring that it is up to 
date with our operation’s scale and potential environmental impacts.  
Our environmental policy is made public on-board all our vessels in an 
effort to increase the environmental awareness of our crew.
Safety and Health Policy
It is our policy to promote safety at sea, health and prevention of human 
injury, illness or loss of life and avoidance of damage to the environment, 
particularly the marine environment and property.  
The Company’s objectives regarding Safety Management are:
To provide for Safe Practices in ship Operation and a safe 
working environment.
To prevent damage to the ship, her cargo and the 
environment.
To assess all identified risks to its ships, personnel and the 
environment and establish appropriate safeguards.
To prevent loss of human life and personal injury or illness.
To continuously improve Safety Management skills of 
personnel ashore and aboard ships, including preparing 
for emergencies related both to Safety & Environmental 
Protection.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS23
Non-Harassment Policy
We are committed to the elimination of harassment and bullying and to 
ensuring a working environment in which everyone is respected. In order 
to tackle harassment and bullying, the Company actively encourages 
its seafarers to bring incidents, including those that affect others, to its 
attention without delay, adopting reporting procedures conducted in 
absolute confidentiality, in which all seafarers should have confidence.
No Company employee shall harass or bully another Company employee. 
All seafarers have the right to work without suffering harassment and 
bullying. For the dignity and well-being of all seafarers, the Company 
is committed to the elimination of harassment and bullying in vessels 
and to ensuring a working environment in which everyone is respected. 
Harassment and bullying are examples of conduct that is unwanted 
and can have detrimental impacts, including stress, lack of motivation, 
reduced work performance, absence from duties and resignations. 
In order to tackle harassment and bullying, the Company actively 
encourages its seafarers to bring incidents, including those that affect 
others, to its attention without delay, adopting reporting procedures 
conducted in absolute confidentiality, in which all seafarers should have 
confidence.
Non-alcohol policy
It is the Company’s policy that no seafarer, in whatever capacity or rank, 
shall undertake duties, or operate any equipment, or navigate a vessel 
while under the influence of drugs or alcohol or while there is any risk  
of impairment.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS243.2  Strong Internal Controls
Risk Management
Our risks are identified in detail in our Annual Report in Form 20F and 
consist of risks inherent to our industry and business, risks in relation  
to our stock and tax risks. 
We assess operational risks on a quarterly basis adopting necessary risk 
mitigation measures to ensure undisrupted operation of our business 
activities. 
Our philosophy is that mistakes are not a sign of weakness but an 
opportunity for constant improvement. The most important operational 
risks that our Company faced during 2020 are listed below:
Operational and technical 
risks affecting our vessels01 02 03 04
Environmental compliance 
especially with new 
equipment (Scrubbers) 
or use of Very Low Sulfur 
Fuel oilCOVID-19 related risks  
(crew changes, supplies)Cyber security
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS25
Securities Exchange Commission Rules and 
Regulations - Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
We adhere to the highest accounting and reporting standards complying 
with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, and the other rules and regulations of the SEC, including 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Compliance with certain corporate 
governance requirements and financial reporting obligations, such as 
the systems and processes evaluation and testing of our internal control 
over financial reporting, which allow management to report on the 
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required 
by Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is time consuming for our 
management and increases legal and compliance costs. 
Disclosure controls and Procedures
Our Management evaluates the effectiveness of the design and operation 
of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) 
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act constantly throughout the year and 
report on an annual basis. 
In making its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting 
on an annual basis, management is using the criteria set forth in Internal 
Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission of 2013 (“COSO”).
Management concluded that, as of December 31st, 2020, our internal 
control over financial reporting was effective. Deloitte Certified Public 
Accountants S.A. (“Deloitte”), our independent registered public 
accounting firm, has audited the financial statements and our internal 
control over financial reporting and has issued an attestation report on 
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of 
December 31st, 2020.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS263.3 Alignment with UN SDGs
In 2015, the United Nations adopted a number of Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs),  which provide the pathway for a more 
sustainable future. These goals address the most critical challenges of 
our time, such as eradicating poverty, creating equal access to education, 
preserving the environment and stopping climate change. 
While we support all of the SDGs, we are mainly focused on six of them, 
which we believe are the most relevant to our business and for which we 
could potentially contribute:

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS27We give great significance to the training 
and education of our on-board and on-shore 
employees. In this context, we have created 
a modern training program for our seafarers 
in safety-related items and announced a 
scholarship program.We provide stable employment and health 
insurance to over 1000 seafarers and on-shore 
employees.We cultivate innovation by operating one of 
the most modern fleets. We invest in new 
technologies, energy efficiency devices and 
performance monitoring systems.
We contribute to climate action by investing in 
SOx and NOx abatement technologies. Also, 
with our extensive fleet renewal program, we 
reduce the carbon footprint of our vessels.We have invested in water ballast treatment 
systems and carried out an extensive water 
analysis campaign to assess the quality of EGCS 
washwater discharges at sea.We are affiliated with HELMEPA and CYMEPA, 
the voluntary associations of Greek & Cypriot 
seafarers and ship owners to safeguard the 
seas from ship-generated pollution. We are also 
members of the Clean Shipping Alliance, whose 
mission is to provide information and data on 
the environmental performance and benefits of 
open-loop scrubbers.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS28ACHIEVING  
SUSTAINABLE  
ECONOMIC  
GROWTH
04

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS29Safe Bulkers navigated through the rough seas of the 
pandemic successfully.
The downturn of the shipping market due to the pandemic  
is reflected in the TCE rate, which dropped to USD 10,559  
for 2020 from USD 12,805, in 2019.
2019 and 2020 were the culmination years for our EGCS and 
BWTS retrofit projects, which introduced a significant amount 
of idle days in drydocks.
Net Revenues of 2020, amounted to $198.2 mil. USD, 
compared to $197.8 during 2019.
We remained loyal to our lean-operations principle, keeping 
our daily OPEX stable despite the:
 High number of drydockings
 Operation of EGCS and BWTS systems
 Increased cost of crew changes due to the pandemic
 High initial cost of compliant fuel4. Achieving sustainable  
 economic growth

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS30We employed our vessels mostly on 
time-charter contracts. 
Our revenues over the last six years 
are shown in the table below.
Table 1: 
Revenues over the  
last 6 years
USD 206.0 mil
Revenues in 2020USD 10,559 
TCE rate in 2020
USD 4,591
Daily OPEX in 2020
Revenues  
[mill. USD]2015
132.4 114.0 154.0 201.5 206.7 206.02017 2019 2016 2018 2020
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS31Green Investments 
We acknowledge that environmental conservation is crucial for our 
survival not only as a shipping company but also as individuals. In this 
context, we have embarked on an extensive ecological investment 
program mainly focused on the early adoption of Ballast Water Treatment 
Systems (BWTS) and voluntary installation of Sulphur Oxides (SOx) 
Exhaust Gas Cleaning Systems (EGCS), known as scrubbers in half of our 
fleet, mainly on the higher DWT vessels. Our Green Investments, as of 
December 31st 2020, amounted to USD 67.2 million. Currently, we operate 
20 vessels fitted with EGCS and 31 vessels with BWTS.
We have also launched an extensive ongoing fleet renewal program, 
selling our older and less efficient vessels and investing in more modern 
and efficient second-hand vessels and state-of-the-art Japanese built 
newbuilding vessels. 
Our orderbook as of today is comprised of five Kamsarmax and three 
Post-Panamax vessels scheduled to be delivered between 2022 and 2024. 
All our newbuild vessels on order are Japanese and designed with energy 
and power-saving features to meet the latest GHG emissions ‘EEDI, Phase 
3’ requirements and comply with IMO’s NOx Tier III regulations.CAPEX 
Invested  
(mil. USD) 2018
3.5
5.0
8.5BWTS
SOx Scrubbers
Total4.1
38.8
42.96.1
9.7
15.82020 2019Table 2: 
Green  
investments

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS32OPERATIONAL  
EXCELLENCE
05

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS335.1 Constantly improved records  
 on Health and Safety
We strive to constantly improve operational and environmental 
performance across our business. To achieve this, we conduct regular 
internal audits, on-board inspections, monitoring and assessing our 
performance through several metrics.
We carry out internal audit on each vessel to ensure full 
compliance with environmental and safety rules and 
regulations.
Our company policy is to carry out ship visits both by 
technical and marine superintendents. To tackle the 
travelling difficulties imposed by the pandemic, we employed 
reputable external surveyors to board and inspect our 
vessels.
We are certified with ISO 50001  standard for energy 
management and ISO 14001  for environmental management.

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS34Operational excellence  
in numbers
In the past three years, we have constantly improved our 
Port State Control (PSC) deficiency per inspection ratio 
and increased the percentage of inspections with zero 
deficiencies.
In 2020, PSC deficiency/inspection ratio dropped by 28%  
compared to 2019.
PSC deficiencies dropped by 63%  from 126  in 2019 to 47  in 
2020, while the number of inspections dropped by 50% .
Inspections with zero deficiencies improved by 10%  between 
2019 and 2020.
Zero  fatalities over the last 3 years.

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS35Average PSC deficiency / 
inspection ratioAnnual Defficiencies Inspections with zero 
deficiencies
28%
In deficiency/inspection 
ratio year on year63%
In No. of deficiencies 
year on year10%
In percentage of inspections 
with zero deficiencies year on 
year1,79
2018 2019 20201,04
0,75227
126
47
2018 2019 202054%
2018 2019 202061%71%
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS365.2  Optimization of our  
  procurement processes
In an effort to reduce forwarding expenses as well as our indirect  
carbon footprint in every aspect of our operations, we consolidated  
our forwarding activities to achieve efficiency and economy of scale.  
We supplied our vessels with spare parts in bulk orders, considering  
their maintenance needs over the next six months.
In this way, not only did we drastically reduce our forwarding expenses, 
but we also reduced our environmental footprint. Moreover, due to the 
scarcity of flights amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, we transported a 
significant number of spare parts by sea instead of air transport,  
reducing our indirect CO2 emissions.
Efficient Procurement 
process
Bulk orders of spare parts
Utilization of seaborne 
transportation

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS37
5.3  Investing in Energy  
  Saving Devices
As the effects of global warming and climate change become more 
evident, investing in new technologies in the shipping industry becomes 
imperative. Safe Bulkers owns and operates a number of modern, eco-
friendly bulk carriers, with energy efficiency features such as:
Hydrodynamically optimized hull forms and propellers
Energy-saving devices such as the rudder bulb fins and the 
wake equalizing ducts, thrust fins, propeller boss cap fins etc.
Electronically controlled, fuel-efficient two-stroke diesel 
engines.
Sensors for continuous monitoring of the condition  
of machinery
Exhaust Gas Cleaning Systems which drastically reduce SOx 
emissions.
We continue to evaluate options in energy efficiency technologies to 
upgrade our existing fleet. Furthermore, we invest in new technologies 
through our extensive new-building and fleet renewal program. All of 
our newbuilding vessels will be equipped with hydrodynamic energy 
efficiency devices as well as NOx abatement technologies such as 
Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) and Exhaust Gas Recirculation (EGR) 
systems.
Rudder Bulb Fin on M/V TROODOS SUN
Duct and propeller boss cap fin on our newly acquired vessel 
M/VKOULITSA 2
Propeller boss cap fin on M/V PEDHOULAS ROSE
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS38THE  
ENVIRONMENT
06

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS396.1 Installation of EGCS
The IMO 2020 regulation mandated that from January 1st 2020, the global 
upper limit on the sulfur content of ship’s fuel oil is capped at 0.5%.  
In certain sulfur Emission Control Areas, this limit is further reduced to 
0.1%. There are two ways to comply with the new regulations, either by 
using compliant fuel with 0.5% Sulphur content or by installing an Exhaust 
Gas Cleaning System (EGCS). Safe Bulkers decided to comply with the 
new sulfur emissions-related regulation by adopting a mixed,  
risk mitigating strategy. 
We retrofitted 20 of our vessels (12 Post-Panamax vessels, 6 Kamsarmax 
vessels and 2 Capesize vessels) with Alfa Laval PureSOx open-loop 
exhaust gas cleaning systems, while the rest of our vessels are burning 
compliant fuel. In this way, we hedged the risk of compliant fuel prices 
while remaining at the forefront of environmentally friendly technologies. 
Open-loop scrubber systems use seawater to reduce the sulfur content of 
exhaust gasses. The processed water is then discharged overboard,  
in compliance with IMO 2020 regulations.
Scrubber retrofitting proved to be a very demanding project in both 
technical and operational terms. All retrofit projects were supervised by 
our in-house engineering team, which oversaw their successful and timely 
installation and commission. As of December 31st 2020, 50% of our fleet 
was equipped with PureSOx exhaust gas cleaning systems.

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS406.2  Installation of BWTS
When a ship is not laden, it uses ballast water to increase its draught and 
ensure complete propeller immersion. When ballast water is discharged 
back into the sea, invasive species may be unintentionally introduced 
to new habitats, destabilizing marine life. To counteract this IMO has 
enacted the Ballast Water Management Convention, which mandates 
that all vessels in international trade should manage their ballast water. 
Continuous ballast exchange is one way of temporary compliance with 
the regulations, but eventually, all ships need to install a system to treat 
EGCS and BWTS  
installation timeframetheir ballast water before releasing it back to the sea. Further to detailed 
evaluation, Safe Bulkers has decided the fleetwide installation of Erma 
First Ballast Water treatment systems. Erma First BWTS became the first 
full flow electrolysis system worldwide to receive the United States Coast 
Guard type approval certificate in October 2017. As of December 31st 
2020, we have installed BWTS in 31 of our vessels, with very satisfactory 
results.
EGCS BWTS0246810
Q3 2014
25
Q2 2012
Q1 209
4
Q4 1945
Q3 1912
Q2 19
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS416.3  Beyond Compulsory   
  Compliance
6.3.1 Washwater Analysis Campaign
There has been much discussion regarding the quality of effluent water 
discharges by open-loop scrubbers. To alleviate these concerns, Safe 
Bulkers conducted a comprehensive sampling campaign to obtain data 
on washwater discharges from EGCSs, following the American Bureau of 
Shipping guidelines. The goal of this project was to assess any potential 
environmental impact of open-loop EGCSs and provide the IMO with the 
data obtained. Water discharges from 19 of our vessels were sampled and 
analyzed between July 2019 and December 2020. Analyses were carried 
out by independent laboratories, using EPA or ISO methods.  
The following washwater parameters were examined:
Acidity - pH
Polycyclic Aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) (mg/L)
Turbidity (FNU)
Nitrates (mg/L)
Additives or other substances

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS42As far as additives and other substances are concerned, inlet and 
discharge water was analyzed for a total of ten (10) dissolved metals. 
Results showed very low or undetectable concentrations in both streams, 
inlet and wash water outlet. Increase of concentrations in wash water was 
either non-existent or marginal demonstrating that open loop scrubber 
wash water does not affect the marine environment. It should be noted 
that analysis and monitoring of such substances was performed for 
reference purposes only, on a voluntary basis, since no specific discharge 
limits have been established.Parameter Limit
Min. 2,7 3,97 2,87 5,94
Max. 50 0,875 <0.1 7
Max. 45* 2,15 <0.1 14,4
Max. 25 5,16 1 21,2Acidity (pH)
PAH (mg/L)
Nitrates (mg/L)
Turbidity (FNU)Average Value Minimum Maximum
*Maximum limit differs for each vessel. Average upper limit was 45 mg/LResults are summarised in the table below:

SAFE  BULKERS436.3.2 Scrubber operation below  
   regulation limits6.3.3 MARPOL Proactive system
Moreover, we operate our EGCS well below ECA mode (0.1% Sulphur  
in the final emissions) at all times, even though the limit in most areas  
is 0.5%. In this way, our EGCS fitted vessels produce 8 times fewer  
sulfur emissions to the atmosphere compared to similar vessels  
burning compliant fuel.We have established a proactive system to prevent the violation of any 
environmental rule or regulation in our vessels. To this end:
We have installed CCTV cameras, monitoring certain engine 
room areas where such violations might take place
We have established a ship-specific tag-sealing system that is 
monitored by our on-shore personnel and inspected during 
ship visits.
Our engineers conduct environmental audits during ship 
visits. 
Maintain a rigorous on-board environmental training program

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS446.3.4 Environmental impact of our  
  on-shore activity
Our office water consumption per employee was reduced by 14.5% year 
to year, while our electricity consumption per employee was reduced by 
12.5% compared to 2019.
2019 2020 2019 2020Office Fresh Water Consumption / Employee Office Electricity Consumption/ EmployeeCubic meters/office employee
kWh/office employee4,39
3,76
1308,6
1144,7
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS456.4  Emissions Profile  
  CO2 Emissions
We measure our operation’s transport energy efficiency and carbon 
intensity using the Annual Efficiency Ratio (AER, IMO DCS method).  
In 2020, we managed to reduce the AER of our fleet by 3.7 % compared 
to 2019. The reduction of AER is attributed to: i) increased transport work 
in 2020 by 3.2% compared to 2019 due to lower number of dry-dockings 
and related idle days and ii) reduced fuel consumption in 2020 by 5% 
compared to 2019 due to improved hull efficiency because of the  
dry-dockings.
Our fleet highlights in term of Energy Efficiency and Carbon Intensity in 2020
3.7%
in AER (gr/tn nm)3.2%
in transport work (tn nm)5.0%
Fuel Cons./ distance (tn/nm)
869,500 
tonnes of CO2 emmitted11,403TJ 
energy consumed
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS4601 23 4
Evolution of AER per vessel size
We managed to reduce the Annual Efficiency Ratio for every segment  
of our fleet. The most notable improvement was observed at our 
Capesize vessels, where AER dropped by 8.24%.
AER for 2019 and 2020 per vessel size  
(IMO DCS method)
Post-Panamax
Kamsarmax
PanamaxCapesize8.24%
2.35%
3.17%3.41%
2019 2020
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS47SOx emissions NOX Emissions
In 2020 a drastic reduction in Sulphur Oxide (SOX) emissions was 
recorded due to the IMO Sulphur Cap. Sulfur oxide emissions produced 
by our fleet in 2020 amounted to 1,404 tonnes, reduced by 75% compared 
to 2019. This drastic reduction is attributed partly to the adoption of 
compliant fuel by half of our fleet and, more importantly, to the operation 
of our scrubbers, which operate below 0.1% Sulfur equivalent fuel level, 
which is five times lower than the limit imposed by the regulation.Nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions produced by marine diesel engines are 
solely dependent on engine technology. Marine engines are categorized 
on Tiers, namely Tier I, Tier II, Tier III, in relation to the NOx emissions they 
produce. All ships with a keel-laying date later than January 1st 2016 have 
to comply with the IMO Tier III regulation. Currently, we operate vessels 
equipped with Tier I and Tier II engines. NOx emissions produced by our 
fleet amounted to 18,150 tonnes in 2020. As our eight newbuild vessels, 
which are Tier III compliant (abatement technologies such as EGR or 
SCR, achieving a 75% NOx reduction compared to Tier I) will be gradually 
delivered from 2022 to 2024, we expect to observe a significant reduction 
on NOx emissions.
20190100020003000400050006000
2020
75%in SOχ emissions 
year on yearTons of SOx emmited1404
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS486.5  Compliance with EU MRV  
 & IMO DCS
We have achieved full compliance with the IMO DCS and the EU MRV 
regulations. We monitor our consumption emission footprint through  
a standardized, strict and structured process to ensure consistency and 
accuracy in our reporting. In addition, our vessels sailing from and to EU 
ports are subject to third-party verification by an accredited verifier.

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS49OUR  
PEOPLE
07

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS507.1 Our seafarers
Our pool of sea personnel consists of 1500 seafarers, about 800 of whom 
currently serve on-board our vessels. We manage the manning of our 
fleet in close cooperation with long-established manning agents, which 
assists us in the recruitment of highly skilled professionals. We employ 
crew from three (3) different countries and 93% of our seafarers come 
from the Philippines. 
Our goal is to maintain a young yet adequately experienced crew.  
In 2020, the average officer age was 44 years. We strive to keep high 
retention rates and reward our seafarers with competitive salaries related 
to their performance and their repeated service with us.
In 2020 the crew 
salaries, bonuses and 
social security expenses 
amounted to over USD 
32 mil.Seafarers’ Nationality distribution
Officers’ age distribution93%
Filippino
5% 
20-30
25% 
30-40
46% 
40-50
23% 
50-60
1% 
61+4% 
Vietnamese
3%
Greek93% 
of our seafarers 
come from 
the Philippines
Average 
officer age:
44 years
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS51Working on-board involves intense physical labor, sometimes under 
extreme weather conditions, limited recreational activities and living  
in confined space. 
The latter became much more intense during the COVID-19 pandemic.  
At the same time, seafarers are the backbone of proper and safe 
operation and maintenance of our ships. 
We are devoted to supporting the physical and mental well-being  
of our seafarers. To this end, we have equipped our vessels with Wi-Fi 
connection, gym equipment and other recreational facilities. We have 
also established a private insurance scheme for our officers and their 
immediate family members. 
Moreover, since the pandemic outbreak, we have adopted a remote 
medical assistance consultation service that provides our seafarers  
in need with medical advice and diagnosis.We invest in our human capital and do our best to maintain high  
retention rates. 
We try to reemploy seafarers at sisterships to maximize their performance 
and minimize their familiarization period. In 2020, the junior and senior 
officer retention rate was 75% .
44 years 
Average age of our officers
USD 32 mil. 
In crew remunerations
1500  
Pool of seafarersOfficer retention rate
75%Retention rate of Senior 
and Junior officersSenior50%55%60%65%70%75%80%
Junior75% 75%
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS527.2 Crew changes amidst the pandemic
The COVID-19 pandemic had a substantial impact on almost every  
aspect of our operations, with crew changes being the most affected. 
Crew change restrictions at most ports resulted in prolonged serving 
periods. To support our crew in coping with the challenging 2020 
conditions, we adopted several counter-measures:Twenty-four (24) deviations to Manila Bay (Philippines)  
and Vung-Tau (Vietnam) were carried out for crew changes  
at our expense.
On-demand one-to-one remote medical consultation 
service at our expense.
Crew’s internet and telephone allowance to ease 
communication with their families.
Number of Crew Changes in 2020
Jan0100200300400
248
117
100
2115207390394
335
315
197
FebM ar JulA ug Sep OctN ov Dec AprM ay Jun
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS537.3 Endorsement of the  
 Neptune Declaration
Safe Bulkers endorsed the Neptune Declaration on Seafarer Wellbeing 
and Crew Changes to address the unprecedented crew change 
challenges instigated by the pandemic. The Neptune Declaration’s main 
objectives are:
Recognize seafarers as key workers and give them priority 
access to COVID-19 vaccinations
Implement high-standard health protocols
Increase collaboration between ship operators and charterers 
to facilitate crew changes
Ensure airline connectivity between key maritime hubs for 
seafarers
Our CEO actively participated in international forums and panels raising 
awareness about the crew changes crisis proposing realistic solutions 
such as the safe corridor and vaccination provision for crew personnel 
adopted by the Republic of Cyprus. 

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS547.4 Improving ship to shore   
 communication7.5 Training program  
 for our seafarers
Fast and reliable ship-to-shore communication is essential both for 
efficient monitoring of our vessels as well as for our crew’s recreation  
and communication needs. Considering the day-to-day needs of our 
crew for internet access, both for recreation and communication (access 
to social media, video calls etc.), we have invested in a High-Bandwidth, 
High-availability marine communication system. This non-standard 
satellite communication system provides ultimate reliability through a 
dual satellite constellation, using Ka-band with unlimited L -band backup, 
ensuring seamless global mobility. The total investment cost  
for upgrading satellite communications amounted to USD 604,800.We invest in the development of our people and maintain a continuous 
training program. Prior to their embarkation, extensive familiarization 
meetings are carried out where the Company’s policies are presented 
and thoroughly communicated. Moreover, we carry out advanced safety 
training courses, including: 
Fire prevention and firefighting drills
Lifeboat drills
Enclosed space drills
MARPOL requirements and consequences in case of 
deviations/violations

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS557.6 Our shore-based personnel
The operation of our vessels is constantly monitored and supported by  
an on-shore team of skilful employees. We remain devoted to creating 
and maintaining a positive working environment of equal opportunities 
where our employees can perform to the best of their abilities and grow.
The management of our vessels is overseen by about 
100 employees located mainly in Greece and Cyprus and 
employed by our Management Companies.
This corresponds to about 2.4 employees/managed vessel. 
We promote a diversified working environment, having 
increased in 2020 the female to male ratio by 6% compared 
to 2019Continuous improvement of our human capital lies in the very heart of 
our philosophy and working principles. In this respect, all our employees 
receive annual performance appraisals based on the goals set individually 
for each of them. Promotions and performance-based bonuses are 
directly linked to the evaluations’ results. The pleasant and creative 
working environment that we aim to maintain, combined with our 
organization’s career prospects, result in high retention rates.
40% 
of superintendents have 
sea-going experience
95% 
of our employees have 
attended higher education
43.5 years  
average age of our employeesFemale to Male Ratio
2019010%20%30%40%
202029.1%35,6%
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS567.7 Response to COVID-19  
 pandemic
On board 
Introduction of enhanced safety policies to perform the 
necessary crew changes.
Provision of all our vessels with safety equipment such  
as face masks, gloves and disinfectants.
Continuously alerted and educated our on-board personnel 
on safety and health protocols. We supplied our vessels in 
a timely manner with the required spare parts, stores and 
provisions to ensure undisrupted operation.
Active on board vaccination program sponsored by the 
Republic of Cyprus.
Ashore 
Implementation of a “work from home” program for our 
shore-based personnel.
Extended the inhouse coaching team building and one  
to one program by our inhouse coach / psycologist.
Decreased to the extent possible business travel of our office 
employees and employed external surveyors to perform  
on-board attendances to our vessels.
We carry out PCR/Rapid COVID tests to our office personnel 
on a weekly basis.
As of 31/7/2021, vaccination rate amounted to 95% in both 
Cyprus and Athens offices.

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS577.8 Donations for COVID-19
7.9 Safe Bulkers scholarship   
 programAs part of our Social Responsibility program and in response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, Safe Bulkers donated in the region of EUR 200k,  
for rapid antigen tests for the Cyprus National Guard and the Cyprus 
Ministry of shipping and the provision of food packages to students  
living in the UK during COVID-19 lockdown periods.
Investing in human capital lies in the very heart of our principles. In this 
respect, Safe Bulkers has launched a scholarship program consisting of 
five (5) scholarships for naval architecture/shipping law students. Each 
scholarship awards EUR 10,000 annually that will be renewed every year 
based on the participants’ academic merit and financial status.

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS58SAFE BULKERS  
TOWARDS 2030
08

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS598.1 Fleet Renewal and  
 Newbuilding Program8.2 Upgrading our fleet
We have launched an extensive fleet renewal program, selling our old  
and less fuel-efficient vessels and investing in state-of-the-art newbuilding 
vessels. The orders for newbuild vessels were placed in top quality 
Japanese Shipyards. These vessels will have hydrodynamically optimized 
hull forms and will be equipped with energy efficiency devices to meet 
the requirements of EEDI, Phase 3. Moreover, they will be IMO NOX Tier III 
compliant, equipped with NOx abatement technologies such as Selective 
Catalytic Reduction (SCR) or Exhaust Gas Recirculation (EGR). Further to our fleet renewal program, we are also assessing potential 
retrofits that could upgrade our existing fleet in terms of fuel efficiency.  
To this end, we cooperate with key industry players to carry out 
assessment studies and decide which technology is best suited to our 
vessels. Some of the technologies we are evaluating are:
Alternative fuels and biofuels 
Wind assisted propulsion
Wake equalizing ducts
Propeller boss cap fins
Dynamic biofilm protection
Ultra-low friction antifouling coatings
Variable frequency drives in pumps
Voyage performance optimization

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS608.3  Digitalization
Our industry is being transformed as we enter the digital era, the so-
called “Big Data” era. The information that will be provided can be used 
for the optimization of vessel’s operation. Data such as vessel speed, 
consumption and other machinery parameters will be reported and 
closely monitored on a daily basis. Our in-house engineering team will 
analyse the collected data to diagnose problems and prevent machinery 
failures that could potentially disrupt our operations. Safe Bulkers 
recognizes the importance of digitalization in sustainability and takes the 
step forward by launching a program for the digitalization of its fleet.

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS61REPORTING  
STANDARDS, LEGAL  
INFORMATION &  
CAUTIONARY NOTE 
09

2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS62Reporting standards 
We have adopted the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
recommendation for Maritime Transport, alongside additional indicators 
that are materially important to us and our stakeholders. We also support 
the UN Sustainable Development Goals and have focused on areas which 
we believe have the greatest impact. In this content the U.N. Sustainable 
Development Goals and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB) have been mapped in order to help stakeholders easily access  
our key sustainability data. 
Legal information 
This report concerns Safe Bulkers’s activity for the period starting 
January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, unless otherwise indicated, and 
uses quantitative metrics to describe our policies, programs, practices 
and performance. Note that many of the standards and metrics used in 
preparing this report continue to evolve and are based on management 
assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation, but 
should not be considered guarantees. Financial information is reported  
in U.S. dollars. 
Cautionary note
Safe Bulkers Inc., has affiliates, including Safe Bulkers Management Ltd., 
and Safety Management Overseas S.A. For convenience and simplicity, 
those terms (and terms such as corporation, company, our, we and its)  
are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates  
or affiliate groups. Safe Bulkers Inc., is a publicly traded company.  
The New York Stock Exchange is the exchange on which Safe Bulkers 
Inc., common stock (symbol SB) is traded.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS63Certain matters discussed in this report are forward looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
1995, including, among other items, all statements concerning plans, 
objectives, goals, strategies and measures to implement such strategies, 
growth opportunities, competitive positions, budgets, future events or 
performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which 
are other than statements of historical facts. The Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor provisions for 
forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide 
prospective information about their business, which the Company 
desires to take advantage of and is including this cautionary statement 
in connection with this safe harbor legislation. Words such as “believe,” 
“anticipate,” “intends,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “project,” “plan,” “potential,” 
“may,” “should,” “expect,” “pending” and variations of such words and 
similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-
looking statements in this report are based upon various assumptions, 
many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including 
without limitation, examination by the Company’s management of 
historical operating trends, data contained in its records and other data 
available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these 
assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions 
are inherently subject to significant risks, uncertainties and contingencies 
which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company’s control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish 
these expectations, beliefs or projections. Investors are cautioned 
that actual events or results may differ materially from the Company’s 
expectations, express or implied. In addition to these important factors, 
other important factors that, in the Company’s view, could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking 
statements include general dry bulk shipping market conditions, 
fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values; changes in demand in 
the dry bulk shipping industry; changes in governmental rules and 
regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities; general domestic 
and international political conditions; fluctuations in interest rates and 
foreign exchange rates; disruption of shipping routes due to political 
events; risks associated with vessel construction; potential exposure 
or loss from investment in derivative instruments; the COVID-19 global 
pandemic; and the risk factors listed from time to time in the Company’s 
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not 
limited to its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 
31, 2020.
Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. 
The information set forth herein refers only as of the date hereof, and the 
Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update any forward 
looking statements contained in this report.
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS64Appendix A: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB) marine transportation material issues
Category
GHG Emissions
Air Quality
Ecological Impacts
Employee health 
and safety
Business Ethics
Accident and safety 
managementLimit
Global Scope 1 emissions TR-301-01 45
TR-301-02 44, 45, 46, 47, 58, 59
TR-301-03 44
TR-301-07 30, 38TR-301-05 58
TR-301-08 N/ATR-301-04 41, 46
TR-301-12 N/ATR-301-06 N/A
TR-301-09 N/A
TR-301-10 20
TR-301-11 33
TR-301-13 N/A
TR-301-14 34Air emissions for the following pollutants : NOX, SOX, 
and particulate matter (PM)
Shipping duration in marine protected areas and areas of 
protected conservation status
Number of calls at ports in countries that have the 20 lowest rankings 
in Transparency International’s Corruption percentage Index
Number of serious marine incidents
Number of condition of class or recommendation
Number of port-state control deficiencies and detentionsLost time injury ratePercentage of fleet implementing ballast water exchange 
and ballast water treatment
Number and aggregate volume of spills and releases 
to the environment
Amount of legal and regulatory fines and settlements associated with 
bribery and corruptionDescription of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage 
Scope 1 emissions, emission reduction targets and an analysis of 
performance against those targets
Total energy consumed, percentage from HFO, percentage 
from renewables
Energy Efficiency Design Index for new shipsCode Page Reference
2020 | SUSTAINABILITY REPORTSAFE  BULKERS65Contact Information
Dr. Loukas Barmparis
President
Safe Bulkers, Inc. 
e-mail: directors@safebulkers.com  
Tel: +30 2 111 888 400 | +357 25 887 200
Investor Relations / Media Contact:
Nicolas Bornozis 
President
Capital Link, Inc. 
230 Park Avenue, Suite 1536 
New York, N.Y. 10169 
Tel.: (212) 661-7566 
Fax: (212) 661-7526 
E-Mail: safebulkers@capitallink.comPrincipal Executive office Safe Bulkers, Inc.
Apt. D11, Les Acanthes 
6, Avenue des Citronniers  
MC98000, Monaco
Management Company in Cyprus
Safe Bulkers Management LTD.
71 Agias Fylaxeos& Arch. Makariou III 
Safe Bulkers Tower 
Limassol 3087, Cyprus
Management Company in Greece
Safety Management Overseas S.A.
30-32 Karamanli Avenue, Voula 166 73, Athens, Greece
