Cloverton, VicStockland  
Sustainability 
Reporting Suite  FY20  
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Our strategy and reporting approach
Our sustainability strategy:
A better way to deliver shared value
As a real estate owner, manager and developer, we
recognise that we have a unique opportunity to create
shared social, environmental and economic value for
our communities, customers and investors now, and in
the future.
Stockland’s group strategy has three strategic pillars
to support our growth and maximise returns through
community creation: grow asset returns, capital
management and operational excellence.
Our strategic pillars are strengthened by our focus on
sustainability to ensure that we have a long-term view of
our business and consider all our stakeholders’ needs. We
are a committed leader in sustainability and believe this
approach is fundamental to the way we do business.
Stockland's sustainability strategy focuses on the
opportunity to deliver shared value across a range of
stakeholders. Our three sustainability focus areas are
integrated with our business strategy:
•Shape thriving communities  – Our focus is on creating
robust communities with strong connections and
opportunities. This supports our growth as a business,
delivering better social, environmental and economic
outcomes for all our stakeholders.•Optimise and innovate  – Innovation is at the core of
everything we do, as we continue to find more efficient
ways to do business, investing in technologies that
support our priorities, while minimising the impact we
have on the environment.•Enrich our value chain  – By creating stable and
deep-rooted relationships, we can protect our supply
chain, manage risk, and ensure sustainable and
transparent practices.Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Our strategy and reporting approach
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Sustainability leadership
We measure  and report  on our performance  against  a range  of global  sustainability  assessments,  frameworks  and standards
so that we continuously align with best practice sustainability management and disclosure. This enables us to stay abreast
of emerging issues and international best practice sustainability governance, and to review and evaluate our performance
against industry and broader global benchmarks.
LEADERSHIP CREDENTIALS
DJSI GRESB CDP
Ranked 2nd on the Dow Jones Sustainability
Index, listed in the top five for 10
consecutive yearsGlobal Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark
- Global Sector Leader for Listed, Diversified
– Office/Retail,  and sixth globally out of
100 Diversified  – Retail/Office,  listed and non-
listed companies and funds.Only Australian property company included in
the Climate A-List for carbon disclosure and
performance for four consecutive years.
FRAMEWORKS
Integrated Reporting Framework Sustainable Development Goals TCFD
We have adopted the principles of the
International Integrated Reporting Council’s
(IIRC) International Integrated Reporting
Framework to communicate our financial  and
non-financial  achievements in our Annual
Integrated Report, independently assured by
Ernst and Young (EY) .We contribute to ten of the United Nations
Sustainable  Development  Goals.  These  are the
areas where we have the greatest opportunity
to influence  change and positive outcomes.Climate-related disclosures are reported
in line with the Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD) recommendations.
GRI Standards LBG UN Global Compact
We report our sustainability progress in
accordance  with  the Global  Reporting  Initiative
(GRI) Comprehensive Sustainability Reporting
Standards. See our GRI Index.We report and verify our community
investment data in line with London
Benchmarking Group (LBG), as managed by
Corporate Citizenship.We are a signatory  to the United  Nations  Global
Compact  (UNGC)  and support  the 10 principles
of the Global Compact on human rights,
labour, environment and anti-corruption.
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Our strategy and reporting approach
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our FY20 Sustainability Reporting Suite
Our sustainability reporting focuses on the matters
of greatest relevance to our business during the
reporting period.
In our reporting we highlight two sets of
sustainability matters:
•our enduring themes  – these matters align with and
help  us to deliver  on our three  sustainability  priorities  of
shape  thriving  communities,  optimise  and innovate,  and
enrich our value chain. Our management approach to
each of these matters is well developed and embedded
in our day-to-day operations.•our material matters  – these matters have been
identified  as the emerging issues that impact the
landscape in which we operate and represent
future risks and opportunities for our business and
our stakeholders.
Our annual sustainability reporting suite comprises our
Management Approach documents, Deep Dive series and
Data Packs, as outlined in the table below. Sustainability
reporting is also included in our Annual Report. The
reporting is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured . Our full suite of sustainability
reporting documents is available on our website . 
Document Description Content
FY20 Annual Report Integrated report focused on our strategy,
governance, financial,  social and environmental
performance and our response to
material matters.
Report aligned with the International Integrated
Reporting Framework.•Operating and Financial Review, including our sustainability
performance and response to the Task Force on Climate-related
Risk Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations•Governance and Remuneration Reports
•Financial Report
FY20 Management
ApproachesManagement approach disclosures as required by
the GRI Standards providing information on how
we manage, analyse and respond to our enduring
themes and material matters.•Overview of our management approach, including governance,
procedures, policies, processes and systems•Review and evaluation process
•Key roles and responsibilities
FY20 Deep
Dive SeriesAnnual performance reports addressing enduring
themes and material matters•‘Why is this important to Stockland’
•Key financial  year achievements
•Targets, progress and future priorities
•Financial year performance commentary
•Case studies
FY20 Sustainability
Data PacksComprehensive annual data sets on
environmental, community and people metrics•Data tables on key metrics
•Detailed data required by GRI and the ESG investor surveys
we chose to undertake that are in line with our strategy e.g.
DJSI, GRESB
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Our strategy and reporting approach
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Enduring themes
We have a long history of addressing sustainability
matters that respond to our stakeholders, such as our
resource efficiency  and the diversity of our workforce.
Our responses to these matters are embedded in our
day-to-day operations, and we continue to enhance ourmanagement  of these  themes  given  their  importance  to our
stakeholders and to our business.
Each  year  we report  on these  enduring  themes  in our series
of Management Approaches, Deep Dives and supporting
Data  Packs,  as outlined  in the table  below.  All three  of these
documents are updated annually.
Sustainability Matter FY20 Management Approach FY20 Deep Dives FY20 Data Pack
Sustainability
Focus AreasEnduring themes and
material matters relevant
to our business and
our stakeholdersDisclosures on how we manage,
analyse and respond to
sustainability mattersPerformance reports
including targets, progress
and future prioritiesComprehensive data sets on
environmental, community
and people metrics
Shape thriving
communitiesCommunity x x x
Customer Engagement
and Experiencex x x
Optimise and
innovateAsset Rating
and Certification1x x
Biodiversity x x x
Carbon and Energy x x x
Climate Resilience x x x
Waste and Materials x x x
Water Management
and Qualityx x x
Enrich our value
chainEmployee Engagement
and Development2x x x
Employee Diversity
and Inclusion3x x x
Governance and Risk4x x
Health, Safety and Security x x x
Human Rights x x
Stakeholder Engagement5x
Supply Chain x x
1 There  is only  an Asset  Rating  and Certification  Management  Approach,  no associated  Deep  Dive.  Annual  updates  on asset  certifications  are included  in the Carbon  and Energy  Deep
Dive and the Environmental Data Pack
2 Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement and Experience is combined with Our Management Approach to Employee Diversity and Inclusion to create the Employee
Engagement, Experience, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive.
3 Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement and Experience is combined with Our Management Approach to Employee Diversity and Inclusion to create the Employee
Engagement, Experience, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive.
4 There  is only  a Governance  and Risk  Management  Approach,  no associated  Deep  Dive.  Annual  governance  and risk reporting  is captured  in the Annual  Report,  as well as in the Climate
Resilience Deep Dive and the Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive.
5 There is only a Stakeholder Engagement Management Approach, no associated Deep Dive. Annual stakeholder initiatives are reported in a number of other Deep Dives, including
Customer Engagement and Experience, Community, and Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Our strategy and reporting approach
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Material matters
In addition to our enduring themes, we have identified  the
trends and significant  issues that impact the landscape
in which we operate. They represent both current and
future risks and opportunities for our business and our
stakeholders over the short, medium and long term.
Our material matters also align with the core priorities
of our sustainability strategy. We anticipate that these
matters will evolve over time and we will continue to work
with relevant stakeholders to shape these issues going
forward.  We have  responded  to our material  matters  in our
Annual  Report  and where  relevant  provided  further  detail  in
our Deep Dive Series.
Materiality process
Stockland has adopted the materiality definition  from the
International  Integrated  Reporting  Framework  (Integrated
Reporting ) to disclose information about matters that
may  substantively  affect  the organisation’s  ability  to create
value  over  the short,  medium,  and long  term.  Our Executive
Committee and Board regularly review these key risks and
disclose them on a biannual basis.
We identify material matters using the following process:
1. Identify
Each year we conduct an operational and strategic
risk assessment and identify draft material matters by
capturing internal and external perspectives, in line with
the principles of Integrated Reporting and the Global
Reporting Initiative ( GRI) Standards.
Stakeholder perspectives include:
•Investor research and engagement•Customer feedback and insights •Employee, executive and Board surveys •Political and regulatory developments •Industry engagement and advocacy •Social and mainstream media. 
2. Evaluate and prioritise
Members of our leadership team and senior management
participated in interviews and reviews to evaluate
the material matters, rank them in terms of greatest
significance,  and prioritise them based on their ability to
affect  and impact  on value  creation  over  the short,  medium
and long term.3. Review and disclose
The following risks and opportunities are considered
the most relevant current material matters, which are
developed and mapped. These have been reviewed and
approved by Stockland’s Executive Committee and Board.
The materiality process and outcomes have also been
assured by Ernst & Young ( EY).
Due to the complex nature of these risks and the impact
of COVID-19 many of the risks and opportunities detailed
below have the potential to impact our business and
stakeholders over the short, medium and long term.
Risks  and opportunities  – our material  matters
Our full materiality disclosure is made in the Risk
Management section of our Annual Report . Material
matters include:
•Ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
our business
•Our ability  to deliver  on strategic  priorities  in challenging
market conditions
•Our ability to provide environments that support the
health,  safety,  and wellbeing  of our employees,  tenants,
residents, customers and suppliers.
•Climate change may have adverse effects  on
our business
•Our ability to dispose of non-core assets
•Change within the retail sector impacts rental growth
•Information  and technology  system  continuity  and cyber
security breaches impact our business
•Regulatory and policy changes impact our business
and customers
•Our ability  to adapt  to new ways  of working  and maintain
a strong corporate culture
•Our ability to anticipate changing customer and
community expectations to meet future demand
•Differences  between community and customer
expectations or beliefs and our current or planned
actions could harm our reputation and business.
•Capital market volatility impacts our ability to transact
and access suitable capital.
•Housing affordability  continues to impact the dynamics
of the Australian housing market 
•Retirement living residents have high expectations
about value and fairness. 
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Our strategy and reporting approach
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
We are a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and support the 10 principles of the Global Compact
on human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption. Our FY20 sustainability reporting also serves as our UNGC
Communication on Progress.
Listed in the table below are the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals which are the most relevant to our
business and our stakeholders. They are the 10 areas where we have the greatest opportunity to influence  change and
positive outcomes.
How we seek to impact the SDGs
Icon Goal How we do it
Goal 3 – Good health and wellbeing Through  our focus  on employee  wellbeing  (Employee  Engagement,  Development,  Diversity
and Inclusion Deep Dive ), community wellbeing ( Community Deep Dive ), and health and
safety (Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive ).
Goal 4 – Quality education Through our community development activities and partnerships focused on education
(Community Deep Dive ).
Goal 5 – Gender equality Through our commitment to gender pay equity and targets for women in management
(Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive ).
Goal 7 – Affordable  and clean energy Through our focus on energy efficiency  and renewable energy ( Carbon and Energy
Deep Dive ).
Goal 8 – Decent work and
economic growthThrough  our focus  on our employees  (Employee  Engagement,  Development,  Diversity  and
Inclusion Deep Dive ) and our focus on local economic outcomes where we operate ( Supply
Chain Deep Dive ).
Goal 9 – Industry, innovation
and infrastructureThrough our appointment of a Chief Innovation, Marketing and Technology Officer,  our
Employee Innovation Groups ( Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and
Inclusion Deep Dive ) and our focus on innovation in our supply chain ( Supply Chain
Deep Dive ).
Goal 11 – Sustainable cities
and communitiesThrough our focus on resource efficiency  (Carbon and Energy Deep Dive , Water
Management and Quality Deep Dive , Waste and Materials Deep Dive ), climate risk
management ( Climate Resilience Deep Dive ), and thriving communities ( Community
Deep Dive ).
Goal 13 – Climate Action Through our focus on energy efficiency  and renewable energy ( Carbon and Energy Deep
Dive ), as well as our focus on climate resilient assets ( Climate Resilience Deep Dive ).
Goal 15 – Life on land Through  our commitment  to have  a net positive  impact  on biodiversity  across  our residential
developments ( Biodiversity Deep Dive ).
Goal 17 – Partnerships for the Goals Through our strong engagement with our stakeholders ( Our Stakeholder Engagement
Management Approach ), our focus on our customers ( Customer Engagement and
Experience Deep Dive ), and our expectations of our suppliers ( Supply Chain Deep Dive ).
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Our strategy and reporting approach
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Reporting scope
Stockland’s 2020 sustainability reporting is an account of
our sustainability performance for the financial  year from
1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 (FY20). It is independently
assured by Ernst & Young (EY). It follows our FY19
sustainability reporting, which was published online in
August 2019.
We have publicly reported our sustainability performance
on an annual basis since 2005. It includes detailed
discussion of our enduring themes and material
sustainability matters, as well as in-depth data sets and
case studies. Our sustainability reporting for FY20 was
published in August 2020 and is publicly available at
stockland.com.au/sustainability .
Sustainability reporting forms part of our corporate
reporting suite, which includes the following documents:
•Annual Integrated Report – an integrated report
outlining how the company creates value for
stakeholders focused on our strategy, governance,
financial,  social and environmental performance in
compliance with statutory reporting requirements and
the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures;•Property Portfolio – details on the assets within our
portfolio; and•Investor presentation and annexures relating to our
financial  results, operating performance and strategy.We operate exclusively in Australia and own, manage
and develop a growing portfolio of retail town
centres, logistics centres, business parks, workplace
assets, residential communities and retirement living
communities. Throughout our sustainability reporting, our
data and content are broken down and presented by our
business units (Commercial Property and Communities)
to capture and reflect  the unique challenges and
achievements specific  to each business unit.
In some instances, however, we have reported data
and content more holistically where the challenges,
achievements  and management  approaches  are inherently
similar across all businesses.
With regard to external boundaries, unless otherwise
stated we do not include data for entities outside
the organisation. For our supply chain, we discuss
management of our consultants, contractors and sub-
contractors, but only provide data relating to these
external  entities  if and when  they  fall within  our ‘operational
control’ boundary, as defined  by the National Greenhouse
and Energy Reporting Act  2007 (NGER Act) .
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Our strategy and reporting approach
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
KEY CHANGES TO OUR REPORTING IN FY20
Impact  of COVID-19  pandemic  on our reporting  process.  This year  marks  the end of our three-year  sustainability  target
cycle. We are proud to have achieved many of these targets and had previously committed to setting new longer-term
targets for FY21 and onward. Due to the business challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, we have delayed
the launch  of our new 2030  Sustainability  Strategy  and its associated  long-term  targets  to late FY21.  Where  feasible,  we
have rolled over our FY20 three-year targets for an additional year to maintain our focus on sustainable outcomes for
our stakeholders. 
Our community development spend is lower for FY20 than in previous years largely due to a change in our reporting
coverage. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business in several ways. During this time, Stockland’s focus has
been on supporting our people, customers, residents and tenants. One of the ways we wanted to support our people
(working at our assets) was to reduce the reporting burden and provide them with the time and resources needed to
focus  on managing  our COVID-19  response.  As a result,  this year  we have  not collected  community  development  spend
data  by our assets  and communities  and have  only  reported  on the community  investment  spend  driven  by Stockland’s
head  office.  This has included  initiatives  led through  the CARE  Foundation,  our spend  with  national  community  partners,
our community investment spend and our response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, many of our community
activations  from  March  onwards  were  unable  to be held  due to COVID-19.  In some  cases  they  were  conducted  virtually.
Examples include the pivoting of our face-to-face community programs with both Jamie’s Ministry of Food and Live
Life Get Active to online classes for our residents and customers. Looking forward, we are exploring alternative
ways to deliver community development programs and collate investment and impact data in light of the new and
evolving context.
Assurance update . To ensure we continue to produce best practice reporting, we have updated our assurance to
focus  on Integrated  Reporting  principles  of materiality,  stakeholder  responsiveness,  reliability  and completeness.  These
principles are closely aligned to the AA1000 principles we have applied in the past.
Streamlined  reporting . We have  removed  the following  Deep  Dives  from  our series:  Governance  and Risk,  Stakeholder
Engagement, and Asset Ratings and Certification.  We continue to report our Management Approach for each of
these enduring themes, however to reduce duplication we have removed the annual updates on these topics. Asset
certifications  can be found in the Environmental Data Pack and updates on security (including information on cyber
security)  have  been  integrated  into our Health,  Safety  and Security  Deep  Dive.  Additional  Governance  and Risk reporting
is captured  in the Annual  Report,  as well as in the Climate  Resilience  and Health,  Safety  and Security  Deep  Dives.  Annual
Stakeholder  Engagement  initiatives  are reported  in a number  of other  Deep  Dives,  including  Customer  Engagement  and
Experience, Community and Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion.
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Our strategy and reporting approach
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
External assurance
We have reported in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework Principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness. reliability and completeness,
and in accordance (Comprehensive) with the Global
Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards.
Please  refer  to the GRI Index  for more  detailed  information
on where relevant indicators are disclosed in our
reporting suite.
The sustainability reporting content has been externally
assured in accordance with the Australian Standard
for Assurance Engagements (ASAE3000): Assurance
Engagements other than Audits and Reviews of Historical
Financial Information  and (ASAE 3410): Assurance
Engagement on Greenhouse Gas Statements  by Ernst &
Young (EY). EY provides  limited assurance  over:
•material non-financial  performance information
including data on greenhouse gas and energy,
community contribution, retail customer engagement,
employee engagement, health and safety, gender
diversity, water consumption, and waste production•selected qualitative disclosure relating to performance
data, and selected qualitative disclosures pertaining to
our material issues as outlined within our reporting•our adherence to the Integrated Reporting Principles
of materiality, stakeholder responsiveness, reliability
and completeness
A copy of EY’s assurance statement  is available on
our website .
 
Feedback
We welcome your questions and value your feedback about our reporting approach.
Please contact us at sustainability@stockland.com.au
9 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Our strategy and reporting approach
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach to
Community
A. Purpose
This document sets out our management approach to how
Stockland  shapes  thriving  communities,  which  includes  our
work  in the areas  of community  investment  and community
development. It should be read in conjunction with our
Community Deep Dive  (available on our website) , where
we report on progress against community investment
and development priorities on an annual basis. Together,
our management approach documents, deep dive reports
and our data packs comprise our sustainability reporting
suite, which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
As one of Australia’s largest diversified  property groups,
we are well placed to have a positive and lasting impact
on the communities in which we operate. We believe there
is a better way to live and our goal is to create and shape
communities that thrive now and into the future.
We seek to achieve this goal at our Retail Town
Centres,  Residential  and Retirement  Living  communities  by
focusing  on Health  and Wellbeing,  Community  Connection,
and Education.
We focus on these three areas because our proprietary
customer  and industry  research  tells  us these  are the areas
that matter  when  our customers  are deciding  where  to live,
play and shop.
Our contribution to creating and shaping
thriving communities is coordinated through the
following activities:
•community partnerships and programs –  social
infrastructure and programs across our three focus
areas: health and wellbeing, community connection
and education;•community investment  – our employee volunteering
and giving programs;•community  development  – projects  and initiatives  that
enhance the communities at our assets; and•the Stockland CARE Foundation  – our charitable trust,
which delivers infrastructure, programs and initiatives
to Australian communities. 
More information on our approach to Community can be
found in our Community Deep Dive .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Community
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Overview
Our contribution to creating and shaping thriving
communities  is through  the delivery  of social  infrastructure
and programs across our three focus areas: health and
wellbeing,  community  connection  and education.  We have
strategic priorities in each focus area:
Health and wellbeing
•promote activities and places that encourage positive
physical and mental health and wellbeing•incorporate design that optimises accessibility, safety
and mobility.
Community connection
•promote activities that foster engagement, pride and a
sense of belonging•promote design that creates a sense of place and
supports recreation and participation•incorporate accessibility and inclusiveness into
the design of our assets, communities, and
supporting infrastructure.
Education
•promote programs that support economic employment
within our communities•incorporate design that facilitates learning and
education opportunities for all ages.
a. Health and wellbeing
We are focused on promoting the health and wellbeing
of our Residential and Retirement Living communities and
the communities living around our Retail Town Centres.
We seek to provide our communities with access to fresh,
healthy food and encourage participation in active and
healthy living practices. This focus is supported by our
Liveability research that illustrates the value communities
place on parks, open spaces, recreational infrastructure
and a feeling of safety within their communities.
We seek  to activate  communities  with  health  and wellbeing
programs  that support  positive  physical  and mental  health
for all ages such as exercise and recreational groups,
healthy eating and cooking programs as well as physical
and mental health information services.We seek to provide (or facilitate the provision of)
infrastructure that supports community health and
wellbeing, such as accessible community amenities and
services, active public transport options, parks and
recreational facilities, walking paths, cycle ways and
inclusive playspaces.
b. Community connection
We invest in community connection by focusing on
activities that support self-sustaining social cohesion. Our
focus and commitment to community connection reflects
our research that indicates our residents desire greater
community connection.
We seek to provide (or facilitate the provision of)
infrastructure that supports community connection, such
as community centres, hubs, public art, place-making
initiatives and multi-use formal and informal spaces. For
greatest  impact,  we seek  to engage  with  community  groups
on projects and encourage participation in the vision,
design and development process.
c. Education
Our focus and commitment to education is supported
by customer research, such as our proprietary Liveability
Index, which identifies  access to and quality of education
as a major driver of personal wellbeing and prosperity for
individuals, families and communities.
Critical  to the delivery  of this focus  area  is providing  access
to formal  and informal  opportunities  (including  mentoring)
for quality education and skills development at all life
stages, and, through this access, enhancing the economic
prosperity of our residents, retailers, customers, local
communities and other stakeholders.
Infrastructure that supports sustainable education
includes the effective  design and delivery of schools,
libraries and learning hubs, local employment and
training facilities, connectivity centres in partnership
with contractors and local employment services, retailer
training programs, and co-working spaces.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Community
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B2. Community partnerships
and programs
We have close working relationships with a variety of
community organisations that help us deliver social
infrastructure and programs in and around our assets.
These partners align with our three community focus
areas: health and wellbeing, community connection
and education.
We categorise our community partners and programs as
Foundation, national or local:
•Foundation  partners are those we work with through
the Stockland CARE Foundation. The Stockland CARE
Foundation directs its financial  and in-kind support
to organisations that positively impact the health and
wellbeing and education of communities in and around
our assets.•National  community development programs and
partners have national reach across our assets
and projects and work with our teams to deliver
infrastructure and programs aligned to our three focus
areas. National partnerships are managed by our
national Sustainability Team and are selected based
on assessment criteria outlined in our Request for
Charitable Support and Sponsorship Guideline.•Local  community partners and programs work with
our asset teams at the local, regional or state level
to deliver ad hoc events or programs in and around
our assets, servicing a particular societal need of
the local community. Local community partners are
not required to meet the same criteria as national
or Foundation partners as they meet bespoke, local
community requirements.
Each  year  we review  new community  partner  opportunities
according  to criteria  outlined  in our Request  for Charitable
Support  and Sponsorship  Guideline . This guideline  is also
available for community members and organisations that
request  financial,  in-kind  or other  types  of support  from  us.
Our community partnerships, programs and resources are
summarised in our annual Community Deep Dive  and
Community Data Pack .B3. Community investment
a. Workplace giving
Workplace giving at Stockland allows all full-time, part-
time and fixed  term employees to make donations to
a charity of their choice from their pre-tax income. We
match 100 per cent of these employee contributions up to
$5,000 per individual to an overall cap of $100,000 each
financial  year, and absorb the associated administrative
costs, maximising the financial  donation to the charity.
We partner with Good2Give  to administer our workplace
giving program.
b. Corporate donations
Corporate donations are made in response to specific
events and ad hoc charitable purposes, in line with
our internal policy related to charitable support and
sponsorship. These donations may be in support of a
number of charitable causes, including emergency relief
appeals in and around our assets or one-off  community
investment opportunities that align with other Stockland
programs or strategies, such as our bushfire  related grant
programs and COVID-19 online community activations.
c. In-kind support
We also provide local community groups with in-kind
support (such as community space in our retail centres or
access to land for charitable purposes) at no cost or at a
discounted rate.
d. Volunteering
Our volunteering program provides our employees with
the opportunity to volunteer with an organisation of their
choice or with our national community partners in and
around  our communities.  We provide  opportunities  for our
employees  to participate  in volunteering  opportunities  that
have a clear and positive impact on community health,
education or connection.
Employees can volunteer their time and skills in three
key areas:
•Team volunteering  provides much-needed support to
our local communities as well as serving as a powerful
team building exercise, and gives employees a chance
to connect with our customers and communities. We
encourage all our employees to participate in at least
one team volunteering day each year.•Student mentoring  provides a way for individual
employees to volunteer their time and skills as part
of a facilitated program. We provide opportunities for
our employees to mentor both primary and high school
students through our partnership with the Australian
Business and Community Network (ABCN).
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Community
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
•Personal volunteering  supports full-time and part-
time employees to take up to 16 hours of personal
volunteering leave per year for a charity of their choice,
in addition  to their  team  volunteering  activities.  Personal
volunteering can also take place through flexible
working arrangements agreed upon by employees and
their managers.
B4. Community development
Community development refers to the projects and
initiatives designed to enhance the communities at our
residential communities, retirement living villages and
retail town centres.
Selected  assets  and projects  across  our Retail  Town  Centre,
Residential and Retirement Living portfolios complete a
community  development  plan  to plan  community  activities
and initiatives for the upcoming financial  year:
•Retail Town Centres develop community development
plans that outline the key community development
activities to be performed throughout the year. All city,
regional, sub-regional and neighbourhood Retail Town
Centres with a Gross Lettable Area (GLA) of less than
10,000 m², non-branded Stockland retail assets and
joint ventures are generally not required to complete
a community development plan. It may be determined
that a community development plan is needed for a
particular Stockland Retail Town Centre with a GLA
of less than 10,000 m² due to one or more of the
following factors:
•the community need of the surrounding area•the availability of financial  resources that would
enable community development activities•the availability of our resources to administer
the community development plan and
associated activities.•All Residential communities are required to develop
a community development plan for the financial
year that new residents first move into their new
homes. Community development plans are reviewed
to integrate Liveability results, national community
standards and targets (where appropriate), and new
partnership and program opportunities.•All our managed Retirement Living communities
(development and established) have a community
development plan that captures national community
development initiatives, community grants and CARE
Foundation  activities.  In our Retirement  Living  portfolio,
we only report on those community development
activities  that have  been  co-ordinated  at a national  level.Selected  assets  and projects  across  our Retail  Town  Centre,
Residential and Retirement Living portfolios complete
a community development plan (incorporated into the
sustainability plan for Residential communities and the
asset plan for Retirement Living communities) to plan
community activities and initiatives for the upcoming
financial  year.
B5. Stockland CARE Foundation
Founded in May 2015, the Stockland CARE Foundation is
a charitable trust established to deliver programs and
initiatives to improve the lives of people living in or near
Stockland communities. The Stockland CARE Foundation
directs its support to strategic and aligned charitable
partners who help Stockland deliver on this purpose.
In September 2019, the Stockland CARE Foundation
brought together charity partners ReachOut Australia,
Redkite and R U OK? in a collaborative partnership
model that aims to improve wellbeing in communities
across Australia. The Foundation will invest more than
$1 million and ongoing non-financial  support (such as
through volunteering and the provision of meeting spaces
at our assets) over the next three years to help support
mental  health  programs  in Australian  communities.  Further
information  is available  in the CARE  Foundation  section  of
our website .
The Stockland CARE Foundation Board oversees the
Foundation  strategy  and programs  and the Stockland  CARE
Foundation employee network supports the Foundation
through communicating activities, recruiting volunteers,
helping with events and sharing insights.
Further information on the governance of the Stockland
CARE Foundation can be found in Our Management
Approach to Governance and Risk .
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Community
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation of the management
approach
We set targets and priorities that guide the delivery of social infrastructure and programs across our three focus areas of
health and wellbeing, community connection and education.
We report on our progress against these targets as well as our commitments and targets for community investment,
community development and the Stockland CARE Foundation in our annual Community Deep Dive . In this reporting,
we include:
•a status update and progress against our our short, medium and long-term targets;•detailed commentary on the priority actions that contribute to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at particular locations.
C1. Community partnerships
Each  existing  national  partnership  is periodically  reviewed  and evaluated  for community  uptake  and achievement  of desired
impact.  Each  partner  is also required  to provide  us with  consistent  reporting,  including  the number  of participants  involved
and program frequency.
All new or potential  community  partners  must  submit  a proposal  to our Sustainability  Team,  in accordance  with  our Request
for Charitable Support & Sponsorship Guideline .
C2. Community investment
We collect, measure and report data relating to community investment initiatives on an annual basis, including our time,
monetary  support  and in-kind  donations  given  to charities  and community  groups.  We collate  and analyse  this data  to inform
any modifications  to our approach and to communicate the outcomes of our activities to our stakeholders. We continue
to work with London Benchmarking Group, coordinated by Corporate Citizenship, to validate the data collected, verify the
validity  and accuracy  of Stockland’s  reported  community  investment  datasets,  and to benchmark  our performance  relative
to other Corporate Citizenship members.
We also undertake reviews of programs, partners and participation rates to measure and report the effectiveness  of
our approach.
C3. Community development
All projects and assets that complete a community development plan are required to submit their plans to the national
Sustainability  Team  for review  and report  on the delivery  of initiatives  over  the previous  financial  year.  This includes  initiatives
implemented, total spend and the commercial and social outcomes achieved.
The national Sustainability Team collates data from each community development plan and tracks progress of community
development against our sustainability strategy and targets.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Community
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Changes to Community Development Data in 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
Our community  development  spend  is lower  for FY20  than  in previous  years  largely  due to a change  in our reporting  coverage.
The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business in several ways and during this time, Stockland’s focus has been on
supporting our people, customers, residents and tenants. One of the ways we wanted to support our people (working
at our assets) was to reduce the reporting burden and provide them with the time and resources needed to focus on
managing our COVID-19 response. As a result, this year we have not collected community development spend data by our
assets and communities and have only reported on the community investment spend driven by Stockland’s head office.
This has included  initiatives  led through  the CARE  Foundation,  our spend  with  national  community  partners,  our community
investment  spend  and our response  to the COVID-19  pandemic.  Additionally,  many  of our community  activations  from  March
onwards  were  unable  to be held  due to COVID-19.  In some  cases  they  were  conducted  virtually.  Examples  include  the pivoting
of our face-to-face  community  programs  with  both  Jamie’s  Ministry  of Food  and Live Life Get Active  to online  classes  for our
residents  and customers.  Looking  forward,  we are exploring  alternative  ways  to deliver  community  development  programs
and collate investment and impact data in light of the new and evolving context.
C4. Community engagement
We use business-specific  tools, and resources such as online research platforms and face-to-face customer consultation
sessions  to directly  engage  with  community  members  throughout  the year.  This provides  us with  confirmation  on where  we
are successfully delivering community development initiatives in accordance with our sustainability strategy, and allows
us to refine  our processes if required. Refer to Our Management Approach to Customer Engagement and Experience  for
further information on the mechanisms we use to seek feedback from customers.
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Community
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
Roles and responsibilities related to our management approach to community investment, community development, and
the Stockland CARE Foundation are provided in the table below.
Role Responsibilities
Board Sustainability Committee Oversight of community approach, targets, and performance tracking
Chief Financial Officer Responsibility  at Group  level  for community  investment,  community  development  and
the Stockland CARE foundation
Reports directly to the Managing Director and CEO
Group Executive and CEO Commercial Property
Group Executive and CEO CommunitiesAccountability for community development delivery within respective business units
Executive Committee Supports the delivery of our community approach
National Manager – Group Sustainability, supported
by National Sustainability Managers and the CARE
Foundation ManagerEffective  implementation and evaluation of community investment and
development approach
Provide guidance to Commercial Property and Communities asset teams to deliver
sustainability plans
Development Managers and Asset Managers Effective  delivery and management of community development at a project and
asset level
CARE Foundation Board Oversight of Stockland CARE Foundation strategy and programs (Board composition
provided in Our Management Approach to Governance and Risk )
 
E. Version control
Revision Published Owner Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Sustainability and Corporate Procurement –
2 August 2019 National Manager – Group Sustainability –
3 April 2020 National Manager – Group Sustainability COVID-19 reference
7 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Community
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach to
Customer Engagement and Experience
A. Purpose
This document  sets out how  we engage  with  our customers
to understand their changing needs and enhance the
customer experience. These insights are critical to the
sustainability of our business and the ongoing relevance
and reputation of our brand, products, and services.
This document should be read in conjunction with
our Customer Engagement and Experience Deep
Dive  (available on our website ), where we report on
progress against customer engagement and experience
priorities on an annual basis. Together, our management
approach documents, deep dive reports and our
data packs comprise our sustainability reporting suite,
which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
Our commitment to customer engagement is consistent
across our diverse customer base, which includes:
•the people who live in our residential communities•the people  who  live in our retirement  living  communities•the people who may potentially live in our residential
and retirement living communities•shoppers and retailers in our retail town centres•workplace and logistics tenants across our
commercial assets.
For more information on our approach to customer
engagement see our Customer Engagement and
Experience Deep Dive .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Customer Engagement and Experience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Overview
Strong customer engagement is a priority for Stockland,
and involves:
•understanding who the customer is and relative
customer segments;•understanding the customer journey and establishing a
high standard of customer service excellence;•identifying customer values and needs and developing
relevant value propositions; •committing  to measurable  investments  that create  both
new customers and brand advocates who are willing to
share their experience with friends and family; and•unlocking the value of positive customer experiences
by encouraging existing customers to refer friends
and family, and rewarding repeat purchases of
Stockland products.
Customer  engagement  methods  and objectives  vary  across
business units due to the different  requirements of our
diverse customer base. We focus on understanding the
various  customer  segments  and what  drives  value  for these
customers across their journey, with a focus on:
•customer insights  – quantifying the size and value of
different  segments  within  assets’  geographic  catchment
areas, understanding the needs, values, attitudes
and behaviours of current and prospective customers
to inform strategic decisions regarding portfolio mix
and the design, and delivery and operation of new
and existing projects and assets. This enables the
development of products and services that respond to
customer needs and in turn generate more sustainable
returns for the business.•customer analytics  – using behavioural data
for customer segmentation, customer journey
optimisation, business intelligence and predictive
analytics enabling Stockland to develop strategies that
drive conversion.•customer experience  – developing a strategy to drive
positive customer experience and then measuring the
experiences of our customers to evaluate areas for
improvement in service delivery and in the design and
operation of our assets. This includes annual surveys
and regular ongoing engagement with our customers to
provide  quality  service  and prompt  issues  management.
Customer research is provided to the respective business
units and projects and customer insights are used across
the business (such as development, sales, marketing,
business development and sustainability) to inform
strategy  and decision-making,  and help  our assets  meet  the
evolving needs of our customers and the community.
Learning  and improving  via customer  feedback
Stockland is committed to collecting, understanding
and learning from customer feedback, both positive
and negative. It is critical for Stockland, as a customer-
centric organisation, to handle feedback in a disciplined
manner for continuous improvement of products and
processes. Proper handling of feedback maximises
customer  satisfaction  while  also protecting  our reputation,
mitigating our social and other media risk, and increasing
trust and transparency with our customer issues in a
responsive manner.
Feedback across all businesses is collected via Salesforce
case management and resolved via front line staff.  A
Customer Feedback Framework and Customer Feedback
and Complaints Procedure based on guiding principles
of “Listen -> Resolve -> Evolve” have been embedded
across the business via regular training and our intranet.
These are used for consistently categorising feedback,
identifying complaint severity, guidance for escalation
to management, and aligning behind target time frames
to resolve.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Customer Engagement and Experience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
This strategy is embedded operationally via “Stockland
Listens”, in which customers are invited in to discuss
their experience and feedback in front of all staff.  These
events form part of each local team’s operating rhythm,
being held at least twice a year at each Stockland office.
A live customer call listening program is also in place.
From this ongoing employee / customer connection,
diverse ideas to improve the experience are generated
and collected,  and performance  objectives  are assigned  to
ensure accountability for implementation.
Feedback collected from all channels (including but not
limited to Salesforce, social media, Stockland Listens
and our regular surveys) is aggregated and distributed
to management, as well as to our Executive Committee
and the Board of Directors. This includes quantified  trendsand recommendations. Insights are shared and discussed
at monthly Business Unit Leadership Teams. Performance
objectives related to importance of entering feedback into
Salesforce,  actions  taken  to improve,  as well as closing  out
complaint cases over a certain age, are shared throughout
the business, from the front line to senior management.
B2. Management approach by
business unit
Our key customer engagement mechanisms for each
business unit and customer group are outlined in the
table below.
Group
How we engage Why we engage
All consumer groups In 2014, we launched our own online research
community, Stockland Exchange . This is a
community of over 5,800 members who are
customers of our shopping centres, residential
and retirement villages.The community is used to conduct research across our projects
and assets. This enables us to better understand our customer
needs, test ideas and provide a mechanism for customers to
influence  our decision-making.
We also use this platform to communicate with our members
on various Stockland initiatives, demonstrating that Stockland
listens and serves to engage members.
In 2014, we implemented a Group-wide brand-
tracking program. The purpose of this research
is to measure brand awareness, image and
reputation compared to key competitors on an
ongoing basis.This program provides deeper insight into the drivers of
our reputation and helps identify how we can improve our
reputation and how we compare to our peers.
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Customer Engagement and Experience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Commercial Property
How we engage Why we engage
Retail Town
Centre tenantsWe conduct annual satisfaction tracking research among
our retail tenants via two research studies:
•Stockland proprietary approach, a research study of
centre tenants conducted on Stockland’s behalf; and•Monash University’s TenSAT survey, an industry study
of head office-based  retailers run on behalf of
several landlords.To better understand retailer satisfaction as well
as the drivers for lease renewal so that we can
respond to concerns that impact most heavily on
retailer retention.
Over the last 12 months we created “Stockland Listens”,
in which we invite retailers in to share their stories and
feedback, and make it easier for shoppers to submit
questions, complaints or compliments via a ‘web app’
promoted in centre.Stockland Listens seeks to proactively solicit retailers
and shopper feedback in an environment where
employees can hear real stories and be inspired to
continually improve. It also an alternative channel to
bolster existing insights.
Shoppers We conduct shopper satisfaction audits across retail
centres as part of Monash University’s ShopperSat
research,  which  measures  shopper  experience  across  over
120 centres nationally.To monitor satisfaction and perceptions of our
shopping centres and identify opportunities to better
meet customers’ needs by offering  the right retail mix
and engaging shopping environments.
We engage with shoppers through market research
studies such as surveys, focus groups and
discussion forums.To better understand shoppers’ views, perceptions
and behaviour on specific  issues, centre place-making
initiatives or potential new initiatives.
We use transactional data to analyse the spending habits
of our shoppers  and residents  who  live in our centres’  trade
areas through the using anonymous and de-identified
transactional data.To inform our tenancy mix and retail development
planning, as well as track our centre performance
over time. This information is also used to inform
our place-making strategy and better understand our
customers shopping habits and preferences.
Workplace and
Logistics tenantsWe conduct annual surveys with tenants across our
Workplace and Logistics portfolio.To assess  tenant  satisfaction  and help  us build  stronger
customer relationships.
Communities
Residential
How we engage Why we engage
Prospective residents We conduct ongoing ‘Voice of the Customer’
research with prospective customers (leads) and
when customers place a deposit with us.To continually  enhance  the customer  experience  throughout
the buying  journey  and ultimately  increase  sales  conversion.
We conduct surveys with customers at the point
when they settle their contracts with us.To continually monitor the customer experience between
deposit  and settlement  and identify  areas  for improvements.
Mystery Shopping research which audits the
sales experience.To provide consistency in the sales experience delivered at
point of sale that ultimately leads to increased conversion
and referral business.
Community residents A key element of our residential customer
engagement is our proprietary Liveability research,
which identifies  the specific  elements that
enhance customer satisfaction among our
community residents.To identify specific  elements that most significantly  enhance
customer satisfaction. By focusing on development and
community creation activities, we can increase satisfaction
and drive greater referral rates.
‘Stockland Listens’ connects residential customers
and staff  by bringing customers in to share
their experiences or listening to live calls in the
Contact Centre.To enable as close as possible to 100 per cent of residential
employees to regularly connect with customers, learn what
is important to them and inspire action and improvement.
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Customer Engagement and Experience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Retirement Living
How we engage Why we engage
Prospective residents We conduct sales experience research with inquiring
residents and those who have reserved a property.To better understand the sales experience and
prospective customers’ needs to ultimately increase
sales conversion.
Retirement Living
community residentsWe conduct an annual satisfaction survey with
residents called Residents Voice. This is equivalent
to the Liveability Index research completed in our
residential communities.To monitor how our customers feel about life in their
Stockland  retirement  living  community.  We can use this
customer sentiment to inform areas of improvement
and drive greater referral rates.
We conduct a Welcome Home survey with residents
when they move in, to better understand the
overall move-in experience and hence identify
improvement opportunities.Residents who have high satisfaction levels will be
inspired to share their experiences and this has a
positive influence  on prospective residents.
Resident Feedback Program – each Welcome Pack
provided when residents move in explains how they can
provide feedback.Opportunity  for residents  to provide  us with  feedback  on
village life at any time.
 
C. Review and evaluation
of the management approach
We review and evaluate our progress against our
customer  engagement  and experience  targets  in our annual
Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive ,
centred on metrics such as retailer/tenant satisfaction,
liveability, likelihood to recommend, and resident
wellbeing. In this reporting, we include:
•a status update of progress against our short, medium
and long-term targets;•detailed commentary on the priority actions that
contribute to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting
period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at
particular locations.
Customer  research  is used  and reviewed  at Project  Control
Group meetings (monthly meeting to review progress of
development projects) and Asset Control Groups, which
review and respond to customer experience findings.  In
addition, key insights from customer and other research
are incorporated  into Investment  Review  Group  papers  and
reviewed  by the Research  team  to enable  customer  insights
to be accurately reported and considered in investment
decision-making. The Customer Insights team works with
the business units to set and review customer research-
related KPIs so that they are attainable and in line with
customer expectations.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Customer Engagement and Experience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
Roles  and responsibilities  contributing  to execution  of our approach  to customer  engagement  and experience  are described
in the table below.
Role Responsibilities
Chief Innovation, Marketing and Technology Officer Responsibility for customer insights at a Group level
Responsibility for customer experience at a Group level
Chief Innovation, Marketing and Technology Officer Responsibility for customer experience at a Group level
Group  Executive  and CEO  Commercial  Property  Group
Executive and CEO CommunitiesResponsibility for customer experience in their business units. Each business unit
has customer-focused key performance indicators designed to continually improve
customer engagement
Executive Committee Supports the delivery of our customer engagement and experience approach
General Manager – Customer & Group Marketing Responsible for driving customer-centricity within Stockland as well as the
implementation  of Marketing  using  customer  insights  within  each  of the business  units
Reports directly to Chief Innovation, Marketing and Technology Officer
National Customer Experience Manager Set group-wide strategy to deliver a differentiated  customer experience and drive
commercial outcomes.
Provide  thought  leadership  and maintain  an organisation-wide  strategy  to continually
improve the differentiated  Stockland customer experience
Support the business units to implement their customer experience programs
Customer Insights team Management of company-wide customer insights and customer analytics and
informing strategic recommendations
Group Research Analysis of customer insights from our customer relationship management system
as well as providing marketing analytics to increase customer leads, conversion
and retention
Market Insights team Analysis of industry data and using it to inform a product and pricing strategy
Customer-facing employees Meet evaluation criteria for customer service
 
E. Version control
Revision Published Owner Changes
1 September 2018 National Manager Customer Insights
National Manager Customer ExperienceUpdate to include Stockland Listens as an
ongoing program.
2 August 2019 National Manager Customer Insights
National Manager Customer ExperienceUpdated approach to customer feedback, and
added  information  about  Stockland  Listens  as an
engagement mechanism.
3 April 2020 National Manager Customer Insights
National Manager Customer ExperienceUpdated management approach to reflect  the
new team structure
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Customer Engagement and Experience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach
to Asset Rating and Certification
A. Purpose
This document sets out our approach to the use of
rating and certification  schemes, which are important
means of assuring and demonstrating the quality of our
projects and assets. It should be read in conjunction
with the Environmental Data Pack  which contains a
list of our asset ratings and certifications.  Together, our
management approach documents, deep dive reports
and our data packs comprise our sustainability reporting
suite, which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
Asset ratings serve as independent validation that key
sustainability aspects, including social and environmental
factors, have been considered in our project and
asset designs, developments and operations. Rating and
certification  schemes also enable us to demonstrate
compliance with state and national regulations,
benchmark our sustainability performance against our
peers, and regularly track and improve our performance
across our various asset classes.
Assets that are highly rated and can demonstrate optimal
performance are often more attractive to customers and
investors. Not only do they deliver a certain level of energy
and water efficiency,  and therefore cost savings over the
long term, they also incorporate various design features
that promote social inclusion and enhance health and
wellbeing. Buildings with high environmental ratings often
demonstrate higher return on investment over time.2
A list of our asset  ratings  and certifications  is contained  in our
Environmental Data Pack .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
2Green Building Council of Australia, Value of Green Star – A decade of environmental benefits,  May 2013. This was verified  by the 2015 Property Council/ /IPD Australia Green
Property Index
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Asset Rating and Certification
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
The table below lists the key rating and certification
schemes that we use and how they are applied
across our portfolio. The requirements for achievingratings and certifications  are embedded in our strategy,
targets, policies, and toolkits to assist decision-making
as appropriate.
Rating / Certification  Scheme Stage of Life Cycle Asset Class
Green Star Design, Development, Operations Workplace, Retail Town Centre, Retirement
Living, Residential
NABERS Design, Development, Operations Workplace, Retail Town Centre
NatHERS and BASIX Design Retirement Living, Residential
Livable Housing Australia Design,  Operations  (Retirement  Living,  Independent
Living unit fitout)Retirement Living, Residential
B1. Green Star
Green Star relates to a suite of certification  schemes
developed  and administered  by the Green  Building  Council
of Australia (GBCA). Green Star is a national and voluntary
rating system for buildings and communities designed to
drive  the adoption  of sustainable  practices  in the Australian
property industry.
Green Star Design & As Built assesses the sustainability
outcomes from the design and construction of new
buildings or major refurbishments. We require our new
Retail Town Centre, Workplace and Retirement Living
developments, and Retail Town Centre and Workplace
redevelopments in excess of 8,000 square metres, to
achieve a minimum of 4 star Green Star Design & As Built
certification  with a review of opportunities to stretch to 5
stars. Our sustainability team works closely with project
design and delivery teams to integrate targets into design
briefs and contract documents.
Green Star Performance assesses the operational
performance of buildings. We have used Green Star
Performance to benchmark the performance of our Retail
Town Centre, Workplace and Business Parks portfolio. Our
Green Star Performance ratings also enable us to develop
asset strategies for improving performance over time. We
renew Green Star Performance ratings ahead of expiry of
the three-year performance rating period.
Green Star Communities assesses the planning, design,
and construction of large scale development projects
at a precinct, neighbourhood, or community scale. We
use Green Star Communities in our Residential portfolio
to independently verify our leadership in delivering
sustainable masterplanned communities.B2. NABERS
The National Australian Built Environment Rating Scheme
(NABERS) is a national rating system that measures
the environmental performance of Australian buildings,
tenancies and homes in occupancy. It uses measured and
verified  operational performance information to assess
the energy efficiency,  water usage, waste management
and indoor environment quality of a building or tenancy
and its impact on the environment. This performance is
converted into a rating scale of 1 to 6 stars, with 6 being
market-leading performance.
We undertake NABERS Energy and NABERS Water ratings
annually on the base building across Retail Town Centre,
Workplace  and Business  Parks  assets,  with  tenancy  ratings
only undertaken on office  tenancy space that we occupy.
NABERS  maintains  an eligibility  requirement  specifying  that
assets under 15,000 square metres cannot be rated.
For our new Workplace and Retail Town Centre
developments , we enter into a NABERS Commitment
Agreement, which sets a clear target for achieving
a NABERS rating outcome from the design of new
buildings.  Early  commitment  in the schematic  design  stage
allows the project design team to follow a protocol for
modelling energy performance in operation and having
this independently reviewed and optimised. Following a
strict energy monitoring and building tuning program,
once in operation, gives greater certainty of achieving the
target rating sometimes several years after the project is
initially designed.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Asset Rating and Certification
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B.3 NatHERS and BASIX
Both the Nationwide House Energy Rating Scheme
(NatHERS) and Building Sustainability Index (BASIX) are
rating schemes applicable to dwellings.
NatHERS is a national framework developed for regulating
the classification  of Australian homes for their thermal
performance. A NatHERS thermal performance rating
assesses the amount of mechanical heating and cooling
(e.g. air conditioners) that will be required to keep a home
at a comfortable temperature.
Each state in Australia has minimum standards around
thermal performance based on specific  NatHERS ratings.
NSW  is different  in that it uses  BASIX  (Building  Sustainability
Index) as a measure of energy use in the home; however,
thermal performance forms a part of a BASIX rating. We
use these  regulations  as well as other  state-based  building
requirements as benchmarks for our sustainability targets
and initiatives . Our current target requires our homes to
be designed to exceed energy efficiency  regulations by 10
per cent.
The NatHERS rating scale is from 1 to 10, with 10-star
rated homes being the most thermally efficient  and having
minimal heating and cooling requirements. We work with
builders  to build  homes  that go beyond  the 6-star  minimum
rating mandated by governments across Australia.B4. Livable Housing Australia
Livable Housing Australia (LHA) maintains a voluntary
three-tier performance range for liveable housing design:
Silver, Gold and Platinum. This LHA certification  promotes
good design principles focused on accessibility, and can
add to the long-term value of homes in our communities.
The Livable Housing Design Guidelines describes 16 easy
living design elements based on simple principles, such as
minimum width corridors and more generous bathrooms.
Each  element  details  the performance  expected  to achieve
Silver,  Gold  or Platinum  level  accreditation.  LHA issues  the
Livable  Housing  Design  Quality  Mark  to accredited  building
projects  that are assessed  at the Design  and As Built  stages
of development.
As the largest residential property developer in Australia,
with an overarching commitment to liveability, we use
LHA guidelines to improve industry standards and to
deliver liveable communities. We are committed to all
sustainability hubs in our communities being constructed
to minimum LHA Silver level, and increasing the number of
homes constructed to Silver level standards in our display
villages, retirement living villages, medium density and
completed homes projects.
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Asset Rating and Certification
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation of the management
approach
We set LHA commitments and targets for guiding NABERS ratings on a three-yearly basis to focus our investment in
performance  improvements  across  our portfolio.  We report  on asset  ratings  and other  certification  achievements  across  our
portfolio in our Carbon and Energy Deep Dive  and our Environmental Data Pack .
The use of rating and certification  schemes, as well as commitments or targets related to the schemes, are reviewed along
with  the review  of our performance.  We are corporate  members  of the Green  Building  Council  of Australia,  which  provides  us
with  insight  into the review  and evolution  of Green  Star rating  tools  and other  industry  trends  in asset  rating  and certification.
We also work closely with the NABERS Administration team on developments and improvements to the NABERS suite of
rating tools.
D. Responsibilities
Roles and responsibilities related to our approach to asset ratings and certifications  are provided in the table below.
Role Responsibilities
Board Sustainability Committee Oversight of sustainability approach, targets and performance tracking
Chief Financial Officer  (CFO) Responsibility  at a Group  level  for environmental  performance,  including  asset  ratings
and certification
Reports directly to Managing Director and CEO
Chairs our internal Sustainability Steering Committee, which is composed of senior
management from various organisational departments including Strategy, Investor
Relations, Stakeholder Relations, Project Management, People and Culture, Legal,
Risk, Operations, Development and Sustainability.
Group Executive and CEO Commercial Property
Group Executive and CEO CommunitiesDelivery of asset ratings and certifications
Executive Committee Supports delivery of asset ratings and certifications
National Manager – Group Sustainability supported
by National Sustainability Managers and National
Operations Managers (for Commercial Property and
Retirement Living portfolios)Strategic identification  and evaluation of asset ratings and certifications  across our
diverse portfolio of assets
Development Managers and Asset Managers Management of asset ratings and certifications  at project and asset level
 
E. Version control
Revision Published Owner Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Sustainability and Corporate Procurement
2 August 2019 National Manager – Group Sustainability
3 April 2020 National Manager – Group Sustainability
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Asset Rating and Certification
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach
to Biodiversity
A. Purpose
This document sets out our approach to managing and
conserving biodiversity where we operate. It should
be read in conjunction with our annual Biodiversity
Deep Dive  (available on our website ). Together, our
management approach documents, deep dive reports
and our data packs comprise our sustainability reporting
suite, which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
We recognise the important role biodiversity plays in
sustaining healthy ecosystems and supporting human
health and wellbeing. We also understand the intrinsic
value of biodiversity and global significance  of Australia’s
unique flora  and fauna. We also know that our customers
value  access  to nature,  and so integrating  developable  land
with conservation and enjoyment of biodiversity is critical
to the overall success of our masterplanned communities.
We develop new land for housing, including infrastructure
and social amenities, to create sustainable, thriving
communities. Development brings challenges and
opportunities that we manage as we deliver our projects.
In particular, developments on greenfield  sites can
impact local bushland habitat, ecological communities
and protected  or significant  species.  As part  of our strategy
to deliver  shared  value,  we seek  to make  an aggregated  net
positive contribution to biodiversity value by minimising
our impact on ecological communities and protected or
significant  species,  and designing  communities  to promote
nature reserves and parklands.Preserving  and restoring  biodiversity  on or around  our sites
enhances the liveability and vitality of our communities
over the long term. Our Liveability Index survey results
tell us that our residential customers value green space
and a connection to nature. Therefore, making a positive
contribution  to biodiversity  improves  customer  satisfaction
with our business and assists us to create sustainable,
thriving communities.
In Australia, sites of international and national importance
are generally conserved within our reserve systems.
Where this is not the case, biodiversity is heavily
regulated by Australia’s three tiers of government, further
underscoring  the importance  placed  on biodiversity  by the
general public. Actions focused on minimising biodiversity
thus mitigate compliance risks and facilitate productive
conversations with government authorities about how our
developments can maintain or enhance biodiversity value.
For more information on our approach to managing
biodiversity see our Biodiversity Deep Dive.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Biodiversity
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B.1 Overview
Overarching objectives for our management approach to
biodiversity are to:
•minimise our impact on ecological communities and
protected or significant  species•design communities to promote nature reserves
and parkland
B.2 Understanding biodiversity
value and impact
Our developments can maintain or enhance biodiversity
value through conservation, investment, secure
ownership, and ongoing management, especially when
compared  with  the existing  state  of many  pre-development
sites. These sites are often degraded habitat, facing
continued impacts from threatening processes. They are
also usually in private ownership with no certainty over
conservation  outcomes.  When  we develop  the site,  in some
cases we will retain the majority of biodiversity, and where
land is cleared, conservation in perpetuity of remaining
biodiversity or biodiversity off-site  provides certainty for
ecological communities and species.
We use a biodiversity calculator to assess the change
in biodiversity value of our projects based on an initial
pre-development value at a site. We developed the
biodiversity calculator in FY15 to quantify the impacts
of our projects and measure whether we are delivering
a positive contribution to biodiversity. The biodiversity
calculator assesses pre-and post-development conditions
to understand how development activities, rehabilitation
achievements, and conservation plans positively or
negatively impact on biodiversity values. The calculator
uses  information  on land  areas,  vegetation  types,  and other
attributes available in development planning documents.
The calculator’s  assessment  of biodiversity  value  considers
state and Commonwealth-listed threatened species,
size and condition of the assets, likely impact, and
agreed offsets.  In developing the calculator, we built on
established  methods  used  by the Green  Building  Council  of
Australia to measure changes in ecological value.B.3 Biodiversity
management approaches
We will generally apply the mitigation hierarchy through
our assessment and consideration of design and
management options. The mitigation hierarchy includes
1) avoid impacts, 2) minimise impacts, 3) restore cleared
or degraded areas, and finally  4) offset  impacts to our
projects where significant  biodiversity is identified.  We
will implement a range of programs to mitigate negative
impacts and deliver a positive overall contribution to
biodiversity. These may include rehabilitation programs,
on- and off-site  conservation, the provision of research
funding, and the reversal of impacts associated with
historical uses such as grazing. The company has a
commitment not to operate in World Heritage areas and
IUCN Category I-IV protected areas.
Factors that influence  biodiversity impacts and
management options vary across our development sites,
and include:
•nature  of the biodiversity  affected  – including  the type
of habitat,  community  or species,  the size and quality  of
the habitat and the viability of bushland, waterway and
open space corridors adjacent to our site.•planning and design – urban design considerations
such as access routes, the location of town centres,
public open space public transport options (both
proposed and existing), and the required lot size and
quantity to enhance viability and liveability of the
development. These decisions can impact the location
of infrastructure and housing and therefore biodiversity
conservation on a project site.•ongoing management – ownership opportunities and
responsibilities beyond the development phase of
the project. It is important that if decisions are
made to protect long-term biodiversity in urban
areas, appropriate ownership models are agreed,
such as public ownership by a local council or
state governments, private ownership options such
as Biobanking, planning instrument protection such
as environmental protection zones, and best practice
management considerations such as weed removal,
appropriate fire regimes and feral animal control.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Biodiversity
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Minimum performance standards are included in
our Residential Sustainability Policy, which helps our
communities  and assets  move  beyond  minimum  standards
that may vary according to local regulations.
We use a range of mechanisms to protect land containing
biodiversity including:
•the creation of parks and dedicated
conservation reserves;•the preparation of Biodiversity Management Plans;•covenants  on titles  where  areas  of significant  ecological
value are located on allotments;•conservation zoning and transfer of land to Councils
and/or public authorities; and•private ownership and management agreements
including conservation covenants or  Biobanking  (in
New South Wales).
Threatened species with habitat affected  by our activities
are considered as part of the environmental approval
process on each development. In many cases, we are able
to conserve local biodiversity and place most or all of the
significant  species found on our sites into protected areas.
These are then integrated into the protected area estates
managed by local or state-level agencies, which are then
available to the community and managed for conservation
in perpetuity.
We engage construction contractors on the basis that they
deliver on biodiversity objectives, including any actions
stipulated in project approval conditions. Contractors are
managed through regular site meetings and reporting to
facilitate compliance with biodiversity conditions.B.4 Biodiversity
management plans
Biodiversity management actions, including any actions
stipulated  as part  of a development  approval  from  any level
of government, are integrated into development plans for
each site.
Projects with significant  biodiversity are required to
prepare a biodiversity management plan (BMP), which
identifies  areas of biodiversity to be conserved or offsets
to be provided. It also provides details relating to the
rehabilitation  or revegetation  and protection  of biodiversity
and the provision of funding to enable appropriate
management of protected areas over the long term. The
timing  of the BMP  development  relates  to the conservation
objectives  specific  to that site,  noting  that this can occur  at
any stage throughout the development life cycle.
We partner with environmental or community groups to
deliver activities committed to in the BMPs, such as tree
planting, weeding and education programs.
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Biodiversity
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation of the management
approach
Our goal  is to better  understand  biodiversity  in the locations  where  we operate,  and to implement  protection,  management
and enhancement initiatives as appropriate. We set targets to guide our actions at three-year intervals.
We review and evaluate our performance against our biodiversity targets as part of our annual Biodiversity Deep Dive . In
this reporting, we include:
•a status update and progress against our short, medium and long-term targets;•detailed commentary on priority actions that contributed to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at particular locations.
We collect data and other reporting content associated with biodiversity from project teams through an annual data
collection process. The information collected generally relates to progress against biodiversity management objectives,
with  the exact  themes  varying  depending  on the project’s  stage  in the development  life cycle.  For example,  at the masterplan
completion  stage  projects  report  on expected  impacts  and management  planning.  During  construction,  reporting  moves  to
focus on delivery of management actions.
D. Responsibilities
Roles and responsibilities associated with our management approach to biodiversity are described in the table below.
Role Responsibilities
Board Sustainability Committee Oversight of biodiversity approach, targets and performance tracking
Chief Financial Officer Responsibility for biodiversity approach and initiatives
Reports directly to Managing Director and CEO
Group Executive and CEO Commercial Property
Group Executive and CEO CommunitiesDelivery of biodiversity strategy outcomes within their respective business units
Executive Committee Supports delivery of our biodiversity objectives
National Manager – Group Sustainability Effective  implementation and evaluation of our biodiversity approach
National Sustainability Managers Guide asset teams in effective  delivery of biodiversity initiatives
Development Managers and Project Managers Effective  management of biodiversity at a project level
 
E. Version control
Revision Published Owner Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Sustainability and Corporate Procurement –
2 August 2019 National Manager – Group Sustainability –
3 April 2020 National Manager - Group Sustainability
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Biodiversity
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach
to Carbon and Energy
A. Purpose
We have a long-standing commitment to manage climate
change risk, and this document sets out our approach
to mitigating climate change by managing energy use
and reducing carbon emissions. It should be read in
conjunction with our annual Carbon and Energy Deep
Dive  and our Climate Resilience Deep Dive  (available on
our website ), where  we report  on progress  against  climate
and community resilience priorities on an annual basis.
Together, our management approach documents, deep
dive reports  and our data  packs  comprise  our sustainability
reporting suite, which is prepared in adherence
to the International Integrated Reporting Framework
principles of materiality, stakeholder responsiveness,
reliability and completeness; in accordance with the GRI
Standards1(Comprehensive); and is third party assured .
We recognise our capacity to enhance the energy
efficiency  of our assets and have taken a proactive
approach to developing efficiency  strategies that have
generated  value  for our business  while  reducing  our carbon
emissions intensity.
The increasing  cost  of energy,  particularly  electricity,  poses
a challenge  for the property  industry  and for all Australians.
As electricity is an increasing proportion of our assets’
operating expenditure, improvements in energy efficiency
enable us to reduce cost and improve our operational
efficiency.  Integrating  energy  efficiency  considerations  into
the design and construction of our assets can also help to
reduce the energy requirements (and electricity costs) of
our tenants and residents.
The increasing cost of power also means that renewable
energy options such as solar have become cost-effective
choices for our energy supply. The declining cost of solar
infrastructure works in tandem with the increasing cost of
conventional energy to make solar installations a sound
business investment. We look to design and technology
innovation and access to alternative energy supplies and
product offerings  to help our customers and us realise a
cost-efficient,  zero carbon future.We are a signatory to the World Green Building Council's
Net Zero Building Commitment, and have commited to a
Net Zero 2030 future for our Retirement Living, Logistics
and Corporate Head Offices.
Our management approach to carbon and energy
recognises our capacity to both mitigate risks and take
advantage of opportunities resulting from climate change.
For more information on our approach to managing climate
risks and opportunities, including our alignment with
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
recommendations, please refer to our annual Carbon and
Energy Deep Dive  and Our Management Approach to
Climate Resilience.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Carbon and Energy
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B.1 Overview
To complement  our Group  sustainability  strategy,  in 2006  we developed  a Climate  Change  Action  Plan  to guide  and integrate
efforts  across our business units. Our Climate Change Action Plan is regularly reviewed and refreshed to maintain our
leadership in this space. The Climate Change Action Plan informs our approach in five key areas:
•monitoring emissions and energy use and streamlining reporting;•reducing emissions through both direct control and influence;•adapting to potential climate risks through research assessment and response (covered in detail in Our Management
Approach to Climate Resilience );•integrating innovative solutions into operations and development projects with suppliers (covered in detail in Our
Management Approach to Supply Chain ); and•effectively  communicating our position and performance.
This document sets out the targets that guide our carbon and energy initiatives and describes two key areas that focus our
approach: energy efficiency  and alternative energy.
B.2 Energy efficiency
Our Group-wide  focus  on energy  efficiency  manifests  differently  across  our Commercial  Property  and Communities  business
units.  The approach  also varies  depending  on different  stages  in a project’s  life cycle.  Each  business  unit has its own  specific
sustainability  policy.  This outlines  strategic  initiatives,  performance  standards  and specific  requirements  relating  to energy
efficiency  and climate  change  mitigation  to be considered  in the design,  construction  and operation  of projects  and assets.
To effectively  manage our energy efficiency  performance, we employ evidence-based decision-making tools and
certification.  We use the CCAP Precinct data management system (explained in greater detail below) to assess and
prioritise  the energy  initiatives  that deliver  the greatest  emission  reduction  outcomes  for the lowest  cost  in our Communities
business. Within Commercial Property, we review projects at a project level against our financial  hurdles.
We concentrate our energy and emissions reduction efforts  where we can specify the built form, set reduction targets
and performance standards. This applies largely in our Commercial Property business and increasingly in our Retirement
Living portfolio.
Design
We use the Green Building Council of Australia (GBCA) Green Star rating tools to support the design and delivery of energy
efficiency  initiatives across our portfolio and to set a platform for optimal performance.
All new Retail Town Centre, Workplace and Retirement Living developments are required to achieve a minimum 4 Star
Green Star certified  rating, with a strong focus on energy efficiency.  Retail Town Centre and Workplace redevelopments or
extensions  greater  than  8,000  square  metres  are also required  to achieve  a minimum  4 Star Green  Star rating,  with  a review  of
opportunities  to stretch  to 5 Stars.  We target  energy  credits  for greenhouse  gas emissions,  energy  sub-metering  and car park
ventilation, and management credits for commissioning and building tuning. By committing to these minimum standards,
we prioritise measures into design specifications  that enhance operational efficiency.
For our new Workplace  developments,  we enter  into a NABERS  Commitment  Agreement  that sets a clear  target  for achieving
a NABERS  outcome.  Early  commitment  in the schematic  design  stage  allows  the project  design  team  to follow  a protocol  for
modelling  energy  performance  in operation  and having  this independently  reviewed  and optimised.  Once  only  available  for
office  developments,  there  are now  protocols  available  to enter  into Commitment  Agreements  for shopping  centres,  which
will provide greater certainty on outcomes for our Retail Town Centre developments.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Carbon and Energy
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Within our built form product we have implemented minimum standards to help drive increases in energy and water
efficiency.  We use the Kinesis  CCAP  Precinct  tool to support  new project  bids.  CCAP  Precinct  is a leading  industry  recognised
masterplan modelling tool that benchmarks projects against regional averages and helps us to establish built form targets
against minimum building code requirements. The tool can be applied to masterplanned communities as well as smaller
scale built form developments, such as retirement villages and apartments. Modelled outputs include estimated energy
consumption and carbon emissions, water consumption, transport and associated cost estimates.
In our residential communities, where our customers generally select their own builders, we use masterplanning expertise
to ensure  residents  can take  advantage  of passive  design  benefits  such  as orientation.  We share  best  practice  across  projects
in our internal knowledge base, Better Places Hub. We also seek to influence  design choices through display homes and
community hubs that feature sustainable design elements and tools to make homes more efficient.  Since 2012 we have
also used covenant requirements, such as our cool roof covenant, which applies to homes across our new Sunshine Coast
projects. We have found that the benefits  of cool roofs, including improved thermal performance, reduced heating and
cooling  costs  and reduced  urban  heat  island  effect,  come  at no additional  cost  to build.  In Victoria,  we have  partnered  with
the Victorian Government to build two Zero Net Carbon Homes in our residential communities to showcase the benefits  of
low carbon living.
Development
Civil  works  on residential  development  projects  constitute  a major  source  of our emissions.  Civil  works  contractors  fall inside
our operational control boundary, as defined  by the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (NGER Act). Our
civil contractors use heavy equipment to move large volumes of spoil across sites to achieve development and landscape
levels. We work with our contractors to develop a bulk earthworks strategy for our sites with the aim of minimising vehicle
movements  on and off-site  and around  the site,  which  reduces  emissions.  As part  of developing  the bulk  earthworks  strategy,
we also look across projects within a region and seek to understand where we have excess spoil and whether spoil can be
diverted  to another  site to minimise  the amount  of soil that needs  to be brought  onto  a project.  This approach  saves  money,
reduces  our need  for fill from  distant  sources,  reduces  the amount  of earthworks  required,  and reduces  the carbon  emissions
associated with the development.
Development activity in our Commercial Property business is not within our operational control boundary, as ultimate
control of our Commercial Property developments lies with our principal contractors. As such, emissions from these
developments are not captured in our annual reporting; however, we work with our contractors to identify and
implement energy efficiency  improvements. We continue to investigate methodologies to enable effective,  meaningful
and accurate intensity calculations in our Communities developments, as varied approaches across projects compromise
consistent measurement.
Our design guidelines for our Retirement Living developments encourage reductions in energy use and emissions through
maximising solar orientation, installation of energy efficient  appliances, light fittings,  hot water systems, LED and sensor
activated  lighting  systems,  and consideration  of onsite  renewable  power  generation  (solar  power).  Our developments  target
Green Star ratings that have minimum energy performance criteria.
Operations
In Commercial  Property,  we undertake  NABERS  Energy  ratings  to benchmark  the performance  of our assets  against  industry
standards and to measure the effectiveness  of the initiatives implemented. In Workplace and Business Parks, we complete
NABERS ratings annually on all eligible assets within the portfolio. In Retail Town Centres, we complete NABERS ratings
across eligible assets within the portfolio annually, with coverage increasing over the past five years.
We invest  in energy  sub-metering  systems  to monitor  energy  consumption  in our Workplace,  Business  Parks  and Retail  Town
Centre assets. Energy sub-metering is a key tool for us to manage consumption and is critical to our ability to achieve our
targets.  Using  consultant  partners,  we monitor  and analyse  sub-metering  data  to provide  useful  information  and insights  to
our operations management teams on where we need to target any efforts  to reduce energy consumption.
Our approach to achieving carbon and energy objectives in our residential communities is primarily through influencing
design and associated infrastructure, however we also work with local councils, state government and industry partners
to deliver programs and initiatives within our communities on benefits  of energy efficient  practices and behaviours
among residents
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Carbon and Energy
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
We have a greater level of control over energy outcomes in medium density, completed homes, and apartment products.
In these instances, we embed initiatives into the homes that align with our carbon and energy targets and model the
performance of the homes over time.
In our Retirement Living portfolio, we have operational control of our clubhouses and common areas. We have completed
several night audits at select villages as well as monitoring energy and water usage at selected clubhouse and common
areas. The insights from these reviews are helping us to target sustainability projects within our portfolio, including energy
efficiency  upgrades.
B.3 Alternative energy
Our approach to alternative energy is focused predominantly on solar photovoltaics (PV) in our Commercial Property
portfolio,  though  we have  explored  the use of wind  and tri-generation  at certain  assets.  We have  been  at the forefront  of solar
PV investment in the Australian property industry, having set up the then largest solar PV rooftop installation at Stockland
Shellharbour in 2015 and commencing an industry-leading rollout of 16 MW solar PV capacity across 15 of our retail town
centres  in 2017  and 1MW  of solar  PV capacity  across  four logistics  assets.  We actively  assess  the most  appropriate  locations
to roll out solar across the portfolio and focus on alternative energy initiatives that meet our return on investment hurdle.
We have  solar  PV installations  on a large  proportion  of our retirement  living  homes.  We continue  to review  different  network
ownership and management models to understand how solar PV can be adopted in our residential communities on a
large scale. We also focus on building embedded energy networks across our retail town centres and retirement living
communities.  This enables  larger  installations  to meet  both  base  building  and tenancy  energy  requirements,  and enables  us
to reduce the cost of electricity for our tenants and gain visibility of asset-wide energy consumption data. We then identify
further emission reduction opportunities and work collaboratively with our tenants to further reduce their energy costs in
the future.
Similarly, for our residential communities, we look to raise awareness on the benefits  of solar power through educational
collateral  and industry  partnerships.  This encourages  the uptake  of solar  power  as a means  to help  reduce  ongoing  electricity
bills and dependence on grid-supplied power. In some instances, when we have needed to establish an onsite sales and
information  centre  prior  to services  and infrastructure  being  available,  we have  piloted  off-grid  installations  using  solar  and
battery storage solutions as an alternative to fossil fuel powered generators for electricity.
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Carbon and Energy
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation of the management
approach
We set targets and commitments to guide our approach to
managing energy use and reducing carbon emissions.
We review and report on our progress against our carbon
and energy commitments and targets as part of our
annual Carbon and Energy Deep Dive . In this reporting,
we include:
•a status  update  and progress  against  our short,  medium
and long-term targets;•detailed commentary on the priority actions that
contributed to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting
period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at
particular locations.
To evaluate  the effectiveness  of the management  approach,
we have a number of tools and checkpoints in place that
allow ongoing, progressive energy performance tracking
and review. Setting targets for performance and using
rating  tools  in design  and operation  facilitates  comparisons
with benchmarks that can be tracked over time. With the
assistance of sub-metering and monitoring, data capture
and management systems, we can readily check our
progress against targets and identify areas of divergence
that may require focused attention.We review  the effectiveness  of our approach  to operational
energy efficiency  by preparing an energy efficiency
evaluation  for our Retail  Town  Centre  assets.  This considers
the key financial  metrics relating to energy efficiency
and alternative energy investments, including the centre’s
capital  expenditure  investment,  gross  actual  savings,  gross
return on investment (savings/capex) and net return
on investment (savings/capex). This evaluation enables
us to compare the actual project outcomes to those
proposed and to use these findings  to inform future
investment decisions.
In addition to our annual sustainability reporting, we
prepare  regular  reports  of our progress  to senior  leadership
teams  and to our Board  as a means  of constantly  reviewing
our performance and providing opportunities for timely
adjustments to the management approach if required.
We also report our greenhouse gas emissions, energy
production and energy consumption to the Australian
Government annually, consistent with the requirements of
the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 .
We engage with industry bodies such as GBCA, Property
Council of Australia and other external stakeholders,
to stay informed of current trends, material issues
and industry benchmarks. We also regularly assess our
performance against that of our peers.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Carbon and Energy
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
Roles and responsibilities associated with delivering our approach to carbon and energy are described in the table below.
Role Responsibilities
Board Sustainability Committee Oversight of strategic approach to managing energy use and reducing our emissions,
including targets and performance tracking
Chief Financial Officer  (CFO) Responsibility  at a Group  level  for our strategic  approach  to managing  energy  use and
reducing our emissions, including targets and performance tracking
Reports directly to Managing Director and CEO
Executive Committee Supports delivery of our energy and emissions reduction strategy
National Manager – Group Sustainability Strategic identification  and evaluation of emissions reduction and alternate energy
initiatives across our diverse portfolio of assets
Development Managers and Asset Managers Effective  management of energy and emissions at project and asset level
Managing Director and CEO, CFO, business unit
CEOs, Development Managers, Asset Managers,
functional staffMeet key performance indicators relating to strategic energy and emissions
reduction targets
 
E. Version control
Revision Published Owner Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Sustainability and Corporate Procurement –
2 Auguest 2019 National Manager – Group Sustainability –
3 April 2020 National Manager - Group Sustainability
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Carbon and Energy
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach to
Climate Resilience
A. Purpose
This document sets out our approach to identifying,
assessing and managing risks to and opportunities for
our business resulting from climate change. It should be
read in conjunction with our annual Climate Resilience
Deep Dive  (available on our website ). Together, our
management approach documents, deep dive reports
and our data packs comprise our sustainability reporting
suite, which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
We have a long-standing commitment to manage climate
change risk and reduce our carbon emissions. Climate
change presents risks and opportunities for our business
and we are committed to identifying, assessing, and
managing these to support the resilience of our business
and assets as well as our communities. Climate resilience
refers to the ability to anticipate, prepare for, and respond
to hazardous events, trends, or disturbances related to
climate. Improving climate resilience involves assessing
how climate change will create new, or alter current,
climate-related risks, and taking steps to better cope with
these risks.2
•Transition risks - risks or opportunities associated
with the transition to a low-carbon economy. We
acknowledge that Australia and nearly 200 other
nations have agreed to the objective of limiting global
warming to below 2°C (the Paris Agreement).3 While
changes associated with the transition to a low-carbon
economy present risks across most industries, they
also create substantial opportunities for organisations
focused on climate change mitigation and adaptation
solutions. Our Management Approach to Carbon
and Energy  provides more information on how we
leverage these opportunities through energy efficiency
and renewable energy.•Physical risks - risks or opportunities associated with
physical impacts from changes to climatic conditions,
including extreme events. We are already experiencing
the physical impacts of climate change in the form of
gradual  changes  to climate  conditions  and an increased
frequency and severity of extreme weather events,
including  bushfires.  Extreme  weather  and other  climate-
related events have the potential to damage our assets,
disrupt operations and impact the health and wellbeing
of our customers and communities. For the benefit
of our stakeholders, and society more broadly, we
are committed to creating climate-resilient assets that
operate with minimal disruption, as well as building
strong communities that are equipped to adapt to
climate change risks and opportunities.
At Stockland we recognise there are also climate-related
social risks and opportunities. We have developed a
community resilience assessment methodology and have
been undertaking community resilience assessments
since FY16.
For more  information  on our approach  to Climate  Resilience
see our annual Climate Resilience Deep Dive .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
2Climate Resilience Portal, Centre for Climate and Energy Solutions, https://www.c2es.org/content/climate-resilience-overview/
3The Paris Agreement’s central aim is to strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change by keeping a global temperature rise this century well below 2 °C above
pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts  to limit the temperature increase even further to 1.5°C (https://bigpicture.unfccc.int/#content-the-paris-agreement)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Overview
We developed a Climate Change Action Plan in 2006 and a Climate Adaptation Strategy in 2011 to identify, mitigate and
adapt to the perceived risks of climate change. This management approach document focuses on the key priorities within
our Climate Change Action Plan to research, assess, and adapt to risks associated with climate change. Our priorities to
reduce  our emissions  and integrate  innovative  climate  change  solutions  into our projects  are described  in Our Management
Approach to Carbon and Energy  and Our Management Approach to Supply Chain .
Our response to the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations in our Annual Report
provides details on how our governance and risk management frameworks address climate change.
B2. Identifying and assessing climate-related risks and opportunities
The first step in managing climate resilience is to identify key climate-related risks and opportunities. For over a decade,
we have identified  risks and opportunities related to both the physical impacts of climate change and a global transition to
lower-carbon  energy  sources.  Our response  to these  risks  and opportunities  has been  guided  by our Climate  Change  Action
Plan (commenced in 2006) and our detailed Climate Adaptation Strategy (commenced in 2011).
Climate-related risks will persist for the foreseeable future and the nature of these risks depends on complex factors such
as policy change, technology development and market forces. To accommodate this uncertainty, we incorporate scenario
analysis  into our climate  risk assessment  process  to understand  how  climate-related  risks  and opportunities  may  evolve  and
impact the business over time. Scenario analysis is a well-established method for enhancing resilience to a range of future
conditions and is a key recommendation of the TCFD.
We use the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP) scenarios to
explore  both  physical  and transition  risk.  The nature  of climate-related  risk changes  according  to varied  assumptions  about
future policy, technology, and climate changes incorporated into each IPCC RCP scenario.
In the business-as-usual  scenario  where  emissions  continue  rising  at current  rates  (known  as RCP 8.5),  business  is exposed
to increasing levels of physical risk from changing climatic conditions. In the ‘aggressive’ mitigation scenario where global
emissions are halved by 2050 (known as RCP 2.6), business would experience less risk from changing climatic conditions,
yet would be exposed to transition risks related to policy change.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Physical Risks
We acknowledge  that physical  risks  associated  with  climate  change  can result  in negative  financial  impacts,  such  as through
increased maintenance costs or decreased revenues from disrupted operations. In recognition of these potential impacts,
we are committed to creating climate-resilient assets and communities with a greater ability to endure severe weather
impacts and operate with minimal disruption.
In 2012 we developed a climate resilience assessment methodology that sets out the criteria to assess the resilience of
individual  properties  and their  communities  across  all types  of properties  within  Stockland’s  portfolio.  This methodology  was
reviewed  and updated  in 2020.  We conduct  a national  mapping  exercise  based  on the projected  changes  to climate  variables
in order  to identify  the level  of exposure  for all assets  in our portfolio  (including  those  under  development)  and we prioritise
assets for further assessment based on their level of exposure. Our climate resilience assessment methodology focuses on
the vulnerability  of an asset  to climate  change,  particularly  its ability  to endure  severe  weather  impacts  and operate  without
disruption.  As outlined  in the figure  below,  the methodology  defines  key resilience  criteria,  with  a particular  focus  on location
and design, structure, operation and maintenance, utilities and services, and stakeholders. These attributes are assessed
for their exposure to:
•future climate effects  - the degree of exposure a building has to weather events based on its geographic location, such
as North Queensland where there is a high exposure to cyclones;•property elements - the physical and operational attributes of a building that make it vulnerable or resilient to those
climate effects,  such as condition of box gutters expected to cope with high volumes of stormwater; and•climate  risks  - the potential  impacts  of weather  related  events  on a building  based  on its location  and attributes,  such  as
loss of trade due to local flooding  or air conditioning failure on hot days.
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
The assessments of each component are combined to provide an overall climate resilience score on a scale from 1 to 25,
from  outstanding  resilience  to high  vulnerability.  We then  develop  resilience  action  plans  that integrate  resilience-building
initiatives  into asset  management  plans,  with  a view  to improving  the resilience  of the assets  over  time  by minimising  negative
impacts  and creating  opportunities,  including  reduced  maintenance,  reduced  insurance  premiums  and increased  revenues
from increasing consumer preferences for climate-resilient products.
Climate Resilience Assessment Methodology
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Physical risk assessment tool
In 2019  we developed  a Group  Resilience  Assessment  Tool  that centralised  all existing  assessments  on individual  properties
in order  to help  us to understand  physical  climate  risk at a portfolio  level.  This tool aligns  our climate  resilience  assessment
with  the Stockland  Enterprise  Risk Framework.  This tool will provide  results  that are comparable  to and can be benchmarked
across Stockland's assets and portfolios in a centralised system. The tool enables Stockland staff  to monitor and evaluate
adaptation actions over time.
Transition Risks
Carbon emissions regulation and climate-related land development regulation are examples of transition risks that may
impact our business through the pricing of energy required to develop and operate our assets. We use scenario analysis to
explore  how  transition  risks  may  evolve  over  time,  leveraging  publicly  available  scenarios  published  by the IPCC  and the Deep
Decarbonisation Pathways Project. Each scenario includes transition risks and opportunities that fall into four categories:
•policy and legal  issues that lead to financial  impacts through taxes or subsidies, through mandating capital
improvements that require additional investment, or through increased liability risk•technology  issues that lead to financial  impacts through changes to how we procure and use energy in development,
operations, and transport•market  considerations that lead to financial  impacts through changes to consumer preferences and prices of goods
and services•reputational  issues  that lead  to financial  impacts  through  affecting  stakeholder  willingness  to transact  or partner  with  us.
Each of these scenarios offers  a unique vision of how policies, technologies and economic outcomes evolve through 2050
as the world pursues the objective of limiting global warming to 2oC.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B3. Key categories of climate-related risks and opportunities
The table  below  describes  key categories  of climate-related  risks  and opportunities  that we have  identified  for our business.
Climate-related risks Positive financial  impact potential Negative impact on Stockland
Acute physical risks
including heatwaves,
cyclones, floods
and bushfires.Resilient assets that can withstand acute physical risks,
promote  business  continuity,  attract  tenants/customers
and receive insurance benefitsIncreased expenditure on repairs, loss of business
continuity and potentially higher insurance premiums.
Chronic physical risks
including increases to
mean temperatures, long-
term changes to rainfall
patterns and sea level rise.Designing and constructing ‘future-proof’ assets and
communities  that accommodate  future  climate  changes
and thus prevent the need for expensive retrofits.
Integrating climate risk into the due diligence process
for acquisitions to minimise the risk of acquiring land or
assets that may become impaired in the future.Expenditure required to upgrade facilities to cope with
changed climatic conditions (e.g. early upgrades of air
conditioning units to manage rising temperatures).
Lost revenue associated with the inability to develop
on land that we own because of flooding  or sea level
rise concerns.
Policy-related transition
risks  including carbon
pricing, incentives
for low/zero carbon
energy production, land
development regulations
and changes to
building standards.On-site generation and sale of low/zero carbon energy,
from proactively upgrading assets to enhance efficiency
and avoid cost increases.
Proactively assessing the resilience of land that we own
and acquire  to maximise  development  opportunities  into
the future.Increased development and operational costs
associated with enhanced building standards.
Lost revenue associated with regulation that limits the
development capacity of land that we own.
Legal transition risks
including liability
surrounding climate risk
disclosure and changes to
insurability of assets.Efficiency  and resilience initiatives that reduce our
insurance costs.
Enhanced climate risk disclosure that minimises
likelihood of fines  and judgements against us.Inadequate disclosure of climate-related risks.
Inability to insure our assets.
Technology-related
transition risks  including
decarbonisation of
Australia’s National
Electricity Market,
electrification,  advances
in battery storage, and
energy efficiency.Opportunity to leverage technological advances to
reduce costs through energy efficiency  and renewable
energy, and to more readily meet climate-related
regulatory requirements.Increased investment required in low-
carbon technology.
If technological disruption leads to energy pricing
variability, difficulty  in planning capital expenditure,
and/or a need to upgrade our assets in a short
time frame.
Market-related  transition
risks  including investors
and lending institutions
favouring low-carbon
investments and
consumers demanding
low-carbon products.Our continued leadership in climate risk management,
in the form of enhanced revenues from customers who
prefer low-carbon products.
Enhanced capacity to attract investment from
investors favouring companies with strong climate
risk management.Reduced attractiveness of our assets and our business
from an investment perspective if we fail to manage
climate risk appropriately.
Reputational transition
risks  including failing
to attract funding,
employees, and project
approvals because of a
perceived lack of action on
climate change.Continued leadership in energy efficiency,  renewable
energy, and climate resilience; for example,
increased revenues if we can remain a preferred
development  partner  for governments  interested  in low-
carbon solutions.
Decreased costs associated with lower employee
turnover because employees feel their work is
contributing to the low-carbon transition.Reputation risk due to a perception that we are not
contributing  to the low-carbon  transition  as much  as our
peers and competitors.
Reduced revenues if customers prefer competitor
products, or increased hiring costs as prospective
employees prefer to work for peers.
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B4. Managing climate-related risks and opportunities
Physical risk management
Given the potential for climate-related physical risks to damage assets and bring about potential losses, we have included
these risks and the potential financial  implications in our enterprise risk framework. We implement initiatives that improve
the resilience of our assets, and thereby reduce the risk of business disruption to our customers and residents. Improving
resilience also mitigates potential future costs associated with maintenance, upgrade and emergency response initiatives.
This contributes to our competitive position as a leading creator of places that meet the needs of our customers
Managing physical risks identified  during resilience assessments
Physical  risks  and opportunities  identified  within  our climate  and community  resilience  assessments  are prioritised  for action
based on:
•impact on communities and the environment in which the asset is operating•overall potential impact on asset performance•financial  impact to the business in managing the risk or opportunity.
Across our portfolio, physical risks and opportunities are prioritised for action based on:
•geographical areas of highest risk•lessons learned and perceived likelihood of significant  loss•impact on local communities and environment (relative to where we operate)•design attributes of the asset that affect  climate resilience•climate change scenarios for the medium and long term•overall impact on business-wide emissions reductions, and•overall risk to portfolio value and revenue.
Recommendations for minimising impacts of physical risks may include the implementation of operational responses,
maintenance  regimes,  emergency  response  plans  and community  development  programs  that focus  on improving  the health
and wellbeing of our communities. Key recommendations identified  during the risk management process are included in a
resilience action plan that is integrated with annual sustainability and asset/business planning processes.
While we acknowledge that managing climate change risk can involve additional costs, management of climate risks is an
opportunity to develop resilient, future-proof assets. Our approach to physical risk and investment in the resilience of our
assets has been acknowledged by our insurers through a reduction in our premiums at certain locations.
Asset design and ongoing operations
Our project  teams  consider  climate-related  risks  and opportunities  in the design  of our assets  by including  principles-based
criteria in our design guidelines and minimum standards. We integrate the outcomes of our climate scenario analysis into
the designs  of our assets  in development  so that they  consider  how  physical  risks  may  impact  stormwater  drainage,  roofing,
and air conditioning systems, as well as how the asset can take advantage of low/zero carbon energy solutions.
We develop  emergency  management  plans  for all our assets  and update  them  as required.  In addition  to using  a traditional
risk matrix for climate vulnerability, we also use an opportunities matrix to identify the value of discretionary climate
resilience initiatives such as shade sails in our car parks and cool roof covenants in our Queensland residential projects
such as North Shore and Aura. These initiatives are prioritised based on their ability to reduce the asset’s vulnerability to
physical risk.
Our climate resilience approach has been recognised by the Green Building Council of Australia’s Green Star rating tools
as meeting the aim of their Adaptation and Resilience credit. New Retail Town Centre, Workplace and Retirement Living
developments implement our approach to climate and community resilience and aim for recognition as Green Star rated
facilities.1 For our residential  communities  rated  under  Green  Star Communities,  we have  climate  adaptation  and resilience
plans for project teams on how to create resilient communities throughout the life of the development.
1All new retail town centre and office  developments must achieve a Green Star rating (as per our policy). Retail town centre extensions or redevelopment projects must achieve a
Green Star rating where a project is larger than 8,000 m2.
7 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Transition risk management
Our Government Relations, Investor Relations, Group Risk, Group Legal and Sustainability teams keep the Executive
Committee  and Board  informed  on existing  or emerging  climate  regulation  that may  impact  on the business.  In response  to
regulatory  and market  risks  relating  to energy  supply  and demand,  Stockland  is committed  to promoting  efficient  operation
of our assets and increasing our renewable energy capacity.
We participate  in industry-wide  collaborations  (Property  Council  of Australia,  Green  Building  Council  of Australia,  Australian
Sustainable Built Environment Council, Investor Group on Climate Change) that focus on how the property industry can
lead the transition to a low-carbon economy. Through these collaborations we have developed and published pathways
and standards for how the built environment can reduce emissions and ultimately become zero carbon. Our Management
Approach to Carbon and Energy  describes how we manage risks associated with carbon emissions regulation through
focusing on energy efficiency  and renewable energy.
B5. Community resilience
Community resilience is integrated as part of our broader climate resilience approach that assesses known factors of
community resilience such as social cohesion, economic viability and connectivity. The assessment process identifies
how our community development planning can contribute to community resilience at our assets. Key components of the
assessment include:
•measuring the resilience of the asset against key features of a resilient community•identifying the features of the community that may or may not contribute towards being resilient•informing areas of improvement for community resilience to be implemented as part of community development
initiatives within the asset or development.
Assessing both climate and community resilience allows us to plan for the resilience of buildings and infrastructure as
well as our residents’ ability to respond to significant  climatic events. Climate resilience assessments are undertaken
on all Commercial and Communities developments seeking Green Star Communities and Green Star Design & As
Built certifications.
Community Resilience Assessment Methodology
8 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation
of the management approach
We review  and report  on our progress  against  our climate  resilience  priorities  and targets  in our annual  Climate  Resilience
Deep Dive . In this reporting, we include:
•a status update and progress against our short, medium and long-term targets;•detailed commentary on the priority actions that contributed to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at particular locations.
Across  our Commercial  Property  business,  we review  climate  resilience  action  plans  to track  progress  on the implementation
of initiatives following the initial assessment. Reassessment of the assets reviewed to date will be conducted over time to
measure  the improvements  in resilience  against  the actions  that were  recommended  at the time  of the original  assessment.
In our Communities business, we track and evaluate the implementation of recommendations in our asset-specific
sustainability plans. This provides us with the ability to measure the success of the initiatives and articulate the value of
undertaking the climate and community resilience assessments. Assets are prioritised for reassessment based on their
status as high-risk assets and based on whether they have been subject to resilience investments.
9 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
The table  below  describes  key roles  and responsibilities  associated  with  our approach  to climate  and community  resilience.
Role Responsibilities
Board Sustainability Committee Oversight of approach to climate resilience, including targets and
performance tracking
Chief Financial Officer  (CFO) Responsibility for our approach to climate resilience at a Group level
Reports directly to Managing Director and CEO
Group  Executive  and CEO  Commercial  Property  Group
Executive and CEO CommunitiesUltimate accountability for delivery of climate resilience within respective portfolios
Executive Committee Supports the delivery our climate resilience approach
National Manager – Group Sustainability Effective  implementation and evaluation of our approach to climate resilience
National Sustainability Managers Guidance of asset teams in effective  delivery of our sustainability policy and
supporting toolkits
Development and Operations teams Effective  management of a climate resilience approach at the project and asset level
through the implementation of identified  resilience actions
 
E. Version control
Revision Date Owner(s) Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Sustainability and Corporate Procurement
2 August 2019 National Manager – Group Sustainability
3 March 2020 National Manager - Group Sustainability
10 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach to
Waste and Materials
A. Purpose
This document sets out our approach to waste
management and materials use across our business.
It should be read in conjunction with our Waste and
Materials Deep Dive  (available on our website ), where
we report on progress against waste and materials
priorities on an annual basis. Together, our management
approach documents, deep dive reports and our
data packs comprise our sustainability reporting suite,
which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
We acknowledge that the development and operation of
buildings  account  for large  quantities  of waste  and material
usage,  which  we can manage  to minimise  negative  impacts.
Waste treatment and disposal can have a major impact on
the surrounding environment. Examples include nutrient
pollution of groundwater and waterways, air quality
issues from incineration, and greenhouse gas emissions
from landfills.  We take these impacts seriously and are
committed to managing our waste efficiently.  We seek to
reduce, reuse and recycle our waste whenever feasible,
minimising our contribution to landfill.
We equally acknowledge that the use of virgin materials
can have significant  impacts on environmental and
human health. By specifying the use of ecologically
and health preferable materials and recycled materials
in our developments, we are able to deliver tangible
environmental, social and business benefits.
For more information on our approach to waste
management and materials use across our business see
our Waste and Materials Deep Dive.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Waste and Materials
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Overview
Overarching objectives for our management approach to
waste and materials are to:
•reduce, reuse and recycle waste in our developments
and operations, minimising our contribution to landfill•use ecologically-preferable materials.
The materials and equipment used within our assets have
a significant  bearing on the capital cost of our projects and
on the operating cost and efficiency  of the assets own and
manage. We therefore endeavour to control aspects of the
material  supply  chain  by specifying  minimum  sustainability
requirements wherever possible.
We have a national approach to waste management for
each asset class under which waste is appropriately
segregated, stored and disposed of in accordance
with regulatory requirements. Waste and recycling
management plans are prepared for each asset, both in
operation and in construction, to successfully manage the
environmental impacts associated with production and
disposal  of waste.  The plans  outline  the waste  and recycling
systems employed at the asset for the disposal of waste
produced during operation or in development.Key objectives for the waste and recycling management
plans are to:
•reduce the amount of general waste produced by
office  tenants, retailers, contractors and customers,
and encourage greater levels of recycling•implement management systems to measure, record
and monitor waste and recycling at the asset•continuously improve on these metrics and benchmark
against other assets•provide training and education for tenants,
contractors and our employees promoting good waste
management habits.
The waste management plan outlines how various waste
streams should be managed including:
•communal waste areas and recycling points•solid waste•liquid waste•waste water•hazardous waste•special waste (e.g. clinical, pharmaceutical, drug or
medicine waste)•construction and demolition waste.
In addition to general waste management, our
sustainability guidelines for each business unit outline
the minimum standards and requirements regarding to
waste diversion. These guidelines also sets minimum
requirements for asset performance and natural resource
consumption during the life of the asset, which further
minimises wastage.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Waste and Materials
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B2. Development
Materials
Our sustainability guidelines and related standards guide
materials selection in our development projects. We also
use the Green Star Design & As Built rating tool, which
covers materials selection such as timber, steel, concrete
and PVC.
Materials-related credits within Green Star aim to improve
the environmental impacts of building products and
materials by taking into consideration issues pertaining
to the lifespan, life cycle and end-use of these resources.1
The Green Star Materials category consists of credits that
facilitate and recognise the efficient  use and management
of building and fitout  materials. Materials credits reward
overall reductions to the amount of materials used, the
reuse of building materials, the amount of waste materials
sent to landfill  and the specification  of recycled and
recyclable materials wherever possible.
All new Retail Town Centre, Workplace and Business Parks
developments,  as well as redevelopments  exceeding  8,000
square metres, are required to achieve a minimum 4
Star Green Star Design & As Built rating with a review
of opportunities to stretch to 5 Star. As part of our
commitment  to deliver  projects  with  sustainable  materials
practices, our development contracts incorporate our
Green Star materials selection requirements. We produce
sustainability plans for development projects across all
business  units  to set the design  parameters  for our engaged
contractors.  The sustainability  plans  form  part  of the tender
documents  and specify  minimum  material  requirements  to
achieve the minimum Green Star rating. Contractors are
required to submit their design to Green Building Council
of Australia  (GBCA)  for a design  rating  assessment.  We also
engage  directly  with  contractors  regarding  their  adherence
to sustainability plans throughout development. The
contract  specifications  also include  the sustainability  plans
and standards set in the business-specific  sustainability
guidelines. Upon project completion, the contractor is
required to submit the project for a Green Star Design & As
Built rating.
Materials  selection  and use across  the business  is governed
by our Materials Schedule, which provides guidance to
projects  and suppliers  in selecting  materials  in accordance
with our sustainability policy. The materials schedule
provides a consistent approach to materials selection
and use across the business. The schedule is intended
as an overview of the key requirements for projects to
encourage environmentally responsible actions, and will
assist projects to select materials that:
•avoid pollution•are safe, and contribute to healthy environments for
humans and ecosystems•are responsibly sourced or have a sustainable
supply chain•are produced sustainably and transparently•are recycled or reused•have low embodied energy•avoid resource depletion.
We have identified  high-impact and common materials
and issues for inclusion in this materials schedule,
however we encourage project teams to also identify
further sustainability initiatives during the materials
selection process.
In addition to working with our suppliers in relation
to development and construction work, we undertake
comprehensive due diligence for all new real estate
acquisitions  including  in relation  to construction  materials.
We have  been  responsive  to new and anticipated  legislation
relating to façade cladding on our existing asset portfolio
and we continue to follow the state-based registration
process and keep abreast of any legislative changes.
We encourage contractors to use and recycle materials
wherever practical, however as we are not responsible
for sourcing materials, we do not capture data related to
the weight, value, volume, or recycled content level of
materials  used.  Upon  project  completion,  the contractor  is
required  to submit  this data  to achieve  a Green  Star Design
& As Built rating.
Waste management
Our development projects set minimum construction and
demolition management requirements in line with Green
Star requirements to encourage practices that reduce the
environmental impact of waste.
Minimum standards for construction waste recycling are
outlined in our development contracts and aligned to
core Green Star commitments. Our standards align with
Green Star commitments by targeting waste diversion as
a minimum of 90 per cent of total waste generated or a
bespoke  target  of waste  diversion  compared  to a reference
building. Given recycling rates can vary from project to
project depending on the types of materials recovered
during demolition or used during construction, we set
targets on a project-by-project basis depending on the
predicted mass of waste being generated.
For redevelopments under 8,000 square metres where we
typically do not pursue a Green Star rating, we establish
a Green Plan for the project that adopts a number of
sustainability design initiatives and targets for the project
based on Green Star criteria. We will set a minimum
construction waste landfill  diversion target of 80 per cent
for these small projects.
1Green Star Design & As Built v1.2 Submission Guidelines
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Waste and Materials
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
We require that contractors comply with all
relevant environmental protection legislation including
contamination and waste dumping. Contractors are
required  to provide  a strategy  during  the tender  process  to
outline how they will meet the minimum requirements,
and during the construction period documentation is
submitted to Stockland to validate their adherence to
these standards. Our construction contracts in each
of our business units require that an Environmental
Management Plan (EMP) be developed by the relevant
building contractor so that construction activities reflect
the vision and design requirements and respond to policy
and regulation appropriately. In addition, all of our
contractors on projects seeking a Green Star rating with
contracts over $5 million (for Green Star Communities) or
$10 million  (for Green  Star Design  & As Built)  are required  to
have a valid ISO 14001 Environmental Management System
accreditation prior to and throughout the duration of the
project contract.
For our Commercial Property developments, we require
the provision  of suitable  areas  for tenant  recycling  facilities
and encourage  and support  retailers  undertaking  a tenancy
fitout  in shopping centres to recycle as much of their
construction waste as possible, as outlined in Stockland
Tenancy and Delivery Guidelines. In our Retirement Living
developments, we integrate recycling practices into the
standard  design  guidelines  for clubhouses  and homes  in all
new developments.
We collect waste data from our Commercial Property
and Communities development contractors to help us
better  understand  volumes  of waste  from  our sites  that are
sent to landfill  and/or recycled. Ultimate waste disposal,
including  movements  of hazardous  waste  and international
shipments of waste, is controlled by contractors and thus
not within the scope of material indicators included in
our reporting.
B3. Operations
Materials
The most significant  opportunity we have to influence
the materials used in the operation of our business is
in our Commercial Property business, most specifically
our Retail Town Centre portfolio. We are constantly
exploring opportunities to enhance the materials used
in the operation of our retail town centres to improve
efficiency,  enhance performance and minimise impacts on
the environment.We also engage with our tenants to improve the
sustainability of materials used in our portfolio. For
workplace and retail town centre tenancy fitouts,  we
have specific  guidelines for materials selection, set out
in our Green Office  Fitout Guide and the Retail Design and
Fitout Guide. Our Workplace, Logistics and Retail Town
Centre leases contain clauses that encourage tenants to
implement fitouts  in line with these guides.
Waste management
We set minimum waste recycling targets for the operation
of our Commercial Property business where we have a
high degree of influence  to help reduce waste and manage
the use of materials. We have incorporated new waste
reporting criteria into our waste contracts and adopted
requirements from the Better Business Partnership (BBP)
Operational  Waste  Guidelines  into our waste  and recycling
contract specifications,  which will be a significant  step
towards providing more accurate data on waste recovery
and disposal.  This improved  accuracy  will allow  us to better
understand how waste is being managed and therefore
develop appropriate strategies to increase diversions.
We work towards our business unit targets by setting
specific  diversion targets (per cent diversion from
landfill)  for each Commercial Property asset to facilitate
achievement of our overall waste and recycling goals each
year. We also require colour-coded signage on mall waste
bins in our Retail Town Centres, as well as in loading
dock areas. We do not set targets related to total waste
generation because levels of waste are directly correlated
to levels  of visitation,  which  is not within  our direct  control.
We continue to explore opportunities for more effective
disposal of organic waste across our Retail portfolio. For
example, at Stockland Cairns (Qld), our waste is taken
to SITA’s Advanced Resource Recovery Technology (ARRT)
facility,  which  sorts  non-organic  materials  from  mixed  solid
waste. Dry materials are manufactured into alternative
fuels that replace fossil fuels in industrial furnaces, and
organic  waste  is processed  in accordance  with  appropriate
Australian standards to produce high quality compost,
which is sold to local horticultural enterprises, such as
sugarcane producers.
At our Retirement Living communities, residents’ homes
are generally serviced by local council waste services.
We therefore have limited visibility or control of waste
generation and recycling streams and are continuing
to explore options with waste contractors that service
our clubhouses. 
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Waste and Materials
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation
of the management approach
We review and report on our progress against our waste
management and materials use targets as part of our
annual Waste and Materials Deep Dive . In this reporting,
we include:
•a status update and progress against our our short,
medium and long-term targets;•detailed commentary on the priority actions that
contributed to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting
period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at
particular locations.
We continue to monitor industry standards regarding
waste management and material specification  and to
identify best practice processes and procedures across
our asset classes.
We stay informed  of material  and waste  innovations  for use
in the design,  development  and operation  of our assets,  and
also collaborate  with  industry  partners  to identify,  develop
and/or trial innovative materials.
We engage with our development contractors to
confirm  adherence to the sustainability plans, their
use of specified  sustainable materials, and to identify
improvements to their construction waste management
approach. Contractor compliance with our sustainability
and materials requirements is monitored via our quality
assurance processes.
During the tender phase, contractors provide a strategy
outlining how the specified  minimum waste management
requirements will be met. During the construction period,
documentation  is submitted  to us to validate  the adherence
to these standards. Upon project completion of Green
Star projects, the contractor is required to submit the
project for a Green Star Design & As Built rating and
materials attributes are also considered within Green
Star Communities.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Waste and Materials
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
The table below describes key roles and responsibilities associated with our approach to waste management and
materials use.
Role Responsibilities
Board Sustainability Committee Oversight of approach to waste, recycling and materials selection, including targets
and performance tracking
Chief Financial Officer  (CFO) Responsibility at Group level for environmental performance, including waste,
recycling and materials
Reports directly to Managing Director and CEO
Group Executive and CEO Commercial Property
Group Executive and CEO CommunitiesResponsible and sustainable materials sourcing and waste management by their
teams, business units and within their activities and projects
Executive Committee Supports the delivery of our waste management and materials use approach
National Manager – Group Sustainability Waste management strategy development
Reports directly to CFO
National Sustainability Managers Identification  of risks and opportunities regarding materials use and waste/
recycling initiatives
Collaboration with business units on specifications  for materials use
General Manager – Group Project Management and
Direct ProcurementIncorporation and administration of minimum waste and material sustainability
requirements into commercial property, residential and retirement living
construction contracts
Development Managers and Asset Managers Effective  management of waste and recycling at a project and asset level
Alignment with specifications  and standards set by our policies and external
certification  requirements regarding materials used in development
Managing Director and CEO, COO, business unit
CEOs, Development/Project/Asset Managers and
functional staffAchievement of key performance indicators relating to strategic waste and recycling
reduction targets
 
E. Version control
Revision Date Owner(s) Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Sustainability and Corporate Procurement
2 August 2019 National Manager – Group Sustainability
3 March 2020 National Manager – Group Sustainability
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Waste and Materials
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach to
Water Management and Quality
A. Purpose
This document  sets out our approach  to managing  water  in
the development and operation of our assets. It should
be read in conjunction with our Water Management
and Quality Deep Dive  (available on our website ),
where we report on progress against water efficiency
and quality priorities on an annual basis. Together, our
management approach documents, deep dive reports
and our data packs comprise our sustainability reporting
suite, which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
Water plays an important role in making our communities
and assets attractive, healthy and efficient  places in which
our customers want to live, work, shop, and play. Water
is also critical for broader environmental health and social
wellbeing, and its availability is influenced  by Australia’s
variable climate that can fluctuate  between periods of
water scarcity (often resulting in water restrictions) and
severe flooding.As a responsible real estate developer, we maintain
a strong focus on water management and quality in
the development and operation of our assets, including
improving the quality of rainwater run-off  leaving our
project sites and downstream impacts on receiving water
bodies, access to alternate water infrastructure, and
practical innovation to support more efficient  water use.
Our focus on water management acknowledges the
financial  costs associated with water consumption and
the impacts of excessive consumption on water reserves,
particularly in times of water stress. Effective  water
management delivers significant  benefits  to the natural
environment, to broader society, and to our business by
enabling performance and cost efficiencies.
For more  information  on our approach  to managing  water  in
the development  and operation  of our assets  see our Water
Management and Quality Deep Dive .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Water Management and Quality
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Overview
Overarching objectives for our management approach to
water efficiency  quality are to:
•focus on water efficiency  and sustainable sourcing•deliver projects that minimise water use and positively
contribute to local water catchments.These objectives are integrated into our sustainability
policies for each business unit. Our water management
approach varies across business units because of the
different  opportunities that exist for us to influence  these
aspects  during  development  and operation  of assets  within
each asset class.
The table below summarises our water management
approach for each business unit.
Individual project teams consider and plan water
management initiatives through the development of an
environment plan (for development projects), through
the asset or capital expenditure planning process (for
operating assets), or as part of an asset certification
process (e.g. Green Star).
Business Unit Focus Why? How?
Commercial
Property (Retail
Town Centres,
Workplace and
Logistics)Manage water consumption
and enable operational
efficiency  across our Commercial
Property assets.
Inclusion of water efficiency
objectives into developments.Promotes more efficient
operations,  delivering  cost  savings
to the business. Maintains the
ongoing viability of our assets
given the cyclical nature of
water stress.
Reduces waste water and
improves availability of
water supply.We use Green  Star – Performance  and NABERS  to
benchmark  water  consumption  and performance
across our Retail Town Centre, Workplace and,
where relevant Logistics assets.
Our focus for Workplace and Retail Town
Centres has been primarily leak identification
and consumption management.
We integrate water-efficient  design in our
developments  and major  amenity  upgrades  using
specified  products and minimum standards to
achieve Green Star ratings
Communities
(Residential and
Retirement Living)Construct and deliver high quality
potable and non-potable water
supply, while minimising water
use in construction and operation
through design, management and
enabling operational efficiency.  
Contribute positively to the health
of nearby  catchments  by designing
and managing stormwater run-off
and maintaining the the quality
of water that is released to
the environment.Stakeholders such as local
authorities and the general public
expect water use and quality
to be managed appropriately
during development. Effectively
integrating these aspects into the
design and development of our
communities facilitates project
approvals and contributes to the
protection and preservation of
ecological values.
Initiatives focused on water
supply to our communities
contribute to their resilience of
these communities in times of
water stress.
Promotes more efficient
retirement living operations,
delivering cost savings to
the business.
Reduce the footprint of potable
water supply and reduce costs
to residents.We monitor water use during both construction
and delivery  of our projects.  We have  established
water  efficiency  targets  for our built  form  product
using the CCAP Precinct tool1.Modelling is used
to test options  for reducing  consumption  through
ongoing monitoring and data collection, and
target review.
We seek to mitigate the impact of our
developments on natural ecosystems and
water supplies through water sensitive urban
design (WSUD). We require WSUD on all new
Communities developments.
At all new retirement living community
developments and and approved residential
communities, we use Green Star to benchmark
and test options  for reducing  consumption  in the
completed project.
We promote and facilitate efficient  water use
practices and investigate the viability of the
provision of lower cost recycled/alternative
water supply options..
1 We  use the CCAP  Precinct  tool to help  manage  the environmental  impact  of our projects.  It is a mathematical  planning  tool that  enables  a project  to model  and test different  design
and technology options and identifies  the most cost-effective  options to improve water management.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Water Management and Quality
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B2. Design and Development
We use the Green Building Council of Australia (GBCA)
Green Star rating tools to support the design and delivery
of water initiatives and to set a platform for optimal
performance. All new Retail Town Centre, Workplace and
Retirement Living developments, and Retail Town Centre
and Workplace redevelopments in excess of 8,000 square
metres, are required to achieve a minimum 4 star Green
Star rating with a review of opportunities to stretch to
5 stars. Green Star sets minimum standards for water
management and certification  assists our assets to meet
our water management targets.
At our Communities built form projects we set a target of
improving  water  efficiency  by a minimum  of 5 per cent  when
compared to the National Construction Code (NCC) and
state-based regulatory requirements. We collect data for
each  home  we build  to assess  our performance  against  our
targets, with the intent of target review every three years.
Incorporation of water efficiency  into the design of
our residential developments varies according to the
opportunities presented by regulatory schemes governed
by state and local authorities. All of our residential
communites projects in New South Wales are BASIX
compliant,  and water  tanks  are typically  provided  at homes
to supply a combination of irrigation, toilets and laundry.
In some projects in Queensland, we have mandated water
tanks  through  a covenant  placed  on lots (e.g.  Bells  Reach).
Other Queensland residential developments are also
connected to recycled water grids (e.g. Ormeau Ridge).
In Victoria, many of our projects (including Cloverton,
Highlands  and Selandra  Rise)  are supplied  with  reticulated
recycled water to supply irrigation requirements at a
minimum. In Western Australia, most of our water used
on-site  is supplied  via a bore  and managed  through  a water
extraction license. Efficient  landscaping approaches are
typically employed to reduce irrigation demand.Australian regulatory processes require permission from
government  authorities  to extract  water  from  water  bodies.
These authorities determine level of significance  based
on each development application. Developments are
unlikely to gain approval if a water source is deemed
to be significantly  affected.  Equally, regulatory processes
do not allow water discharge into significant  areas of
biodiversity unless it is demonstrated that there will be
no significant  impact (and thus we do not report on
bulk discharge separately). This is determined, monitored
and enforced by the regulatory authority. As a minimum
requirement  for environmental  approval  on all projects,  we
reduce  the pollutant  load  of any stormwater  run-off  before
discharging water to receiving water bodies, and comply
with  applicable  regulations  regarding  water  discharge  into
waterways and significant  biodiversity areas.
Water Sensitive Urban Design (WSUD) is also considered
in all our developments. WSUD achieves sustainable
management of water in urban areas through integration
with the urban design, and considers all of the elements
of the urban water cycle including potable water,
wastewater, rainwater, stormwater and groundwater.
We have a mandatory requirement to meet minimum
standards for WSUD across all our projects regardless of
local requirements. Residential projects are required to
demonstrate  what  targets  will be achieved  and actions  will
be taken as part of their specific  environmental plan.
During construction, water is usually captured and reused
on-site, however as this is managed by a civil works
contractor, we do not controlthe percentage or total
volume reused. Whilst our contractors preferentially use
recycled water, this is often ‘topped up’ with other water
and metrics on these levels are not available. Therefore,
we do not report the amount of water recycled within
residential and retirement living. This is an opportunity
for our operating properties, and we are investigating
metering to capture this in future.
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Water Management and Quality
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B3. Operations
In Commercial Property operations we undertake Green
Star Performance ratings and NABERS Water ratings
on our Retail Town Centre, Workplace and Business
Parks portfolio to benchmark the performance of our
assets against industry standards and to measure the
effectiveness  of the initiatives and actions we implement.
We continue to install water sub-metering systems to
monitor water consumption in our Retail Town Centre and
Workplace assets. These systems have improved clarity
on where water is being consumed and assisted our asset
management teams to rectify wastage more efficiently.
In our Residential communities portfolio we seek to
promote water efficient  landscaping to enhance water
efficiency  in the day-to-day  lives  of our communities.  Water
efficient  landscaping can include the use of rain sensors
that can be controlled  remotely  to operate  a drip irrigation
system, as well as specifying drought resistant species
for roadsides and parks. Other water efficient  landscaping
initiatives include drought-resistant species in residents’
sales covenants, low or no-irrigation landscaping, and
water tanks or basins to service irrigation needs.We generally transfer operational control (i.e.
maintenance of public spaces) to local councils following
project completion or as stages of our projects are
completed. We sometimes collect water for reuse in
watering and maintaining parks and public spaces,
however  we do not record  the total  volume  captured  before
handing over control to public authorities.
In our Retirement  Living  portfolio,  upgrades  to operational
village  clubhouses  and common  areas  include  water  saving
measures  such  as water-efficient  tap fittings  and toilets  and
utilising rainwater tanks for water collection and irrigation
where possible. When renovating independent living units
for resale, they are refitted  with water efficient  appliances
and fittings  to improve their saleability and reduce water
demand for the new resident. Our Retirement Living
design guidelines encourage reductions in water use and
improved water efficiency.  Our standard design requires
water  efficient  appliances  and fittings,  rainwater  harvesting
where possible, and drought tolerant landscaping and
efficient  irrigation.
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Water Management and Quality
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation
of the management approach
We review  and report  on our progress  against  our water  management  commitments  and targets  as part  of our annual  Water
Management and Quality Deep Dive . In this reporting, we include:
•a status update and progress against our short, medium and long term targets;•detailed commentary on the priority actions that contribute to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at particular locations.
Our use of rating tools (e.g. Green Star, NABERS) enables us to evaluate our developments and operations against a
benchmark for best practice, with our performance against this benchmark reviewed at re-certification  (e.g. annually
for NABERS).
On a day-to-day  basis,  our sub-metering,  monitoring,  and data  capture  and management  systems  enable  us to identify  areas
of divergence  that may  require  attention  outside  of the annual  reporting  cycle.  We use internal  reporting  of our progress  to
senior  leadership  teams  and to our Board  as a means  of continuously  reviewing  our performance  and enabling  adjustments
to our management approach as required. These adjustments are then incorporated in appropriate documentation that is
reviewed annually.
We engage  with  industry  bodies  such  as Green  Building  Council  of Australia,  Property  Council  of Australia  and other  external
stakeholders to stay informed of current trends, material issues and industry benchmarks. Water management and quality
is also the subject of investor surveys (e.g. Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark and SAM Corporate Sustainability
Assessment) that provide an indication of our performance compared with our peers.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Water Management and Quality
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
The table below describes key roles and responsibilities associated with our approach to water management and quality.
Role Responsibilities
Board Sustainability Committee Oversight of water management and quality approach, targets and
performance tracking
Chief Financial Officer  (CFO) Responsibility for water management and quality performance at a Group level
Reports directly to Managing Director and CEO
Executive Committee Supports the delivery of our approach to water management and quality
National Manager – Group Sustainability Effective  implementation and evaluation of our approach to water management
and quality
Reports directly to CFO
National Sustainability Managers Guidance of asset teams in effective  delivery of our sustainability policy and
supporting toolkits
Development Managers and Asset Managers Effective  delivery of water management and quality objectives at a project level
Managing Director and CEO, COO, business unit
CEOs,  General  Managers,  Project  and Asset  Managers,
functional staffAchievement  of key performance  indicators  relating  to water  management  and quality
 
E. Version control
Revision Date Owner(s) Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Sustainability and Corporate Procurement
2 August 2019 National Manager – Group Sustainability
3 April 2020 National Manager – Group Sustainability
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Water Management and Quality
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management  Approach  to Employee
Engagement and Development
A. Purpose
This document sets out our approach to employee
engagement and professional development. It should be
read in conjunction with our Employee Engagement,
Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
(available on our website ), where we report on
progress against employee engagement and professional
development on an annual basis. Together, our
management approach documents, deep dive reports
and our data packs comprise our sustainability reporting
suite, which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
The ability to engage and retain our employees is critical
to our overall business performance. Employees who
are engaged are more productive, more passionate and
more inspired to innovate and deliver above and beyond
standard performance.Developing our employees’ capabilities enables them to
enhance  performance,  drive  continuous  improvement,  and
deliver on our business strategy and purpose. Effectively
monitoring and evaluating performance also enables us to
maintain alignment between our people’s actions and our
broader business objectives.
For more information on our approach to employee
engagement and development see our Employee
Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion
Deep Dive.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement and Development
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Employee engagement
We have a multi-faceted approach to enhancing employee
engagement, including career development and reward
and recognition programs, health and wellbeing initiatives
(refer to Our Management Approach to Health, Safety
and Security ), giving and volunteering activities (refer to
Our Management  Approach  to Community ), and inclusive
workplace and flexible  work arrangements (refer to Our
Management Approach to Diversity and Inclusion ).
Our Voice
We measure employee engagement annually through the
Our Voice survey, independently administered by survey
provider Willis Towers Watson. The survey measures our
level of employee engagement and provides us with
valuable information about our people’s perceptions and
experiences of our workplace.
The survey  generates  scores  for employee  engagement  and
several other key evaluation metrics such as wellbeing,
corporate responsibility and sustainability, diversity and
inclusion, and leadership communication, which helps us
understand what is working well, where we can improve,
and how our performance compares to that of our peers
and leading  international  companies.  The insights  provided
by employees  through  their  contributions  to Our Voice  help
guide  our people  strategy  and subsequent  activities  aimed
at improving the engagement of our people.
The survey also provides valuable insight into
key issues affecting  our employees, with employee
responses to the following statements helping us
to ascertain the effectiveness  of our employee
engagement: “the organisational structure facilitatesefficient  operations”; “the organisational structure
provides clear accountabilities”; “I believe values
are clear”; “leadership decisions are consistent with
the values”.
Our Voice survey results are communicated to all
employees via business-wide communication channels
and cascaded through team debriefs and action planning
sessions. A requirement of the Our Voice process is that
employees  have  the opportunity  to attend  a results  debrief
and action planning session. Team debriefs are either
facilitated by a member of the People and Culture (P&C)
team or by a manager, and provide an opportunity to
validate the survey findings  and obtain qualitative data
with a view to capturing key issues and opportunities. At
each level of the organisation, teams identify key themes
emerging from the survey results and determine specific
initiatives  to address  these  focus  areas  in the financial  year.
Developing leaders who are authentic, accessible,
performance-focused and a beacon for talent, is a
core component in maintaining and building employee
engagement. Stockland has an extensive leadership and
development framework to enhance manager skills. Our
Voice,  regular  pulses  and feedback  help  to identify  areas  of
focus for leaders to build a highly engaged workforce.
Internal communications
One of the most  fundamental  components  of our employee
engagement approach is internal communications, which
is managed  by our Stakeholder  Relations  team.  Our internal
communications strategy clearly outlines why and how we
engage  with  our employees,  and sets out five elements  that
define  our ideal future state and how we aim to achieve it:
Ideal future state How we aim to achieve it
Employees understand and feel connected to the
business strategyUse communications to provide an overview of the strategy and an update on how
we are tracking against it. Provide links between employee activities and outcomes.
Demonstrate how cross-business collaboration helps achieve business objectives.
The Executive Committee members are seen as
capable and inspiring leaders with open and
regular communicationBuild support for the Executive Committee by demonstrating their passion,
commitment and knowledge. Build trust through open and honest two-
way communication.
General Managers and Senior Managers are
effective  communicatorsImprove  leadership  and senior  manager  team  communications  so that employees  feel
supported and well informed about their business.
Employees are advocates for the brand and values Increase understanding of the Stockland brand and values to support employees to
advocate for the brand.
Employees feel good about coming to work and have
the information and support they need to do their
jobs wellProvide access to the information employees need, when they need it and via the
right channels.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement and Development
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
The Internal Communications team supports the
achievement of business objectives by partnering with
business units and departments to provide strategic
communications advice.
The main channels used to communicate with our
employees are digital media (including intranet, blogs,
emails, newsletters, award e-cards, polls/surveys,
Yammer), face-to-face activities and events such as
employee roadshows, employee town hall meetings,
open invite lunches, team meetings, leaders’ forums and
networking events.
Communication of significant
operational changes
Consultation requirements regarding notice periods for
significant  operational changes are set by modern Awards
that apply to certain staff.  With regard to collective
bargaining agreements, a minimum notice time frame
is not specified,  however they do state that notice of
change must be given as early as practicable. We apply a
standard approach to consultation, regardless of whether
employees are covered by a modern award or a collective
bargaining agreement.
In the case of significant  operational changes, we
must discuss with impacted employees (and their
representatives if any) the introduction of the changes,
and measures to avert or mitigate the adverse effects  of
such changes on employees. We must also give prompt
consideration to matters raised by employees and/or
their representatives in relation to the changes. The
discussions  must  commence  as early  as practicable  after  a
definite  decision has been made by the employer to make
the changes.
All collective agreements in which our employees are
included  contain  the right  to cease  work  in case  of imminent
risk of safety. Other health and safety topics covered
in these agreements include entitlements with regard
to personal protective equipment, statutory obligations
with regard to workplace, health and safety legislation,
and employee obligations to safety as specified  in the
role classifications.
Graduate program
Every year we recruit a cohort of graduates in a variety
of disciplines from Australian universities. Our graduate
program aims to build a pipeline of future talent, to
introduce  diversity  of thought,  and to provide  a high  quality
early career experience. The graduate program runs for
two years, and all graduates undertake a comprehensive
training development program to supplement their on-
the-job experience. As part of the program, graduates
participate in graduate-focused development days, are
allocated a senior leader from the business as their
sponsor, participate in volunteer days, and completediscipline-specific  professional qualifications.  Graduates
also gain exposure to the Executive Committee and senior
leaders  via both  one-on-one  and group  events.  In addition,
graduates complete our Career Foundations program and
our Real Conversation and Business Writing programs.
Supporting the graduate program are a number of feeder
pools, including:
•the Ervin Graf scholarship and work experience
throughout the year aimed at training and developing
high-performing property students•the Stepping Into program, which supports
undergraduate students with a disability•UNSW Internship for Business Students, which provides
students with the opportunity to gain work experience•UTS Bachelor of Accounting Sponsorship, which
provides work training to accounting students
completing their undergraduate degree (students
complete two six-month internships with
sponsor organisations)•internships provided to UTS Law students throughout
the year, which serve as additional sourcing channels
to the graduate program and support our broader
diversity strategy.
Diversity and inclusion
Building a diverse and inclusive workplace is an important
component of employee engagement, and we provide
further detail on our diversity and inclusion approach at
Our Approach to Diversity and Inclusion .
B2. Employee development
Learning and development
Our learning and development program is structured to
help employees, as they join the organisation, to grow
within their roles once they are on board, and to lead their
teams in an inclusive way:
•Join  – focuses on helping new employees understand
our organisation, strategy, values and purpose through
orientation programs and compliance training.•Grow  – covers technical training specific  to our job
families, industry programs and general professional
development such as presentation skills, how to
have difficult  conversations and how to increase
their presence and technology training. We have a
number of programs, initiatives and services to support
the development of our key job families such as
sales, centre management, development management,
project management and village management. The
purpose  is to provide  employees  with  the knowledge  and
skills necessary to perform and grow in their roles.
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement and Development
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
•Lead  – focuses on developing our people’s leadership
skills to deliver our strategy, develop their teams and
achieve results. Recognising that most adult learning
(approximately  70 per cent)  happens  by doing,  we focus
on providing our managers with the skills they need
to coach and develop their teams and give them the
tools to focus their career. We have a core leadership
curriculum in place to support this, complemented
by online training solutions, coaching, 360° leadership
reviews and other assessments. Stockland's detailed
capability masterplan helps us to develop our people
through  all phases  of their  career,  from  front  line leader
roles through to senior leadership positions.
Leadership at all levels
Senior leaders are developed through structured learning
programs aligned to their personal development plan.
This growth and development is sponsored by an
individual’s direct manager and supported by targeted
coaching and learning experiences. ‘Stretch assignments’
are identified  for leaders to help them move through
key transitions. External assessments from specialist
leadership development providers generate insights and
help individual leaders and their sponsors on growth
strategies. At senior levels in the organisation the growth
and development of leaders is an individual pathway,slightly different  for each person. The aim is to produce
a cohort of leaders who can solve the most complex
problems faced by the company, delivering successful
implementation of the strategy.
Stockland's approach to growing front line and middle
managers  leverages  a group  capability  framework,  coupled
with an internal calendar of programs, external partners,
and a tailored online resource of tools and skill guides, to
generate breadth and a strong foundation for each leader.
The development strategy respects the broad variety of
roles, locations and learning styles across Stockland's
diverse operations. At these levels of management,
learning aims to cover critical capabilities with more
generalised tools and programs. The aim is to produce
a strong foundation of leaders for the organisation, its
operations, customers and teams.
Performance and development
Every year, all employees are required to set clear
and measurable development objectives to deliver the
objectives of their business and the broader Group.
These are collected and tracked via our performance
management system.
Our performance and development process is
described below.
Stockland performance management process
Performance review process
Our performance  review  process  measures  the employee’s
overall performance, including progress against the
objectives set at the start of each financial  year or at
the commencement of a new role. Employee performance
is an ongoing  focus,  reflected  in the nature  and rigour  of our
performance review process, outlined below:
•objectives setting  – managers and employees
agree objectives and measures of success for the
performance year•ongoing feedback  – managers and employees
have regular meetings throughout the year todiscuss ongoing performance and progress against
employee’s objectives•mid-year check-in  – an informal opportunity to review
employee progress against agreed objectives•annual review  – a formal annual review process is
conducted at the end of each financial  year and is a
summary of the regular discussions that have been
held with employees throughout the year, including
the mid-year check-in. Following the annual review,
a performance rating is assigned, which reflects  the
employee’s  overall  performance  including  performance
against their objectives and the Stockland values
throughout the year.
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement and Development
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Career development process
We encourage career development through the
establishment and ongoing review of personalised
development plans, agreed between an employee and
manager. This occurs at the start of each financial  year or
at the commencement  of a new role.  The development  plan
may  be completed  at the same  time  as setting  performance
objectives with the view to identifying actions to build
their capability to deliver on their objectives and grow
their careers. Progress against this development plan is
reviewed in conjunction with the key objectives as part of
the performance review process outlined above.
To complement this review process, employees have at
least one formal One Up discussion each year with their
manager’s manager, which provides them the opportunity
to share their career aspirations, explore broader career
development options and build a stronger relationship
with upper management. Employees are encouraged to
drive their own career development, and we provide our
employees and their managers with the tools to do so.
We have  implemented  a number  of programs  and initiatives
that drive career development:
•3-in-3 Program  – a structured professional learning
program that involves shadowing an experienced
employee in another part of the business. The program
is designed to facilitate cross-divisional learning,
provide a more comprehensive understanding of the
key functions of different  areas and to broaden and
develop employee skillsets and awareness of potential
career opportunities.•Leadership  – we have several programs to provide
leaders  with  the knowledge  and skills  to facilitate  career
conversations. This includes Managing@Stockland,
Leading with Presence, Real Conversations, Career
Foundations, Career Resiliency and our Senior
Resiliency program.•On-the-job  – we continue to expand the number
of opportunities for our employees to get involved
in cross-business projects and initiatives including
the Core Systems Program and Employee Advocacy
Groups  (EAGs),  which  support  our broader  diversity  and
inclusion strategy.•Further education  – employees are encouraged to
undertake further education at accredited industry
or tertiary institutions. We have a Further Education
Assistance Policy that outlines the three levels of
support we offer  for employees undertaking further
study, depending on the relevance to their current or
next role.•Professional development  – we encourage
participation in external training to assist employees
with  their  general  professional  and career  development.A list of our preferred  courses  and vendors  is provided  on
our intranet.•Property Council of Australia  – employees attend
public, in-house or online courses through the PCA
partnership, building skills and credentials within the
property industry.
In addition to the standard performance and development
processes and initiatives, we also maintain a strong focus
on continued employability. We seek to minimise the
impact on those affected  by organisational restructures
and retrenchments by supporting them in the search for
alternative employment, in the first instance within our
business or externally. Outplacement services are offered
to employees whose roles have become redundant, with
the type  and level  of support  offered  varying  in accordance
with the individual’s career stage.
Our outplacement providers are available to employees
and provide services such as career goal setting, job
search strategy development, access to office  support and
comprehensive research facilities, group workshop and
seminar programs, small business advisory services and
expert advice on money matters.
Talent and Succession
Every year we assess our leader population (Executive
Committee, General Managers, Senior Managers and
Managers) to identify our high-potential employees and
map successors for leadership team roles (Executive
Committee and General Managers). The talent review
process  allows  us to target  investment  in our high-potential
employees and provide them with development, visibility
and support to further their career at Stockland. The
succession process involves identifying successors for
leadership team roles to support employee engagement,
development and retention and business continuity in the
event of leadership team turnover.
The resulting talent and succession report, including
associated analysis and insights, is shared with the
Executive and P&C Committees for their review and input.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement and Development
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation
of the management approach
A comprehensive set of targets and priorities guides our
approach to employee engagement and development.
We report on progress against our employee engagement
and employee development priorities and targets as part
of our annual Employee Engagement, Development,
Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive . In this reporting,
we include:
•a status  update  and progress  against  our short,  medium
and long-term targets;•detailed commentary on the priority actions that
contribute to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting
period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at
particular locations.
Our Voice
We use the results from our annual Our Voice survey
as an important source of information in evaluating
the effectiveness  of our engagement activities and the
initiatives executed as part of our people strategy.
The annual Our Voice survey measures key scores for
employee engagement and several other key evaluation
metrics, such as wellbeing, sustainable engagement,
diversity and inclusion, and leadership communication.
The survey questions are reviewed annually with support
from our independent provider Willis Towers Watson
so that the information gathered is consistent for key
scores and also takes current priorities around employee
engagement into account.
Talent attraction and retention
We recognise that employee engagement has a direct
relationship with both productivity levels and talent
attraction and retention. As such, we use key retention
metrics to determine the success of our employee
engagement activities, including employee initiated
turnover,  turnover  in the first year,  and key talent  retention.
Employee turnover is monitored and reported monthly
on a rolling 12-month average. We also track turnover
for employees with Strong performance or above. We
set annual targets for turnover and report on these
regularly to our Executive Committee and Board. Senior
Managers receive monthly updates on their respective
turnover progress.Exit surveys also provide valuable information on key
drivers of retention and reasons for leaving. These are
analysed every six months.
Internal communications
We measure the reach and impact of our internal
communications in a number of ways, such as through
the Our Voice survey, page hits on the intranet, open rates
of emails, engagement on Yammer, and surveys following
employee events such as the employee roadshow.
Employee development
We utilise  a range  of metrics  as proxies  for determining  the
return on investment in employee development, including
employee costs, turnover, and leave rates. These metrics
are monitored and reported monthly to our Executive
Committee and Board to track overall HR effectiveness
and are readily available to senior leaders across the
organisation through the HR Dashboard on the intranet.
Our annual Our Voice employee engagement survey has
a professional development and performance review
category, which allows us to see how our people perceive
their  skill development  and performance  feedback  over  the
year. We also evaluate each of our learning programs that
aim to capture learning transfer and adoption.
Our leadership  competencies  are built  into 180° leadership
assessment that our senior leaders undertake as they
participate on the Senior Leadership Experience Program.
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement and Development
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
Roles and responsibilities associated with delivery of our approach to employee engagement, development, diversity and
inclusion are described in the table below.
Role Responsibilities
Managing Director and CEO Responsibility for employee engagement, employee development, diversity and
inclusion at a Group level
Executive Committee members Accountability for driving initiatives and actions that deliver improved employee
engagement outcomes
All managers, senior managers, general managers
and executive employeesMeet employee engagement performance measures, in addition to other key focus
areas measured through the Our Voice survey
Leaders and managers Align with defined  leadership accountabilities and competencies outlining what is
required to coach, develop and build high-performing teams
All employees Effective  engaging and responsive internal communications that contribute to the
achievement of optimal business outcomes
Corporate People and Culture team Supporting the development and growth of our people through learning and
development initiatives
Coordination of Group-wide programs such as talent reviews, succession planning
and performance reviews
Business People and Culture teams Partnering  with  business  units  to support  and coach  line managers  to secure  the right
people, manage performance, build capability, grow talent and create the climate to
deliver business outcomes
 
E. Version control
Revision Date Owner Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Human Resources
2 August 2019 General Manager – Human Resources
3 March 2020 General Manager, Organisation Development and Corporate, People and Culture
General Manager, Performance and Reward, People and Culture
7 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement and Development
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach to
Employee Diversity and Inclusion
A. Purpose
This document  sets out our approach  to employee  diversity
and inclusion. It should be read in conjunction with
our Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity
and Inclusion Deep Dive  (available on our website ),
where we report on progress against employee diveristy
and inclusion on an annual basis. Together, our
management approach documents, deep dive reports
and our data packs comprise our sustainability reporting
suite, which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
Stockland is committed to enhancing the diversity of our
workforce and building on our inclusive culture. We aim to
maximise the potential of our people and appreciate that
individuals with different  backgrounds, gender, ethnicity,
physical abilities, sexual orientation, family status and
thinking styles bring diversity of thought, more informed
decision-making  and ultimately  better  business  outcomes.
We believe that Stockland should reflect  the diverse range
of customers, residents, stakeholders and communities
that we operate in.
An inclusive culture is key to creating an environment that
not only harnesses diversity but leads to a true sense
of belonging and community. This is at the heart of our
purpose: ‘We believe there is a better way to live’. Success
in delivery on our purpose depends on our ability to
create that same sense of belonging and inclusion within
our workforce.Our Diversity  and Inclusion  strategy  and action  plans  target
the following aims:
•building the awareness and capability of our people
leaders to embrace diversity and flexibility;•maximising diversity in leadership positions,
in particular the proportion of women in
management roles;•creating a more inclusive workplace; and•being a diversity thought leader and advocate in the
property sector.
For more information on our approach to employee
diversity and inclusion see our Employee Engagement,
Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Diversity and Inclusion
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Overview
We have defined  four key areas of focus:
Wellbeing, Accessibility and
Cultural Inclusion LGBTI+ Gender Equity Flexibility
To support employee wellbeing,
cultural diversity and employees
with accessibility needs (physical,
mental and neuro-diverse).To provide an inclusive
workplace for current and future
LGBTI employees.To enable  the equitable  attraction,
retention, development and
remuneration of all genders
at Stockland.To facilitate the mainstreaming
of flexibility  and accommodate
work/life needs, whilst delivering
against business objectives.
Measurement
In FY20 we designed and introduced a Diversity & Inclusion
Index, demonstrating our continued focus on refining
Diversity and Inclusion measurement and tracking success
in this important area.
Key Diversity and Inclusion metrics including gender,
wellbeing, LGBTI+, flexibility  and cultural inclusion were
selected and weighted to produce the overall D&I Index
score, which we can use to reflect  our progress. Index
targets were approved by the Executive Committee and
Stockland Board and form part of Stockland’s Corporate
Balanced Scorecard.
Employee Advocacy Groups (EAGs) and
Stockland’s  Diversity  and Inclusion  Committee
The four D&I focus areas above are supported by four
Employee Advocacy Groups (EAGs) to build capability and
ownership build capability and ownership diversity and
inclusion throughout our business.
Each  EAG is sponsored  by an Executive  Committee  member
and led by a General Manager or Senior Manager.A diverse
group of employees makes up each of the EAG groups and
helps focus our efforts  on issues important to employees.
The Diversity and Inclusion Committee is chaired
by our Managing Director and is composed of the
EAG Executive Committee Sponsors, EAG leads, other
Executive Committee members and applicable People and
Culture managers.
Wellbeing,  Accessibility  and Cultural  Inclusion
Our focus on employee wellbeing encompasses
mental, physical and personal wellbeing, with key
aspects including:
•providing and promoting the Employee Wellbeing
Assistance Program, which is our free, confidential
counselling service that can be used by all employees
and their immediate family members ;•physical health programs to encourage employee
exercise participation and healthy eating in our offices  ;•providing access to facilities that support wellbeing
through workplace design e.g. end-of-trip facilities as
well as building  design  features  including  plants,  natural
light, ergonomics and quiet spaces;•offering  programs that encourage social connection
with local communities through workplace giving, paid
volunteering leave and our CARE Foundation partners;•mental  health  support  and education  for our employees
through our CARE Foundation Partners
R U OK? and ReachOut; and•training programs to help support personal and
organisational wellbeing and resilience.
Our cultural inclusion strategy encourages support for
cultural participation, access, and the right to express and
interpret culture. Our Reconciliation Action Plan  (RAP) is
closely  aligned  with  our cultural  inclusion  strategy  and sets
out our commitment to deepen our understanding of our
shared histories, cultures, and achievements, and explore
ways we can contribute to reconciliation in Australia
becoming a part of our thinking and our actions.
Progress against our RAP actions is tracked and reported
throughout the year, including targets for indigenous
employment opportunities.
Our disability  strategy  advocates  for improved  recruitment
of people with a disability and supporting accessibility in
the workplace. We partner with the Australian Network on
Disability to provide undergraduates with work experience
through our Stepping Into Internship program.
LGBTI+
Our LGBTI+ strategy seeks to promote LGBTI+ inclusion
for employees, customers and communities. We aim to
enhance our positioning as an employer of choice for
LGBTI+ employees. and enhance our positioning as an
employer  of choice  for LGBTI+  employees.  We have  utilised
our benchmark results from the Australian Workplace
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Diversity and Inclusion
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Equality  Index  to build  and execute  a targeted  strategy.  Key
focus areas of this strategy include:
•providing guidance and advice on LGBTI+ employee
inclusion in regards to communications, policy and
employee experience;•enhancing key policies to be more inclusive for
LGBTI+ employees;•providing guidance on LGBTI+ issues and inclusivity in
external marketing and communications;•supporting and building an ‘Ally’ network of
employees who actively promote their support of their
LGBTI+ colleagues;•building awareness and understanding of LGBTI+
inclusion through training and communications with
our Executive Committee, People and Culture and all
other employees;•increasing our visual support of LGBTI+ inclusion in our
offices  as well as our built and digital assets including
the use of social media, employee and customer
communications, videos, signage and merchandise.
Gender Equity
We have strong and long-standing support for gender
equity and are committed to maintaining an environment
where we encourage and support career development and
advancement of all genders in our business. Some key
aspects of our commitment to gender equality include:
•our Managing Director advocating for gender equity
in the broader property industry as a member of the
Property Male Champions of Change group;•being recognised as an Employer of Choice for Gender
Equality by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency for
our active commitment to achieving gender equality in
the workplace;•gender targets relating to women in management
and senior women in management being part of our
Corporate  Balanced  Scorecard  as well as individual  KPIs
for Executive  Committee,  General  and Senior  Managers;•a commitment to pay equity through ongoing
measurement, external audit and targeted actions;•balanced recruitment shortlists and offers  with
gender service level agreements for our recruitment
panel providers;•learning and development programs to help support
career acceleration, including a Senior Women’s
Sponsorship program with our Executive Committee
and an Accelerate Development program to develop a
pipeline  of female  talent  for the Development  job family
that has lower representation of female managers than
the wider Stockland population;•career resiliency programs that are available as female
only or mixed cohorts;•networking events to promote and encourage the
leadership of women at all levels;•support for industry programs such as the Property
Council Australia’s 500 Women in Property to help
facilitate industry networking.
Flexibility
Our flexibility  strategy focuses on making flexibility
business as usual.
Our workplace practices and leave policies seek to
foster a flexible  working environment. Work-life balance
commitments continue to be important to employee
wellbeing and workplace flexibility  and a key reason why
our people choose to stay working with us. Our annual
engagement survey shows one of our strengths is that
people  feel “My work  schedule  allows  sufficient  flexibility  to
meet my personal/family needs”.
Our position is that all roles are considered flexible.
Our commitment to flexible  working is designed to
make it easier for employees to continue to develop a
successful career, while balancing other commitments
outside of work. This commitment is supported by tools
for employees and managers, and an online application
and monitoring system. Whilst many employees have
informal arrangements in place with their manager and
teams, the online application system is used for formal
arrangements including working from home, part-time
employment  and job share.  Applications  are monitored  and
supported by the People and Culture team to provide for
equitable outcomes.
Informal or ad hoc flexibility  is supported by our One
Simple Thing initiative, which encourages employees and
managers  to discuss  the ‘one  simple  thing’  that can support
their work/life balance. This is supported by tools and
regular communication, which is tracked in our people
management system.
Our benefit  policies apply to permanent part-time
employees as well as permanent full-time employees.
Temporary  employees  are not covered  by the same  benefit
policies but have remuneration and entitlements specified
in their individual contracts.
Parental Transitions
Through  a parental  transitions  program  our employees  are
supported prior to and whilst on parental leave to enable
them to be both informed and connected throughout this
important stage of their careers. Managers and employees
maintain continued focus on career development both
during and on return from leave, and employees are
partnered with a mentor that has previously been on
parental leave to provide guidance and support before,
during and after leave. Keeping in Touch Days provide
employees the opportunity to visit their local head office
to stay connected with important business updates and
transitioning advice, and Stockland provides onsite or
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Diversity and Inclusion
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
in-home nanny support so employees can participate in a
way with which they feel most comfortable with.
We also offer  to all employees Work|Life Links, an online
resource and advisory service that helps employees find
suitable solutions and providers to support them in
balancing their work and carer commitments. Work|Life
Links assists individuals with information and support
regarding any type of dependent care, health and
lifestyle service.
Stockland Paid Parental Leave
We provide 16 weeks Paid Parental Leave to primary
care givers with an additional Parental Flex Option where
employees can choose either an additional two weeks of
paid leave, having super paid during the unpaid portion of
parental leave or a lump sum on return. We also provide
flexibility  for non-primary carers so that they can take
leave at a time that most benefits  their family. If a non-
primary  care  giver  subsequently  assumes  the responsibility
of primary care giver within 12 months of birth, adoption
or fostering, the employee can take up to an additional 14
weeks primary carer’s leave. This encourages all genders
to take advantage of both primary and secondary carers
leave  so they  can devote  time  to and care  for their  child  with
their partner, which Stockland widely advocates given the
numerous benefits  this creates.
Our parental leave policy includes surrogacy, adoption
and fostering. Stillbirth has also been included; in this
circumstance Stockland fully recognises childbirth and
employees are supported to take full parental leave. We
also updated  our policy  to highlight  our support  for parents
who experience sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS).
B2. Recruitment and selection
We are focused on preventing discrimination throughout
all phases of the employment life cycle, beginning with
recruitment and selection. Our recruitment is focused on
selecting the best person for the job, taking into account
only factors relevant to the person’s ability to successfully
perform  the role.  As a default,  we seek  to advertise  all roles
internally to facilitate access by all employees and we use
gender-neutral language in advertisements.
We seek to provide a diverse range of candidates for
presentation on shortlists and to have male and female
interviewers as part of any recruitment process. All senior
hires (Senior Manager and above) are reviewed by our
Executive Committee to facilitate transparency around
gender outcomes.Our managers are supported by an in-house recruitment
team  focused  on encouraging  decisions  based  on merit  and
removing unconscious bias.
B3. Key working groups and
industry participation
We aim for inclusive  representation  on internal  committees
and working groups that are formed to work on important
business initiatives by including employees of different
genders, cultures and work patterns. This aims to
improve the diversity of views as well as providing
career development opportunities across our diverse mix
of employees.
We support the Male Champions of Change’s Panel Pledge
which means employees will only participate in panel
and speaking engagements that can reasonably provide a
balanced involvement of all genders.
B4. Preventing discrimination
and harassment
We are committed to preventing discrimination and
harassment. Upon commencing with Stockland, all
employees are required to complete an online course
on Equal Employment Opportunity. Subsequently all
employees are required to complete refresher modules
every  18 – 24 months.  We also run targeted  people  manager
sessions as required to improve awareness of unconscious
bias and the consequences of stereotypical beliefs.
B5. Learning and talent
development opportunities
We provide opportunities for personal development for
all our employees through a wide range of programs
and experiences to support development of technical and
professional skills, people management and leadership
capabilities. In addition, as part of our talent and
succession management program, targeted development
plans are formulated to address identified  knowledge,
skills  and experience  gaps  of our high  potential  employees.
Providing these opportunities is critical to building
our talent pipeline and enabling the development and
promotion of people from diverse backgrounds. We look
to provide development opportunities, including training
participation, that are consistent with our diversity efforts.
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Diversity and Inclusion
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
In 2020 we launched a new online leadership resource for
all employees, with practical tools and guides to help our
people in leading themselves, others and teams across
Stockland. Anyone in Stockland can access the tools when
and where  it works  for them,  helping  them  to learn  and grow
professionally. The tools cover a range of topics including
leading change, supporting health and wellbeing in your
team, and leading inclusively.
B6. Talent identification  and
succession planning
Talent, succession and promotions are reviewed with a
number of parameters in mind, including gender. Our
annual talent and succession review aims to enable
representation by women and men in key and emerging
talent pools, and that women and men are considered in
succession planning for each key role.
We review  identified  talent  and successors  against  broader
gender  participation  to highlight  and assess  any variances.
In addition we look to identify talent and successors
in job families with lower female participation, such
as development, to support our broader diversity and
inclusion goals.
As is the case with talent and succession, promotions
are based on merit, looking at the expected leadership
attributes required. Outcomes for these processes
are reviewed for any gender bias and reported to
Executive Committee and the Board for increased
transparency. We have also commenced using a high
calibre global leadership expert organisation specifically
for the succession  and development  planning  for Executive
Committee roles, to further enhance the robustness of
our approach as well as providing external input into our
review process.
B7. Workforce analytics
Our annual Employee Engagement survey, Our Voice,
provides detailed analytics of our diversity and inclusion
metrics that can be examined by key demographic groups
including gender, cultural background and LGBTI+, which
provides insights on strengths and opportunities for
ongoing focus areas within our workforce.
In addition to our annual talent and succession planning
process, outcomes by gender are also core parts of
analysis  for all key People  and Culture  processes,  including
our annual performance reviews (ratings), promotions,
and annual remuneration review (including short-termincentives), and are reported to the People and Culture
Committee of the Board.
We also report by gender, data from terminating
employees (resignations or otherwise), including exit
interviews,  to highlight  any perceived  or potential  diversity
related issues.
Flexibility targets are part of individuals’ KPIs, which helps
highlight areas of our workforce that need focus.
B8. Performance and reward
Performance and career advancement
Our performance management framework facilitates
fair evaluation of employee performance and equitable
remuneration decisions. Performance is measured against
balanced scorecard objectives that employees set in
conjunction with their managers each year.
Calibration sessions are conducted with managers to
facilitate consistent and fair performance assessments,
thereby reducing any potential bias or subjectivity.
Outcomes  for these  processes  are reviewed  for any gender
bias and reported  to Executive  Committee  and the Board  for
increased transparency.
Remuneration
A comprehensive analysis of pay by gender is undertaken
ahead of the annual remuneration review to identify
any material issues in regards to gender pay equity.
This analysis looks at like-for-like roles with a target
for our gender pay equity ratio (which measures market
positioning of males compared to females applicable like-
for-like roles) to be at 100 per cent (+/- three per cent)
In response to this analysis, additional budget may be
allocated to address pay gaps that cannot be justified  by
market and internal relativities.
Our approach to performance and reward is intended to:
•achieve gender pay equity•remove gender bias during the remuneration
review process•provide transparency of our remuneration approach•hold managers accountable for pay equity outcomes•maintain a transparent and rigorous performance
assessment process.
B9. Domestic and family violence
Stockland is committed to providing a safe working
environment and this extends to supporting employees
if they are exposed to domestic or family violence.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Diversity and Inclusion
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our support may include one or more of the following:
•People and Culture supporting managers and/or
employees with assistance where domestic or
family violence is impacting an employee, including
development of a safety plan;•the ability to request flexible  working arrangements
including alternative start and finishing  times and
alternative locations;•access to our Employee Assistance Program;•uncapped leave for employees who are experiencing
domestic or family violence. This leave is critically
important to those impacted so they can seek
medical or legal assistance, attend court appearances
or counselling, relocate or make other safety
arrangements. The leave also extends to employees
supporting affected  family members.
We have provided awareness training with our Executive
and General Managers to provide an understanding of the
prevalence  and organisational  impact  of domestic  or family
violence, and have trained First Responders nationally tosupport managers and/or to be equipped to respond to
employees impacted by domestic or family violence.
B10. Sponsorships
and memberships
We are a corporate member of the Australian Network on
Disability, Diversity Council of Australia, Pride in Diversity
and National Association of Women in Construction.
These organisations are committed to recognising and
maximising the important role of diversity in business
and we look to them for benchmarking, resources and
education. We also seek sponsorship and partnership
opportunities that contribute to thought leadership and
advocacy in the property industry.
Our Managing Director and CEO is a founding member of
the Male  Property  Champions  of Change  and we continue  to
share and apply learnings from this group.
C. Review and evaluation of
the management approach
A comprehensive set of targets and priorities guides our
approach to diversity and inclusion.
We report on progress against our employee diversity
and inclusion priorities and targets as part of our annual
Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and
Inclusion Deep Dive . In this reporting, we include:
•a status  update  and progress  against  our short,  medium
and long-term our targets;•detailed commentary on the priority actions that
contribute to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting
period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at
particular locations.
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Diversity and Inclusion
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
Roles and responsibilities associated with delivery of our approach to employee engagement, development, diversity and
inclusion are described in the table below.
Role Responsibilities
Managing Director and CEO Responsibility for diversity and inclusion at a Group level
Executive Committee members
(including the Group Executive, People and Culture).Participate on the Diversity and Inclusion Steering Committee, accountability for
driving  initiatives  and actions  that deliver  improved  diversity  and inclusion  outcomes,
and lead Group strategy and engagement on Employee Advocacy Group themes (for
Executive Committee sponsors of Employee Advocacy Groups)
Employee Advocacy Group members Meet key performance indicators related to respective Employee Advocacy
Group themes, deliver initiatives in partnership with the Diversity, Inclusion and
Communications Manager
All managers, senior managers, general managers
and executive employeesAccountability to support initiatives and achieve diversity and inclusion performance
measures such as inclusive leadership practices
Diversity, Inclusion and Communications Manager Partnering with the Diversity and Inclusion Committee, Business Unit Leadership
Teams, Employee Advocacy Groups and People and Culture Business Partners to set
strategy and drive initiatives to enhance diversity and inclusion at Stockland
All employees Help inform diversity and inclusion initiatives through engagement and feedback
processes, participate in and support local initiatives and adopt inclusive
behaviours organisationally
 
E. Version control
Revision Date Owner Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Human Resources
2 August 2019 General Manager – Human Resources Updated document
template,
synthesised
information on our
Parental Leave
Policy.
3 July 2020 General Manager, Organisation Development and Corporate, People and Culture Updated leadership
section, DFV policy,
HR to People and
Culture, and
summarised some
information.
7 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Employee Diversity and Inclusion
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach
to Governance and Risk
A. Purpose
This document  sets out our approach  to understanding  and
proactively managing the risks we face in our business.
It should be read in conjunction with our deep dive
reports and data packs which comprise our sustainability
reporting suite (available on our website ). Together, our
management approach documents, deep dive reports
and our data packs comprise our sustainability reporting
suite, which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
We recognise that making business decisions that involve
calculated risks, and managing these risks within sensible
tolerances, is fundamental to creating long-term value
for all our stakeholders. As an investor of capital, we
conduct risk assessments at critical decision points during
the investment process to identify risks and to meet
target returns. The Board has determined that Stockland
will maintain a balanced risk profile  in order to remain
a sustainable business and an attractive investment
proposition, in both the short and long term.We acknowledge that sustainability leadership at the
Board and executive levels is critical to integrating
sustainability management and performance into our
culture, processes and business relationships. We also
recognise the importance of effective  management and
remuneration methods that promote and incentivise
proactive approaches to sustainability both at Group and
asset level.
Health, safety and security are important focus areas for
our business, and information specific  to our health and
safety management approach can be found online at Our
Management Approach to Health and Safety.
For more information on our approach to managing climate
risks and opportunities, including our alignment with
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
recommendations, please refer to  Our Management
Approach to Climate Resilience  and our Annual Report .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Governance and Risk
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Governance of sustainability strategy and performance
The Board
The Board takes its governance responsibilities seriously and believes it has the necessary mix of experience and skills to
oversee the high standards of corporate governance, integrity and accountability required of a professional and ethical
organisation.  Further  information  about  our corporate  governance  policies  and practices,  and about  our directors  and their
competencies, is available on our website .
All directors of the Board are members of the Sustainability Committee, reflecting  the integral role that sustainability
plays in our business operations and brand value. This enables directors to be well informed and to engage in policy and
decision-making relating to our economic, social and environmental performance. The Board Sustainability Committee
Charter is available here . In 2016, we initiated a Board Sustainability Sub-committee, which includes two independent
directors with the purpose of approving reporting and providing strategic input on matters before consideration by the
Sustainability Committee and Board.
External guests are invited to educate and inform the Sustainability Committee on new and evolving areas of interest.
These meetings also consider how our activities are benchmarked both nationally and globally via indices, assurance and
industry experts.
Stockland Board committee structure
Executive Committee
Every member of our Executive Committee has specific  responsibilities relating to our sustainability performance, with
strategic key performance indicators linked to our achievement of internal and external targets and objectives (see figure
below).  Overall  responsibility  for sustainability  at a Group  level  sits with  our Chief  Financial  Officer  (CFO)  who  reports  directly
to our Managing  Director  and CEO.  Sustainability  updates  are submitted  to the Executive  Committee  each  month,  along  with
a Stakeholder Relations update that outlines all significant  stakeholder issues.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Governance and Risk
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Stockland Executive Committee
Sustainability Steering Committee
Our internal  Sustainability  Steering  Committee  shapes  and monitors  our sustainability  approach  and strategy.  The Steering
Committee is chaired by the CFO and is composed of senior management from the various organisational departments
including Strategy, Group Risk, Stakeholder Relations, Investor Relations, Project Management, Supply Chain, People and
Culture, Operations, Development, Group Legal and Sustainability.
The Steering Committee meets twice per year, or more frequently as circumstances dictate, and invites other key internal
and external stakeholders to attend meetings as required.
The Committee’s key responsibilities include:
•informing our sustainability strategy;•sharing knowledge and reporting on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks and opportunities across our
current and planned operations;•supporting delivery of sustainability targets;•guiding business/functional compliance with our environmental and social policies, guidelines and agreed initiatives;•providing input to external reporting on major sustainability targets, policies, principles and initiatives, including our
annual integrated reporting; and•acting as a first point of reference for significant  ESG risks, opportunities and initiatives.
Working Groups
Due to the interconnected nature of many emerging issues, we often establish cross-function working groups with diverse
skill sets to help embed sustainability practices into the way we do business, in accordance with guidance from the
Sustainability Committee.
Governance of Stockland CARE Foundation
The Stockland CARE Foundation is a charitable trust set up for the purposes of delivering infrastructure, programs and
initiatives  that improve  the health  and wellbeing  and education  of Australian  communities.  The Stockland  CARE  Foundation
directs its support to strategic and aligned charitable partners that help Stockland deliver on this purpose.
The Stockland CARE Foundation Board oversees the Stockland CARE Foundation strategy and programs. Members include:
•Tom Pockett, Chair of the CARE Foundation (January 2019 onwards) and Chair Stockland Board•Mark Steinert, Managing Director and CEO•Tiernan O’Rourke, Chief Financial Officer•Louise Mason, Group Executive and CEO Commercial Property•Katherine Grace, Group Executive, General Counsel and Company Secretary.
Our CARE Foundation Manager manages Foundation partnerships and programs. We have also established state-based
CARE Foundation Committees, which consist of employees across New South Wales, Victoria, Western Australia and
Queensland to help plan, implement and communicate Foundation programs and initiatives.
Annual reporting on the CARE Foundation can be found in the Community Deep Dive .
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Governance and Risk
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Environmental Management System (EMS)
We developed a group-wide Environmental Management System (EMS), which formalises our environmental risk and
opportunity  management  process.  The EMS  provides  an overview  of our commitment  to environmental  aspects  and sets out
how  we resource  and implement  programs  and procedures  to achieve  our goals.  The document  has been  structured  around
the international standard ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management Systems to show how our initiatives align with the
requirements of the standard. An external expert has independently verified  alignment with the standard. The document
references  our policies,  procedures  and other  business  management  systems  and documentation,  which  constitute  an EMS.
Sustainability strategy implementation framework
Sustainability is integrated and embedded into processes and systems across our business operations and project
development life cycle, as described in our EMS. We have a proactive framework in place to support the implementation
of our sustainability strategy across our communities, villages and assets. Elements of the implementation framework are
described in the table below.
Framework element Example
Business-specific  sustainability policies
•set minimum standards and requirementsResidential Sustainability Policy
Sustainability plans
•guide site-specific  actions and initiativesAura Sustainability Plan
Project or asset-specific  action plans
•determine operating and capital expenditureAura Business Plan (including
Sustainability Plan)
Key performance indicators and individual performance objectives
•drive commitment and performance of all employees to support delivery of project and
asset-level action plansAchieve the target Residential
Liveability score
Development
We incorporate  social  and environmental  considerations  into our design  and development  processes  so that our assets  are
resilient and capable of sustained value creation over the long term.
Our project development lifecycle, known as D-Life, is the process followed to manage development opportunities from
concept stage, through to planning and delivery. This process is common to all business units.
Each  stage  of the D-Life  process  requires  the delivery  of specific  sustainability  objectives  to pass  the defined  approval  gates
specified  in the figure  below. These objectives and associated initiatives are outlined in our business-specific  sustainability
policies.  These  policies  are aligned  with  our sustainability  strategy  and focus  areas,  tailored  to the particular  characteristics
of each of our businesses and aim to promote consistency in our sustainability approach across all our developments.
Development Process – D-Life Value Chain
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Governance and Risk
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Operations
For our operating assets, we establish annual asset management plans that are aligned with our sustainability strategy
for all Retirement Living and Commercial Property assets. These plans incorporate strategic sustainability initiatives and
objectives as per the annual asset planning cycle diagram below. The Residential business completes an annual business
planning  process  where  sustainability  planning  is included  as part  of budgeting.  Teams  report  on progress  against  objectives
(including sustainability objectives) annually.
Integration of sustainability initiatives into asset planning
Ethics and conduct
Stockland believes in doing business in an ethical way and acting in a professional manner. We set high standards and
are committed to meeting them. Our Code of Conduct  outlines these standards and the related expectations placed on
our employees. We ask all employees to confirm  they have read and acknowledged the Code as demonstration of their
commitment  to our ethical  standards,  both  on commencing  with  Stockland  and as part  of confirming  their  annual  compliance
statement. We act promptly to investigate any breaches of our Code of Conduct and apply penalties for substantiated
breaches up to and including dismissal.
We have  programs,  processes  and systems  in place  to promote  and monitor  compliance  with  our Code  of Conduct,  including:
•harmonisation of business processes with regulatory requirements•routine monitoring and reporting to the Executive Committee and the Board on compliance (at a minimum, reporting to
the Risk Committee and Audit Committee takes place each quarter)•equal employment opportunity training in discrimination, grievance and harassment•individual employee KPIs linked to our values•training on issues of privacy, competition and consumer law•whistleblowing policy to encourage reporting of improper conduct•ongoing dialogue with external stakeholders•confidential  assistance program for employees to discuss any concerns, including those relating to improper conduct.
All new employees are required to complete mandatory compliance training as part of their on-boarding process which
includes the following areas: privacy, fraud, bribery and corruption, insider trading, escalation of procedures, raising
concerns, and conflicts  of interest. Ongoing refresher training is provided, which all existing employees must complete.
Our Fraud and Corruption Policy sets out our approach to fraud and corruption and provides relevant employee guidance.
More information on fraud and corruption prevention mechanisms is contained in our Human Rights Deep Dive .
We have a Conflict  of Interest Policy, and Group Risk monitors conflicts  via a conflict  of interest register. Conflicts  are
managed  via an approved  management  plan.  Conflicts  disclosures  are reported  to our leadership  teams  on a regular  basis,
and a summary of conflicts  disclosures is provided to our Board Risk Committee at every meeting.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Governance and Risk
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B2. Corporate Risk Management
Our approach  to risk management  is guided  by Australia/New  Zealand  Risk Management  Standard  (AS/NZS  ISO 31000:2018),
the Australian Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Principles and other applicable regulatory standards. Our Risk
Management Framework includes supporting guidelines, procedures and tools to help manage risk consistently across
the business.
We recognise the importance of building and fostering a risk-aware culture, such that every individual takes responsibility
for risks and controls in their area of authority. Our risk management approach is assured according to the Three Lines of
Defence, which, along with a strong and sustained commitment at all levels of the organisation, contribute to our resilient,
risk-aware culture.
First Line of Defence
All functions (Business Units and Group, including the Executive Committee) are responsible for managing risk through the
identification,  assessment and treatment of risks. This includes the implementation, active management and compliance
with appropriate processes, procedures, checklists and other controls, and monitoring those controls to confirm  they are,
and remain, effective.
Second Line of Defence
Our Group Legal and Risk functions assist the First Line of Defence, develop our risk management framework, and adapt
it to changes in the business and the external environment in which we operate (including physical and regulatory
changes which might impact our social and environmental performance). They are jointly responsible for building risk
management  capabilities  throughout  the business  through  actively  engaging  with  employees  in risk management  processes
and supporting training initiatives. The Group Legal and Risk functions include:
•Strategy – providing advice to management and the Board on strategic risks.•Legal  – providing legal advice and support to management and the Board on legal risks including the provision of
regulatory updates and the impact of those changes.•Corporate Risk and Assurance – providing advice to management and the Board on significant  risks, including leading
Group-wide  risk reviews.  This includes  supporting  and advising  on implementing  appropriate  risk management  processes
and controls, assessing internal controls, and managing the group insurance program. We keep our Board updated on
key risks by discussing the key risks at each meeting of the Risk Committee.•Operational Risk – providing advice and establishing frameworks for the management of operational risks, including
developing  and assuring  systems  and processes  for risks  relating  to environment,  Work  Health  and Safety  (WHS),  business
continuity, and public and physical asset safety.•Compliance – overseeing the operation and suitability of the compliance framework and its review and continuous
improvement. Our Compliance function actively supports identifying and managing risks and opportunities, including
those associated with regulatory changes. Key policies managed by Compliance include Conflict  of Interest, Employee
Property Purchase Policy, Escalation Policy, Policy Management, Whistleblowing and Third Party Due Diligence.
Third Line of Defence
Involves independent assurance and checking from:
•Internal  Audit  – which  regularly  and independently  assesses  the effectiveness  and efficiency  of our controls  and provides
periodic reporting. Audit actions and review recommendations are tracked and reported to our leadership team on a
monthly  basis  with  status  reports  submitted  to the Audit  Committee  on a quarterly  basis  (at Audit  Committee  meetings).
Our Group  Risk team  works  with  respective  business  units  and key stakeholders  to address  the findings  contained  within
audit reports.
Oversight
The Board and Risk Committee provide overall oversight of our risk management framework. The Risk Committee meets at
least four times per year and receives quarterly reports on our enterprise risk register.
External Audit provides regular and independent assessment on the effectiveness  of financial  controls and processes
in connection with preparing the Group’s financial  statements, governance disclosures and environmental and social
performance reporting. External Audit also provides an opinion on the accuracy, validity and reliability of disclosed data
and information.
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Governance and Risk
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Investment review procedure
As an investor of capital, we conduct risk assessments at critical decision points during the investment process to monitor
the risks  to our meeting  of target  returns.  Making  sound  investment  decisions  is fundamental  to our success  and to creating
long-term value for our stakeholders.
Investment  decisions  impact  our capital  allocation,  cash  flow,  financing  arrangements  and also create  a range  of other  risks
and opportunities that we need to identify and manage carefully.
Our investment  and divestment  review  procedure  specifies  that we obtain  input  from  Group  functions  to highlight  potential
challenges that need to be considered and managed before making financial  commitments and divestments.
Our Investment Committee reviews preliminary investment proposals very early in the acquisition/development life cycle.
The preliminary proposal is assessed against the Group strategy, individual business unit strategies, tactical flexibility,
financial  commitments and the long-term forecast. The Investment Committee process aims to focus our scarce resources
on the highest priority capital transactions.
The Investment Review Group (IRG), comprising representatives from our Group functions, reviews investment and
divestment  proposals  later  in the proposal’s  lifecycle,  in addition  to large  real estate-related  capital  expenditure  proposals.
The IRG highlights issues for consideration that may not have been covered in the proposal as submitted, including
environmental, legal, social and governance concerns as well as operational and financial  considerations. Financial
considerations include reviews against long-term forecast metrics such as funds from operations, forecast total return,
earnings per security, debt to total tangible assets ratio, total liabilities to total tangible assets ratio, and recurring
income ratio.
 
C. Review and evaluation of the
management approach
We review and evaluate progress against governance and
risk objectives as part of our annual reporting process.
In compliance  with  the Corporations  Act 2001  (Cth)  and the
ASX Governance Recommendation 4.2, before approving
the financial  statements for a financial  period, the Board
receives a declaration from the CEO and Chief Financial
Officer  that, in their opinion:
•the financial  records of the entity have been
properly maintained;•the financial  statements comply with the appropriate
standards and give a true and fair view of the financial
position and performance of the entity; and•the opinion has been formed based on a sound
system of risk management and internal control that
is operating effectively.
The Board oversees the Executive Committee’s
maintenance of a sound system of internal controls
for the management of material business risks. In
addition, comprehensive reports detailing material risks
and progress against key actions / initiatives are provided
to our Executive Committee and Risk Committee on a
quarterly basis.Internal Audit regularly and independently assesses the
effectiveness  and efficiency  of internal controls and
provides periodic reporting (at least quarterly to the
Audit Committee).
In addition to our annual materiality process (detailed
in our integrated Annual Report) and stakeholder
engagement, our participation in investor surveys and
voluntary reporting initiatives enables us to stay abreast
of emerging issues and international best practice
sustainability governance and to review, and evaluate
our performance against industry and broader global
benchmarks. We undertake a gap analysis each year
against key criteria presented in key investor surveys
and reporting frameworks and review our approach
accordingly. We also undertake periodic reviews of
trends and best practice with regard to sustainability
management and endeavour to remain at the forefront of
sustainability leadership in Australia.
7 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Governance and Risk
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
The table below describes key roles and responsibilities associated with our approach to governance and risk. Additional
roles and responsibilities pertaining to risk management are outlined above in the Three Lines of Defence model.
Role Responsibilities
Board of Directors Oversees management’s implementation of an effective  system of risk management,
compliance and control across the organisation
Board Risk Committee Assists the board to discharge its responsibilities in relation to assessing the
effectiveness  of our overall risk management framework
Supports a prudent and risk-aware approach to business decisions across
the company
Works with the Audit Committee, Sustainability Committee and Human Resources
Committee to assist the board in fulfilling  its responsibilities for sound management
of risk and compliance across the company
General Counsel and Company Secretary Effective  implementation of our risk management systems relating to health, safety,
customer safety and security at a Group level
Executive Committee Supports the implementation of our governance and risk management approach
Group Risk Officer Leadership of Group Risk team and establishment and management of our risk
management framework, compliance framework and internal audit function
National Manager – Group Sustainability Leadership of Sustainability team and establishment and management of our
sustainability strategy implementation framework
 
E. Version control
Revision Published Owner Changes
1 September 2018 Group Risk Officer
General Manager Sustainability and Corporate Procurement–
2 August 2019 Group Risk Office
National Manager – Group SustainabilityUpdated Stockland
Executive
Committee.
3 April 2020 National Manager – Group Sustainability 2020 Reporting
update
4 May 2020 Group Risk Officer Updated reference
to Australia/New
Zealand Risk
Management
Standard
8 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Governance and Risk
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach
to Health, Safety and Security
A. Purpose
This document sets out how we focus on the health,
safety, and wellbeing of our employees, contractors and
customers. It should be read in conjunction with our
Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive  (available on our
website) , where we report on progress against health
and safety priorities on an annual basis. Together, our
management approach documents, deep dive reports
and our data packs comprise our sustainability reporting
suite, which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
We are committed to providing a safe environment for
everyone who works with us or attends our workplace. We
are also committed to delivering communities and assets
where our residents, visitors, tenants and shoppers feel
safe at all times.
We foster a culture where health, safety and wellbeing are
core values and continuous improvement of our safety
performance is part of our normal business practice.
In addition to workplace health and safety, we also
focus on employee health and wellbeing. Stress and
anxiety  can impact  job performance,  employee  satisfaction
and retention, and ultimately affect  the achievement of
organisational goals and objectives.
For more information on our focus on the health, safety and
wellbeing  of our employees,  contractors  and customers,  see
our Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Health, Safety and Security
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Work health and safety (WHS)
Our vision is to foster a culture where health, safety
and welfare are considered core values and continuous
improvement of our safety performance is part of our
normal business practice. Our Work Health and Safety
Policy  details commitments that support our vision.
Work undertaken by direct Stockland employees is
typically limited to low-risk professional, domestic and
maintenance duties. Consequently, employee incidents
typically include manual handling related injuries,
ergonomic related injuries, muscle strains/sprains and
slip/trip/fall incidents.
Our health and safety management system is designed
and structured based on AS/NZS4801. A multi-layered
approach to managing WHS and operational risk has been
developed and implemented in all business units across
both operations and development. This multi-layered
approach is a network of periodic internal and external
audits, workplace inspections, incident investigations,
property and general liability risk audits by insurers
and numerous other compliance and risk management
initiatives. This approach also extends to our contractors
and service providers, including tenants, residents and
members of the public.
Our health and safety management framework enables
the business to effectively  manage their safety risks
through systematic identification,  assessment, control
and reporting, which includes policy and procedures on
incident management, contractor management including
the prequalification  of suppliers and contractors,
emergency management and work-related injuries.
We complete a comprehensive suite of WHS training
activities across the business. This training is delivered
through a variety of face-to-face and online learning
programs. Multiple training programs are delivered
regularly including WHS Obligations training to all project
management and development teams (all business units),
risk workshops across Retirement Living (including sales
teams), Retail Town Centre and Workplace and Logistics
portfolios, covering a range of tailored risk management
topics (e.g. contractor management, permit to work,
incident management). WHS Responsible Officers  legal
briefings  are also delivered to Leadership Teams, our
Executive Committee and the Board.In the interest  of the health  and safety  of all employees,  our
Alcohol and Other Drugs Policy provides guidelines on the
use of alcohol  and other  drugs,  and also outlines  assistance
for substance and alcohol abuse.
B2. Employee health
and wellbeing
Our focus on employee wellbeing encompasses
mental, physical and personal wellbeing, with key
aspects including:
•Work|Life Links – an independent national telephone
information  and resource  service  that assists  employees
to balance work-life commitments by providing
information and support regarding any type of
dependent care, health and lifestyle service•our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) – a free,
confidential,  independent and professional counselling
service available to all our employees and their
immediate family members to support wellbeing and
help them resolve work or personal issues. The
EAP also provides a range of online resources to
support wellbeing.•mental  health  support  and education  for our employees
through our CARE Foundation Partners R U OK?
and ReachOut.•training programs to help support personal and
organisational wellbeing and resilience.
We also provide health services to our employees,
including  annual  optional  flu vaccinations  for all employees
and a comprehensive annual executive health assessment
for all General Managers and Executive Committee
members. Corporate affiliations  provide additional health
benefits,  including discounts on health insurance, fitness
programs, gym memberships, and optical services.
Our flexibility  strategy focuses on making flexibility
business as usual. Our position is that all roles are
considered flexible.  Our commitment to flexible  working
is designed to make it easier for employees to continue
to develop a successful career, while balancing other
commitments outside of work. This commitment is
supported by tools for people managers and an online
application and monitoring system. The provision of
technology also allows our teams to stay connected while
working flexibly.
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Health, Safety and Security
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Whilst many employees have informal arrangements in
place  with  their  manager  and teams,  the online  application
system is used for formal arrangements including working
from home, part-time employment and job share.
Applications are monitored and supported by the People
and Culture function to provide for equitable outcomes.
Informal or ad hoc flexibility  is supported by our One
Simple Thing initiative, which encourages employees and
managers  to discuss  the ‘one  simple  thing’  that can support
an employee’s  work/life  balance.  This is supported  by tools
and regular  communication,  which  is tracked  in our people
management system.
More information on flexible  working, leave, bullying/
harassment prevention, and other mechanisms that
support employee health and safety is provided in
Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement
and Development  and Our Approach to Diversity
and Inclusion.
B3. Contractor safety
and performance
a. Contractor safety and performance
As construction activities present a high level of risk and
are conducted by our contractors, we require principal
contractors on all our major projects (e.g. workplace
and logistics developments) to have comprehensive WHS
management systems. This is verified  in the tender
review process.
We engage our contractors on health and safety matters
in key areas including the direct and indirect procurement
process, development and implementation of project
level safety management systems, project inductions,
WHS performance monitoring of project delivery, and
risk reviews including independent contractor audits.
Our What Stockland Expects from its Suppliers  policy,
outlines our expectations of suppliers (including health
and safety requirements) and assists them to operate
in a manner consistent with our corporate, social and
environmental values. Through these processes, we
communicate WHS expectations clearly and work with our
contractors to monitor performance and manage health
and safety risks. Site induction training is delivered online
for both staff  and contractors.
A critical step in our contractor management process is
our third-party pre-qualification  system for all directly
engaged contractors conducting physical work onsite. The
system supports us to externally validate contractor WHS
systems and processes prior to commencement of works
onsite. This validation process includes a comprehensivereview  of contractor  safety  management  systems  as well as
the verification  of insurance and licencing requirements.
We collect lost time injury (LTI) data for principal
contractors and their contractors (sub-contractors) at
development projects. We also collect total hours worked
at development projects and report an aggregated
contractor lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) for our
development projects.
b. Customer safety and security
Customer safety and security is considered at critical
points  in the design,  development  and construction  stages
of the project lifecycle and throughout our Group-wide
business activities. In the design phase, major projects
in Commercial Property and Communities businesses
undergo design risk reviews to identify and mitigate
potential health and safety impacts. In construction
and operations, regular audits and inspections are
carried out across our projects and assets to identify
opportunities for improved health and safety systems and
process performance.
Customer safety and security considerations differ  across
business units, with safety aspects for Retirement Living
varying from those for Residential, Retail Town Centres,
and Workplace and Logistics. Health and wellbeing
initiatives and objectives form part of each business unit’s
sustainability policy, which sets standards and objectives
for each phase in project development.
In our Communities business, we are committed to
delivering communities where our residents and visitors
feel safe. We recognise that feelings of safety contribute
to resident satisfaction, enhance our community value
proposition and drive customer referrals. Residents’
perceptions  of safety  are surveyed  as part  of our Liveability
Index research.
c. Customer safety and security measures
We have a range of measures in place regarding public
safety and security, which fall into three broad categories:
•physical security•monitoring and surveillance systems•notification,  awareness and training systems.
Physical security  generally consists of perimeter
fencing, locks/access control systems, boom gates,
lighting, environmental design factors (e.g. elevated mall
entrances) and vehicle impact mitigation (e.g. bollards).
These  are standard  inclusions  across  the bulk  of our assets
with  additional  security  measures  implemented  as deemed
necessary (based on local incident trends). Our approach
to physical security is supported by our Vehicle Impact
Mitigation Guideline that establishes a national approach
to vehicle impact mitigation. The guideline provides asset
specific  security and safety measures to minimise the
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Health, Safety and Security
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
likelihood and consequence of accidental or malicious
incidents caused by motor vehicles.
Monitoring and surveillance systems  commonly include
closed-circuit  television  (CCTV)  and active  security  guards.
Notification,  awareness and training systems  across
the group typically encompass a range of visual
and audible notifications  (i.e. signage and sirens/
alerts), communication systems (two-way radio and
Emergency  Warning  and Intercommunication  Systems)  and
procedures and training (emergency guidelines, desktop
exercises and emergency training). The application of
notification  and awareness systems is dependent on
the asset type and equipment available (e.g. Retail
Town Centres will typically have more sophisticated
communication systems than a Residential sales
environment). Similarly, our approach to procedures
and training is also bespoke to the risk profile  of each
asset class (e.g. external fire evacuation and emergency
management training and monthly desktop scenarios for
our Retail Town Centre and Retirement Living portfolios,
internal training and bi-monthly desktop scenarios across
Residential Communities).
Our approach to customer safety and security differs
according to the risk profiles  of our assets and their
customers. The current security and loss prevention
methodologies within Commercial Property include
traditional security measures of monitoring (CCTV and
security guards) and emergency management procedures
that are regularly reviewed and enhanced. Our Residential
and Retirement Living assets generally have different
control measures that reflect  their risk profiles,  such
as cameras and emergency notification  systems at
our residential sales centres and communications to
residents to assist in mitigating common risks, including
unauthorised access.
We have a privacy policy and associated controls and
procedures that aim to safeguard the privacy and security
of our customers. These controls and procedures help us
meet customer expectations around how their information
is managed and protected and help us meet our legal
obligations under the Privacy Act 1988. This helps build
trust  with  customers  while  continuing  to engage  with  them
as prospects, leads and customers. Our privacy policy is
publicly available on our website .B4. Health and Safety
Management Systems
WHS, contractor safety, and customer safety are governed
by our Operational Risk Integrated Management System
(ORIMS), a national system that defines  our approach
to managing operational risk and includes compliance
with associated regulatory requirements. ORIMS is aligned
with the relevant WHS legislation and AS4801. Our risk
management framework also includes business continuity
plans for our assets and insurance management for our
business, including workers compensation insurance.
All health and safety incidents are recorded in our incident
recording and investigation system (SIRF), which includes
an automated escalation process and reports for tracking
implementation of actions related to incidents or audits.
B5. Cyber security
Our business leverages IT systems, networks, and data to
operate efficiently.  Managing potential IT system failures
and cyber security breaches is a focus area to help
us manage the risk of loss of sensitive information,
operational disruption, reputation damage, and fines  and
penalties. As we continue to digitise our business and
enable digital services for our customers, protecting the
information and the privacy of our customers has become
increasingly important.
Technology safety is integral to our overall working
environment and there are measures in place in order
to protect  our business  and employees  from  cyber  security
related threats, including:
•providing employees with a digitally safe
working environment;•protecting systems, networks and end-point devices;•putting policies in place on how to safely access and
manage data, for both employees and third parties;•mandatory training for all employees to identify and
manage potential threats; and•vulnerability testing of key systems and simulated
cyber attacks to identify potential gaps and
improvement areas.
We have a dedicated Cyber Security Operations team who
manage all cyber security related incidents in conjunction
with third party services.
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Health, Safety and Security
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation of the
management approach
We review  and evaluate  progress  against  health,  safety  and
security  objectives  as part  of our annual  Health,  Safety  and
Security Deep Dive , which includes:
•a status  update  and progress  against  our short,  medium
and long-term targets;•detailed commentary on the priority actions that
contribute to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting
period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at
particular locations.
C1. Work Health and Safety
Our national Operational Risk Assurance Program
incorporates WHS and ascertains the level of compliance
with operational risk procedures. Progress against audit
action items is monitored and reported on by the
Operational Risk team.
Our WHS systems are reviewed periodically by external
legal and WHS consultants as well as internally. Reviews
often follow changes in legislation and relevant standards
but also occur on an informal basis as needed.
C2. Employee health, safety
and wellbeing
Each year our employees complete Our Voice,our
externally administered employee engagement survey
annually. The results of the Our Voice survey relating
to health and safety and work-life quality and wellbeing
are reviewed and analysed by People and Culture team
with feedback provided to the business. Action plans are
subsequently  developed  by the business  with  support  from
Human Resources to implement improvement strategies.
To analyse employee wellbeing, the People and Culture
team draws on several data sources. These include usage
rates of the Employee Assistance Program (generally less
than five per cent), carers/personal leave rates, Our Voice
survey  results  (particularly  the Wellbeing  Index),  feedback
from the related action planning sessions, and feedbackfrom  People  and Culture  Managers  and employees.  Uptake
of flexible  working  is tracked  through  employees  recording
their One Simple Thing in SAP SuccessFactors.
C3. Customer safety and security
Internal reviews and external insurance property and
general  liability  audits  are undertaken  regularly  to measure
compliance with operational risk policies and procedures.
This includes a review of public safety and emergency
response  planning  at an asset  level.  Risks  identified  through
the audit program are electronically recorded, monitored
and tracked so that compliance and identified  gaps are
addressed  by relevant  responsible  management  teams  in a
risk-prioritised order.
In addition, self-assessments are undertaken by each
asset to achieve compliance against our operational risk
management system. Our Operational Risk Managers
then undertake sample verification  checks of the self-
assessment checklists.
C4. Cyber security
Cyber security related incidents, threats and associated
risks are regularly reviewed including in the Cyber
Security Governance Committee monthly meetings with
representatives from our Technology and Group Risk
teams. This forum is responsible for identifying and
mandating any mitigation actions, including but not
limited to changes to existing controls, implementation
of new controls, identification  and implementation of
cyber security related training courses for employees via
SuccessFactors,  and/or  running  of simulated  cyber  attacks
to verify readiness with the overall goal to reduce cyber
security related risks.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Health, Safety and Security
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
The table  below  describes  key roles  and responsibilities  associated  with  our approach  to health,  safety  and security.  Health,
safety and security is considered a fundamental and integral part of everyone's role at Stockland, and is integrated into the
Balanced  Scorecard  approach  to employee  performance  management  framework.  As such,  there  are clear  health  and safety
objectives, accountabilities, KPIs and capabilities defined  for every role in the company.
Role Responsibilities
Board of Directors Oversees management’s implementation of an effective  system of risk management,
compliance and control across the organisation
Board Risk Committee Assists the board to discharge its responsibilities in relation to assessing the
effectiveness  of our overall risk management framework
Supports a prudent and risk aware approach to business decisions across
the company
Works with the Audit Committee, Sustainability Committee and Human Resources
Committee to assist the board in fulfilling  its responsibilities for sound management
of risk and compliance across the company
General Counsel and Company Secretary Effective  implementation of our risk management systems relating to health, safety,
customer safety and security at a Group level
Group Executive and CEO Commercial Property
Group Executive and CEO CommunitiesOversight of health and safety initiatives and outcomes within their respective
business units
Executive Committee Supports the implementation of our risk management framework, compliance
framework and internal audit function
Group Risk Officer Leadership of Group Risk team and establishment and management of our risk
management framework, compliance framework and internal audit function
Group Risk team Establish frameworks to help the business identify and manage operational risk,
including the development and implementation of workplace health and safety
programs, and monitoring of workplace health and safety performance of our
employees and contractors
Human Resources team Management of our employee health and wellbeing activities
Chief Innovation, Marketing and Technology Officer Effective  implementation  of our risk management  systems  relating  to IT infrastructure
and cyber security at a Group level
 
E. Version control
Revision Published Owner Changes
1 September 2018 Group Risk Officer
General Manager Human Resources–
2 August 2019 General Manager Group Risk
General Manager Human Resources–
3 August 2020 General Manager Group Risk
General Manager Organisation Development and Corporate, People and CultureAddition of security
information as
relates to cyber
security.
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Health, Safety and Security
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach
to Human Rights
A. Purpose
This document sets out our management approach
and key focus areas for the business regarding human
rights. It should be read in conjunction with our
Human Rights Deep Dive  (available on our website ),
where we report on progress against human rights
priorities on an annual basis. Together, our management
approach documents, deep dive reports and our
data packs comprise our sustainability reporting suite,
which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
In accordance with the UN Guiding Principles on Business
and Human Rights, we are committed to respecting and
promoting human rights consistent with the International
Bill of Rights  (including  the Universal  Declaration  of Human
Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights, and the International Covenant on Economic,
Social and Cultural Rights) and with the eight fundamental
Conventions of the International Labour Organisation.2 Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
2These conventions address freedom of association, collective bargaining, forced labour, minimum age, worst forms of child labour, equal remuneration and discrimination
(employment and occupation).
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Human Rights
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Overview
Stockland operates wholly within Australia, a country
with a long history of democratic government, judicial
independence and high standards of governance, and
with legislative regimes relating to human rights including
labour standards, privacy and non-discrimination. Our
commitment to both respect and promote human
rights underpins our business activities and stakeholder
relationships, and this is appropriately reflected  in our
human rights policies and procedures. We acknowledge
that our supply chain extends beyond the Australian
boundaries, and are cognisant of emerging concernsregarding modern slavery. We do not tolerate behaviour
that is in breach of the law or our corporate policies.
We respect and seek to promote human rights through
corporate  policies,  programs,  initiatives,  project  and asset
guidelines, and broader governance and stakeholder
management methods. We are a signatory to the United
Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and we support the ten
principles of the Global Compact on human rights, labour,
environment and anti-corruption.
Corporate policies that reflect  and support our
commitment to respecting and promoting human
rights include:
•Human Rights Policy
•Code of Conduct
•Fraud and Corruption Policy
•Whistle-blower Policy
•Our Approach to Diversity and Inclusion
•Anti-discrimination and Harassment Policy
•Conflict  of Interest Policy•Work Health and Safety Policy  
•What Stockland Expects from its Suppliers
•Government Relations Policy
•Environment Policy
•Privacy Policy
•Reconciliation Action Plan
•Procurement Policy
•Modern Slavery Statement
These policies promote and respect fundamental rights such as:
•Right to equality
•Freedom from discrimination
•Right to a safe work environment
•Right to family life
•Right to rest and leisure
•Right to fair remuneration
•Freedom of association•Right to collective bargaining
•Right to social security
•Right to political participation
•Right to privacy
•Freedom of thought, conscience and religion
•Rights of Indigenous peoples
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Human Rights
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
We also look to promote human rights through our business activities and other initiatives, with examples set out in the
table below.
Human Right Examples of actions
Right to own property Providing affordable  house and land packages.
Right to work (and rights of
the child)Offering  a range  of employment  support  activities  for school  students  living  in and around  our communities
(see Our Management Approach to Community ).
Right to family life Providing  flexible  working  conditions  for our employees  (see  Our Management  Approach  to Health,  Safety
and Security ).
Right to an adequate standard
of livingResponding to customer and resident feedback across our residential communities, including a focus on
housing  and product  quality  and affordability  (see  Our Management  Approach  to Customer  Engagement
and Experience ).
Right to education Supporting  and delivering  lifelong  learning  opportunities  (see  Our Management  Approach  to Community) .
Right to physical and
mental healthSupporting and delivering programs to promote health and wellbeing
(see  Our Management Approach to Community  and Our Management Approach to Health, Safety
and Security ).
Right to participate in cultural life
of the communitySupporting and delivering community programs that enhance a sense of belonging and vitality (see Our
Management Approach to Community ).
We have a number of core mandatory training programs
that all new employees  must  undertake  to comply  with  our
obligations  under  our Human  Rights  Policy . All employees
are required to refresh this training every 18 months.
This training includes modules on equal opportunity in
employment, sexual harassment in the workplace and
workplace bullying . We also deliver targeted unconscious
bias training as required and have launched a company-
wide  online  resource  for all leaders,  which  guides  inclusive
leadership and the management of day-to-day issues that
relate  to human  rights.  We offer  modern  slavery  training  to
all employees, with mandatory training for key job families
such as project management and procurement.
The above-mentioned policies also demonstrate our
commitment to encouraging a strong ethical culture to
prevent fraud and corruption. We perform internal audits,
thematic reviews, monitoring of segregation of duties and
other control mechanisms that minimise the likelihood
of fraud and corruption occurring. More information on
internal audit activities is contained in Our Management
Approach to Governance and Risk .Human rights stakeholders
Our stakeholders can be divided into two categories:
stakeholders as rights-holders, and stakeholders that
influence  the human rights context.
When human rights attach to individuals or communities,
these  stakeholders  are considered  rights-holders.  Three  of
our stakeholder groups may be considered rights-holders:
employees, customers and communities. Particularly
vulnerable  populations  within  these  groups  require  special
attention, either because their rights are more likely to be
impacted upon, or their vulnerability means they are less
equipped to advocate or likely to be heard.
Stakeholders that influence  the human rights context
include institutions, agencies, businesses and entities.
These stakeholders do not hold human rights; however,
they have important duties to protect, promote, respect
and support human rights. They also have direct influence
over how people experience their human rights.
The table below lists vulnerable rights-holders identified
by Stockland and stakeholders that influence  the human
rights context.
Vulnerable right-holders Stakeholders influencing  Human Rights Context
•Women
•People with disabilities
•Migrant workers
•LGBTI+ people
•Trade union association
•Indigenous peoples
•Parents and carers
•Other protected attributes•Government and regulatory bodies
•Suppliers
•Security-holders and the investment community
•Media
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Human Rights
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Human rights review
In FY18, we completed a human rights issues review that
extended to 100 per cent of our operations. It leveraged
external expertise to benchmark the rights articulated in
our Human  Rights  Policy  against  human  rights  issues  facing
the property sector. The review highlighted 11 risk and
opportunity  areas  based  on a review  of key documents  and
interviews  with  our staff  who  control  frameworks  for human
rights  through  their  work  in governance,  risk,  sustainability
and procurement. The review identified  supply chain as
having the highest potential for human rights risk for
our business.
B2. Systems and procedures
The following systems and procedures are used to actively
identify, assess and implement responses to human rights
related issues across our business.
Due diligence processes
We undertake various due diligence processes at different
stages of the project lifecycle and business activity. These
incorporate  human  rights  considerations  in the assessment
process and enable us to identify, prevent and mitigate
potential human rights impacts. Examples include:
•Stakeholder relations  – regular assessments of human
rights related risks or impacts relating to employees,
customers or communities are conducted via annual
surveys such as our annual employee survey, Our
Voice (see Our Management Approach to Employee
Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion )
and our Liveability Index and Residents Voice survey
with residents (see Our Management Approach to
Customer Engagement and Experience ).•Project development  – due diligence reports prepared
for project developments require the identification  of
risks and opportunities relating to various key human
rights related aspects, including infrastructure and
servicing, contamination, sustainability, stakeholder,
archaeological, heritage,First Nations and cultural.•Assets and projects  – assessments of human rights
related risks and opportunities (relating specifically
to community development objectives and outcomes)
are conducted annually at each asset and project in
accordance with the sustainability policy.•Operations  – we conduct regular assessments of
human rights related risks and impacts relating to
our operations, particularly the health, safety and
security  of our employees  and customers,  supported  by
regular management and site based audits and reviews
(see Our Management Approach to Health, Safety
and Security ).•Supply chain  – our key suppliers are assessed against
predetermined human rights related criteria, which
they must meet to be eligible for consideration in the
procurement process. This includes health and safety,
community development and corruption. Refer to Our
Management Approach to Supply Chain  for further
information  on supply  chain  qualification  criteria.  In FY19
a supply chain risk review process was undertaken to
further inform our work in this area.•Investments  – our Investment Review Group considers
stakeholder impact, including human rights, as part
of our investment analysis and decision-making
processes, as well as our ownership policies and
practices  (see  Our Approach  to Governance  and Risk ).
Grievance mechanisms
We have  implemented  the following  grievance  mechanisms
to provide for reporting and management of human rights
incidents in a timely manner:
•Grievance procedure  – if an employee has a concern
regarding their employment, they have the option of
raising that matter through our grievance procedure. If
an employee  is unable  to resolve  the concern  informally
or with  their  manager,  they  may  raise  a formal  grievance
with  our People  and Culture  team  and the matter  will be
investigated as appropriate.•Whistleblower policy  – a whistleblowing channel
is available for reporting any improper conduct.
This channel can be used if the normal business
channels are not appropriate or if the employee or
external stakeholder wishes to report the improper
conduct anonymously.•Dispute resolution policy  – this policy sets
out approaches to deal with investor grievances
appropriately, and for advising senior management on
grievances so that processes can be improved and
risks contained.•Customer complaints handling procedure – this
procedure outlines how customer and community
complaints received by Stockland employees or
contractors  are to be identified,  addressed,  remediated
and reported. We rely on strong complaints handling
processes to strengthen customer satisfaction, reduce
risks  and identify  opportunities  to improve  the quality  of
our processes and services.•Privacy policy  – any member of the community
may raise a concern through our Privacy Officer
(privacy@stockland.com.au) about the way their
information has been handled.
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Human Rights
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B3. Supply chain management
Our What Stockland Expects from its Suppliers  policy
is available on our website and outlines our expectation
that suppliers operate in a manner consistent with
our corporate, social and environmental values. The
policy outlines the additional corporate responsibility and
sustainability practices we consider when making key
procurement decisions.
We have  also developed  a supply  chain  framework  outlining
our focus areas and supplier requirements with regards
to governance and management, environmental impact,
health  and safety,  social  value,  human  rights  and capability
and capacity. Refer to Our Management Approach to
Supply  Chain  for further  information.  Stockland  has further
evolved our understanding of supply chain risk with a
supply chain risk review. This is discussed in our Human
Rights Deep Dive .
Modern slavery
In April 2019 we established a Modern Slavery Working
Group,  overseen  by the Sustainability  and Risk Committees,
to develop and implement our Modern Slavery Act
strategy, manage our various initiatives and ongoing
priorities relating to effectively  identifying and managing
modern  slavery  risks  and due diligence  activities  (including
managing our reporting obligation). Co-chaired by the
General Manager of Group Project Management and Direct
Procurement and the Group Risk Officer,  the Working
Group contains representatives from across the business
including Sustainability, Legal, Investor Relations, People
and Culture, Risk, Procurement and Operations.
The inaugural Stockland Modern Slavery Statement  has
been prepared in accordance with the Modern Slavery Act
2018. This statement has been prepared by Stockland’s
Modern Slavery Working Group and endorsed by the
Stockland Board. It sets out the steps taken by Stockland
during the financial  year ending 30 June 2020 to identify
and prevent modern slavery within its operations and
supply chains. This is discussed in our Human Rights
Deep Dive .B4. Accessibility
Across our Retail Town Centre developments, accessibility
is a key component of our commitment to create places
where everyone feels welcome. We commit to delivering
a quiet room to provide a calm, low-sensory environment
for people with Autism Spectrum Disorder and their carers
and parents  in all new retail  town  centre  developments.  We
also focus on inclusion by delivering inclusive playspaces
certified  by Variety  and adult  change  tables  designed  using
principles from Changing Places.
In our Residential business we are focused on liveability
and improving industry standards to raise liveability
benchmarks for our residents. Our proprietary liveability
research is a key element of our residential customer
engagement. The Liveability Index is a derived score
that takes into account six core elements: community
perceptions, personal circumstances; accessibility;
amenity; education, and home design, and is determined
using regression analysis.
Livable  Housing  Australia  (LHA)  has introduced  a voluntary
three-tier performance range for liveable housing design:
Silver, Gold and Platinum. This LHA certification  promotes
good design principles and can add to the long-term value
of homes in our communities. The Livable Housing Design
Guidelines describe 16 easy living design elements based
on simple principles, such as minimum width corridors
and more generous bathrooms. Each element details the
performance expected to achieve Silver, Gold or Platinum
level  accreditation.  LHA issues  the Liveable  Housing  Design
Quality Mark to accredited building projects that are
assessed  at the Design  and As Built  stages  of development.
We are committed to all new greenfield  retirement
living villages achieving Silver design certification  and our
Retirement Living Design Guidelines have been developed
to reflect  the LHA principles. We are also committed to
delivering a minimum of 5 per cent of all new Stockland
Townhouse and Completed Homes to LHA Silver standard
(and up to 20 per cent where a demand for LHA homes has
been  identified  through  internal  research).  We are working
with our builder partners to improve industry capacity
through increasing awareness, improving deliverability
and identifying opportunities for cost reduction. We also
continue to advocate within industry through the Property
Council of Australia and the Green Building Council of
Australia on the importance of market transformation and
acceptance of LHA as an industry standard
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Human Rights
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation
of the management approach
We review and report on our progress against our human
rights priorities in our annual Human Rights Deep Dive . In
this reporting, we include:
•a status  update  and progress  against  our short,  medium
and long-term targets;•detailed commentary on the priority actions that
contribute to the achievement of key targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting
period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at
particular locations.
Current indicators for evaluating our human rights
performance include:
•incidents of non-compliance with the Human
Rights Policy and associated policies during the
reporting period;•number of stakeholder grievances relating to human
rights raised and percentage remediated during the
reporting  period  through  formal  grievance  mechanisms;•progress against the initiatives in our Reconciliation
Action Plan;•supplier  management  in relation  to human  rights  related
criteria; and•nature of the key human rights risks and impacts
identified  in the reporting  period  and measures  taken  to
prevent, mitigate or remediate.
We have benchmarked our Human Rights Policy and
approach against the UN Global Compact Principles and
found our approach to be current and relevant. We will
continue to benchmark our approach against emerging
global practice and are committed to maturing our
approach as regulations and stakeholder expectations
evolve. We appreciate that human rights are about
rights-holders  and acknowledge  that their  perceptions  are
equally as important as any objective and/or quantitative
data relating to our performance against particular
indicators or criteria.
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Human Rights
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
Key roles and responsibilities for delivering our approach to human rights across our business are described in the table
below. In addition to the responsibilities itemised below, respect for human rights is considered the responsibility of all
employees and is driven by policies, procedures, practical toolkits and shared best practices.
Role Responsibilities
Chief Financial Officer  (CFO) Responsibility for human rights at a Group level
Managing Director and CEO, business unit CEOs Respecting and promoting human rights within their teams, business units
and activities
Executive Committee Supports the delivery of our human rights approach
National Manager – Group Sustainability Effective  implementation and evaluation of the community development initiatives
that promote the human rights of our customers and communities
Development  and maintenance  of an effective  framework  for encouraging  respect  for
human rights and responsible practices in our indirect supply chain
Reports directly to CFO
General Manager – People and Culture Effective  implementation  and evaluation  of policies  and programs  to promote  labour-
related human rights within our direct workforce
General Manager – Group Risk Grievance Mechanisms
General Manager – Project Management and
Direct ProcurementEffective  monitoring and evaluation of human rights related issues across our
development supply chain
Encourage the responsible practices of our contractors and their respect for
human rights
Compliance and People and Culture teams Provide guidance to employees on the appropriate procedures available to support
employees through the resolution of disputes or grievances
 
E. Version control
Revision Published Owner(s) Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Sustainability and Corporate Procurement
2 August 2019 National Manager – Group Sustainability
General Manager – Group Project Management & Direct ProcurementAdded information
about our supply
chain risk review.
3 April 2020 National Manager – Group Sustainability
General Manager – Group Project Management & Direct ProcurementAdded content on
Modern Slavery
Statement
7 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Human Rights
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach
to Stakeholder Engagement
A. Purpose
This document sets out our approach to engaging with
our numerous and varied stakeholders. It should be
read in conjunction with our deep dive reports and data
packs, which comprise our sustainability reporting suite
(available  on our website ), which  is prepared  in adherence
to the International Integrated Reporting Framework
principles of materiality, stakeholder responsiveness,
reliability and completeness; in accordance with the GRI
Standards1(Comprehensive); and is third party assured .
Sound  stakeholder  engagement  is important  for developing
and maintaining strong relationships that enable us to
understand our stakeholders’ unique needs, perceptions,
and concerns.
Across our diverse business, we engage with stakeholders
on important life decisions, whether it is deciding where
to shop or work, buying a first home or an investment
property, or deciding where to live in retirement. We
practice open, honest, two-way communication and
recognise  the mutual  benefits  for both  our business  and our
stakeholders that result from genuine engagement.Our approach to stakeholder engagement encourages
regular dialogue with: 
•securityholders  and the investment  community  through
our Investor Relations team•media through our Stakeholder Relations team•governments and agencies at all levels through both
our Stakeholder Relations team and our project and
asset teams•employees through various internal
communication mechanisms•customers and community partners through our
Commercial Property and Communities businesses.
There is only a Stakeholder Engagement Management
Approach, no associated Deep Dive. Annual stakeholder
initiatives are reported in a number of other Deep
Dives, including Customer Engagement and Experience ,
Community , and Employee Engagement, Development,
Diversity and Inclusion .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Stakeholder Engagement
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Stakeholder groups
We have identified  seven key stakeholder groups that either have a significant  impact on, or are significantly  impacted by,
our performance.
Our key stakeholders How we engage
Employees
We have over 1,600 employees.Our annual Our Voice employee survey measures employee engagement across the organisation.
Employees are also provided with opportunities to provide feedback on specific  issues throughout
the year. Our intranet, stockXchange, is a key source of business news, activities and policies, and
is updated each business day.
Our annual employee roadshows provide an opportunity for our Executive Committee to interact
with employees in each capital city where we operate and provide an update on our strategy
and performance. Employees are able to ask questions anonymously or directly to our Executive
Committee as part of these roadshows and throughout the year.
Our Employee Town Hall meetings provide an opportunity for employees to be briefed on half-and
full-year results. The Town Hall meetings are held at Stockland Head Office  and are made available
to employees  across  Australia  via a live webcast.  Employees  are encouraged  to submit  questions  to
the Executive  Committee  to be addressed  during  the meetings.  Our Managing  Director  and CEO also
sends an email to all employees outlining the results.
For more information on our engagement with employees refer to Our Management Approach to
Employee Engagement and Developmen t.
Government and regulators
Federal, state and local governments
set the regulatory environment in which
we operate.We engage regularly with all levels of government in New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland,
Western Australia, South Australia and the Australian Capital Territory, both directly and through
industry associations. We also engage with the federal government.
Securityholders and the
investment community
We have over 52,600 securityholders in
Australia and overseas.We provide investor briefings  on our strategy and financial  results. At our Annual General Meeting,
security-holders can engage with our Board of Directors and are updated on our strategy and
performance. Our management also meet regularly with institutional investors.
For more information on our engagement with security-holders and investors see the Investor
Relations update below.
Customers
We have daily contact with a diverse
range of customers, including commercial,
retail and industrial tenants, shoppers
in our retail centres, our residential
community customers and residents and
prospective residents in our retirement
living communities.We regularly  seek  feedback  from  customers  through  surveys  and other  research,  and we incorporate
feedback into our strategy, product design and service offerings.
Customer Relations Management Systems are in place across all of our businesses to support
regular, effective  and responsive engagement with our customers.
For more information on our engagement with our customers refer to Our Management Approach
to Customer Engagement and Experience .
Suppliers
We procure services and products from
over 3,660 active suppliers with the top
100 suppliers representing approximately
75 per cent of our spend.Spend  associated  with  the development  of our assets  accounts  for approximately  75 per cent  of our
annual direct procurement spend, with operational and corporate procurement each representing
approximately 15 per cent of annual procured spend combined, and the remaining 10% for
non-procurement activitiessuch as tax.
We actively  monitor  and engage  with  our suppliers.  Our strategic  suppliers  (predominantly  involved
in the development and construction of our assets) are pre-qualified  to confirm  they have the
capability and proven ability to meet general and project-specific  sustainability and quality
requirements. This involves an assessment of the occupational health and safety systems, financial
viability, environmental, social and sustainability capabilities of suppliers.
For more information on our engagement with suppliers see Our Management Approach to
Supply Chain .
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Stakeholder Engagement
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key stakeholders How we engage
Communities
The people who reside, work or engage in
the areas where we operate.Our engagement with communities includes community and consultation forums, one-on-one
meetings with community groups and local leaders, as well as surveys and research.
For more information on our engagement with communities see Our Management Approach
to Community .
Media
We interact with journalists across
a wide spectrum of local, regional,
metropolitan and national print and
electronic media outlets.We regularly engage with the media to provide information about our business that supports clear
and accurate reporting.
We aim to respond promptly to requests for information about our business activities.
B2. Stakeholder engagement approach framework
We have a well-established stakeholder engagement approach framework that informs the Stakeholder Relations function
strategy  together  with  the strategies  of our operating  businesses  and their  assets  and development  projects.  This framework
is based on five fundamental principles, endorsed by our Board and Executive Committee, which continue to guide our
engagement with a wide variety of stakeholders:
•a proactive, harmonised approach across the business;•early prioritised engagement with stakeholders to help build a clear project vision and identify key milestones;•clear understanding of our stakeholders and their key drivers to build trust beyond the project;•regular communications, recording and reporting; and•capturing stakeholder trends across the business and externally to inform our future strategy.
Our Board and Executive Committee receive regular reports with updates on our engagement approach and emerging
stakeholder issues or concerns. The Board receives these reports as per their meeting schedule, and the Executive
Committee receives these reports monthly.
We have statewide stakeholder engagement strategies and asset and project-specific  stakeholder engagement plans
focused  on understanding  and responding  to local  issues.  We review  environmental  and social  impacts  of key development
projects and develop sustainability initiatives to enhance project outcomes.
At the start of every project, teams are required to identify key government and community stakeholders, the objectives
of their engagement approach, and any issues that might impact on the project in the future. Based on this, project-level
stakeholder  engagement  plans  are developed  based  on the updated  stakeholder  engagement  template.  This is guided  by our
five fundamental  principles  and philosophy  of proactive  engagement.  The development,  implementation  and monitoring  of
all plans  is overseen  by our Stakeholder  Relations  team,  who  are also responsible  for facilitating  the dissemination  of lessons,
trends and successful initiatives across the business.
The rest of this document focuses on our approach to engaging the investment community, the media, and government
stakeholders. Finer detail on our management approaches related to other stakeholder groups are provided in
separate documents:
•Our Management Approach to Employee Engagement and Development•Our Management Approach to Diversity and Inclusion•Our Management Approach to Customer Engagement and Experience•Our Management Approach to Community
We have  established  responses  to the typical  issues  faced  at development  sites  and in the operation  of our assets,  including
water  management,  waste,  energy  and efficiency,  climate  resilience,  biodiversity,  stakeholder  engagement  and health  and
safety. Further information on these issues and our approaches can be found on our website .
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Stakeholder Engagement
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B3. Investor relations
We have over 52,600 securityholders in Australia and overseas. We aim to keep all securityholders well informed of all
major developments and business events that are material and price sensitive in accordance with Principle 5 and Principle
6 of the ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations. A copy of our Continuous Disclosure and External
Communication Policy is available on our website.
We provide  securityholders  with  information  through  our annual  and half-year  financial  reports,  our Annual  General  Meeting
and announcements of market-sensitive and other information, including full-year and half-year results and quarterly
updates. These documents are lodged with the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and are publicly available on our
website  .
To support  our retail  securityholders  having  timely  access  to information  we promote  the use of electronic  communication,
providing alerts on major announcements for those with registered emails. We also participate in online interviews with
brokers and our major announcements are published on our corporate Twitter account, @Stockland, and on our  website .
Over the last four years we have streamlined our financial  accounts and provide more integrated reporting to enhance
accessibility for all stakeholders.
All securityholders are encouraged to engage with senior management and our Board of Directors at our Annual General
Meeting.  Copies  of addresses  made  by the Chairman  and Managing  Director  and the minutes  of the Annual  General  Meeting
are lodged with the ASX and are publicly available on our website. Common agenda items voted on by securityholders at
our Annual General Meeting include remuneration, and director elections.
We also communicate with the investment community via regular group and one-on-one management meetings,
presentations by senior management, and by participating in domestic and offshore  investor conferences and roadshows.
Our market briefings  are webcast over the internet.
In addition,  the Chairman  undertakes  regular  engagement  with  our key institutional  investors  and proxy  advisors,  including
the Australian Shareholders’ Association. This provides a useful forum for both the Board and our investors to remain
informed on current market views, commercial developments and industry trends.
B4. Government and industry relations
We pride ourselves on a high level of professional and ethical engagement with all levels of government. We strive to be
a trusted partner of government by implementing a consistent approach in our relations through the Board, Executive
Committee and management. Led by our Government Relations team, we actively engage with governments, public
servants, regulators and our industry bodies in relation to policy and specific  projects.
This engagement is guided by a Board-endorsed government relations policy, which provides Stockland employees with
clear guidance on what is expected of them when engaging with government. The policy is updated every two years or as
required and communicated through a range of channels, including face-to-face briefings,  the intranet and our website.
Our policy is to make no donations to politicians or political parties at any level of government. This policy has been in
place  since  1 July 2008.  We expect  that all of our projects  are judged  solely  on their  merits  and it is important  to us that our
community stakeholders share this view.
We actively  monitor  legislative  and regulatory  change  directly  through  our businesses  and our Stakeholder  Relations  team,
as well as via key industry bodies. We are an active member of Business Council of Australia, Green Building Council of
Australia,  Property  Council  of Australia,  Shopping  Centre  Council  of Australia,  and Urban  Development  Institute  of Australia,
and they  continue  to be our primary  representative  bodies  at both  federal  and state  levels.  We also engage  with  the Investor
Group on Climate Change and participate as an Organisational Stakeholder in the Global Reporting Initiative.
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Stakeholder Engagement
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B5. Media relations
We take  a proactive  media  engagement  approach,  and regularly  engage  with  media  outlets  at a national,  state,  regional  and
local  level  to communicate  the strategic  objectives  of our business.  We proactively  engage  with  the media  to communicate
and respond to the issues that are important to our stakeholders, including our customers and the broader communityies
surrounding our assets
We distribute all major ASX announcements relating to major capital transactions, strategic partnerships and financial
results updates directly to media, and we have a dedicated in-house team available 24/7 to respond to all media inquiries.
We also host  detailed  briefings  with  business  and property  journalists  as an integral  part  of our half-  and full-year  reporting
cycles. We frequently host and participate in media events, industry speaking engagements and interviews to broker
important news and updates about our business.
As part  of our approach  to community  consultation,  we also supply  key facts  relating  to proposed  or active  developments  to
the appropriate  media  outlets  for dissemination  and consideration  by the respective  local  communities  in which  we operate.
C. Review and evaluation of the management
approach
We review  and evaluate  our progress  against  our stakeholder  engagement  commitments  and priorities  as part  of our annual
reporting process.
We review and refresh our stakeholder engagement planning on a monthly basis through executive reporting, where we
capture and report on projects across the country from a stakeholder perspective. This tool enables us to monitor our
projects, assess the effectiveness  of engagement measures and in turn share effective  practices and key learnings with
the business. It also allows us to monitor feedback from a range of stakeholders representing government, public service,
business partners, industry and the community on a regular basis.
At a project level, regular review of stakeholder objectives is undertaken through monthly project meetings and through
lessons learnt discussions at state and interstate levels to share best practice throughout the business. These are detailed
in project stakeholder plans and monitored via a project stakeholder database.
Media engagement is evaluated through monthly media analysis and reporting based on daily media monitoring. These
services are provided by an external third party.
We commission an independent survey to measure and monitor institutional investor confidence  in Stockland every six
months. This study is conducted by an external third party.
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Stakeholder Engagement
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
The table below describes key roles and responsibilities relating to delivery of our approach to stakeholder engagement.
Stakeholder engagement is considered a fundamental and integral part of everyone's role at Stockland, and is one of the
four core categories underpinning our Balanced Scorecard approach. As such, there are clear stakeholder engagement
objectives, accountabilities, KPIs and capabilities defined  for every role in the company.
Role Responsibilities
Chief Financial Officer Responsibility for stakeholder engagement at a Group level
Reports directly to the Managing Director and CEO
Executive Committee Supports the delivery of our stakeholder engagement approach
General Manager – Stakeholder Relations Management of internal communications as well as the media and government
relations functions within the organisation
Reports directly to Chief Financial Officer
General Manager – Investor Relations Management of investor relations and corporate communications
 
E. Version control
Revision Date Owner(s) Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager Stakeholder Relations
2 August 2019 General Manager Stakeholder Relations
3 April 2020 General Manager Stakeholder Relations
General Manager Investor Relations
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Stakeholder Engagement
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING FY20
Our Management Approach
to Supply Chain
A. Purpose
This document sets out our approach to managing our
procurement and supply chain activities. It should be read
in conjunction  with  our Supply  Chain  Deep  Dive  (available
on our website ), where we report on progress against
supply chain priorities on an annual basis. Together, our
management approach documents, deep dive reports
and our data packs comprise our sustainability reporting
suite, which is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
Every year, we partner with hundreds of suppliers that
include  construction  contractors,  operational  consultants,
and suppliers of office  products. We work to build strong
partnerships with our suppliers so that they are motivated
to operate  in a manner  that is consistent  with  our values  and
standards  by considering  social,  environmental  and human
rights-related factors in procurement decisions.We are committed to responsible procurement and
sustainable supply chain management. We recognise that
having  a sustainable  supply  chain  is fundamental  to having
a sustainable business.
For more information our approach to managing our
procurement and supply chain activities see our Supply
Chain Deep Dive .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Supply Chain
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
B. Management approach
B1. Overview
We adopt a Group-wide strategic approach to managing our procurement and supply chain activities across our three key
focus  areas,  which  represent  different  aspects  of our business,  as outlined  below.  Direct  procurement  spend  associated  with
the development  of our assets  accounts  for approximately  75 per cent  of our annual  spend,  with  operational  and corporate
procurement representing approximately 15 per cent of annual procured spend combined, and the remaining 10 per cent
for non-procurement activities like tax.
Supply chain framework
We work with a wide and varied range of suppliers and endeavour to build partnerships with suppliers that operate in
a manner that is consistent with our values and standards. Our expectation is that our suppliers and their supply chain
comply  with  Australian  federal,  state  and local  laws  and regulations  including  but not limited  to labour  laws,  environmental
regulations and workplace health and safety standards. Where a supplier’s operations occur outside Australia, our
expectation is that our suppliers comply with legislation in the country(ies) of operation as well as the ten principles of the
United Nations Global Compact.
Our supply chain framework outlines six key focus areas for our supply chain to help us deliver sustainable outcomes. This
is supported by our policy What Stockland Expects from its Suppliers , which is available via our website.
Stockland supply chain framework
Governance & Management Environmental Impact Health, Safety & Quality
Stockland seeks to work with suppliers who
are transparent and accountable in how they
do business. This includes complying with all
legislation and standards as well as acting
ethically in all their dealings with us and in
the marketplace.Stockland believes every organisation has a
responsibility to understand and manage their
environmental impacts. As such, we seek to
work with suppliers who have sustainable
procurement practices and prioritise the use of
sustainable materials.Stockland provides a safe and healthy work
environment. We implement high standards
in health, safety and quality across our
operations and expect the same standards
from our suppliers.
Social Value Human Rights Innovation, Capability & Capacity
Stockland believes business can play a
positive role in society. We encourage our
suppliers to identify ways to positively
contribute to the communities in which
we operate.Stockland respects and promotes safe, fair,
diverse and inclusive workplaces. We seek to
work  with  suppliers  who  have  appropriate  labour
practices and consistent values.
Reviews regarding modern slavery are
discussed in Our Management Approach to
Human Rights .Stockland works collaboratively with indistry
partners and suppliers to achieve innovative
and sustainable outcomes. We seek to work
with  suppliers  who  have  proven  capability  and
capacity to work collaboratively to achieve
better outcomes.
We use the supply chain framework to hold suppliers accountable for demonstrating our values and we respond to any
environmental, social, and labour practice risks or impacts identified.  An example of our approach to upholding supplier
performance can be found in the ‘Contractor safety and performance’ section of Our Management Approach to Health,
Safety and Security .
2 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Supply Chain
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Supply chain procurement
We procure goods and services from a diverse range of suppliers, with the main categories shown in the diagram below. In
addition, we recognise that directly engaged suppliers often depend on products and services supplied by others, who in
turn  may  depend  on another  level  of suppliers,  and so on. This means  we engage  a number  of producers  and service  providers
in addition to our immediate suppliers.
How we categorise suppliers
Building contractors (civil and built form) Marketing and Advertising Travel and accommodation
Design consultants (architects, engineers) Utility providers Legal
General consultants Insurance Real estate
Service providers (cleaning, security, waste) Information technology Human resources
We actively  monitor  and manage  our suppliers  by categorising  suppliers  by services  provided  as well as tiers  based  on annual
spend. Our Tier 1 suppliers are classified  as those that have a direct spend greater than $5 million, with these suppliers
predominantly being those involved in the development and construction of our assets. This process provides a means of
identifying strategic business opportunities to influence  sustainability within our supply chain, further mitigating risk and
enhancing the quality of business and sustainability outcomes.
Our development spend is predominantly procured with Australian suppliers. Given the geographic spread of our projects
across Australia, we encourage our suppliers to procure from local communities. On some of our larger projects, we
have worked with the principal contractor to collect data on local procurement. While we do not have systems to report
local procurement spend across all of our projects, we are committed to sourcing labour, goods, and services from local
communities in which we operate.
Supplier management systems
We seek to work with suppliers who have demonstrated sustainability capability and have certified  management systems,
facilitating  optimal  sustainability  outcomes  in the delivery  of our projects.  All new critical  suppliers  are screened  using  labour
practices  criteria  such  as employment  practices,  health  and safety  practices,  and history  of incidents.  See Our Management
Approach  to Health,  Safety  and Security  for more  information  on contractor  health  and safety  priorities  and achievements.
All of our contractors on projects seeking a Green Star rating with contracts over $5 million (for Green Star Communities)
or $10 million (for Green Star Design & As Built) are required to have a valid ISO14001 Environmental Management System
accreditation prior to and throughout the duration of the project contract.
Development projects D-Life process
Due to the inherently complex nature of property development, the large number of suppliers involved, and the diverse
services,  materials  and equipment  required  to deliver  large-scale  developments,  we apply  our project  life cycle  process  for
development projects (D-Life), which covers the development life cycle from concept to completion.
D-Life identifies  specific  gates with critical control points, requiring approval before proceeding to the next phase of the
project life cycle, enabling compliance and reducing risk. In addition, we set minimum sustainability, environmental and
social requirements of our suppliers during the tender and project delivery processes, as outlined in the figure  below.
3 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Supply Chain
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D-LIFE VALUE CHAIN: Critical Control Points within the Project Life Cycle
4 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Supply Chain
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
C. Review and evaluation
of the management approach
We review and report on our progress against annual
procurement and supply chain priorities in our annual
Supply Chain Deep Dive . In this reporting, we include:
•a status  update  and progress  against  our short,  medium
and long term targets;•the identification  of future priorities;•highlights of initiatives implemented over the reporting
period; and•case studies that explore key achievements, usually at
particular locations.
To further evaluate the effectiveness  of our management
approach,  we engage  with  industry  bodies  and incorporate
best  practice  process  and procedures  across  our business.
We also consult external stakeholders to stay informed
about current trends and material issues and regularly
benchmark against our peers.
Through regular reporting of our progress to senior
leadership teams and to our Board, we continually review
our performance so that our approach remains relevant
and effective.
We regularly identify opportunities to reduce capital and
operational expenditure. The spend analysis also serves to
inform our procurement strategy and enable the setting of
tactical and strategic initiatives for the new financial  year.
Additional mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness
of our approach include our internal strategic review
and the internal audit process within our broader risk
management approach (see Our Management Approach
to Governance and Risk ).
5 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Supply Chain
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
D. Responsibilities
The table below describes roles and responsibilities associated with our approach to supply chain management.
Role Responsibilities
Business unit CEOs, and Managing Director and CEO Responsibility for procurement and supply chain management practices within their
teams, business units and activities
Executive Committee Supports the delivery of our approach to supply chain management
General Manager – Group Project Management and
Direct ProcurementOwner of procurement processes and procedures on our development projects.
Accountable for the execution of these policies within Project Management.
Reports directly to Chief Investment Officer  and indirectly to business unit CEOs
General Managers of Property Management (Retail
Town Centre and Workplace), Logistics and Business
Parks, and Operations (Retirement Living) supported
by Procurement Manager, Asset Management
& OperationsOversight of supply chain and procurement activities related to operations of
Commercial Property and Retirement Living assets
Report directly to respective business unit CEOs
National Manager – Group Sustainability Procurement activities in our indirect supply chain and procurement administration
across the business
Reports directly to Chief Financial Officer
 
E. Version control
Revision Published Owner(s) Changes
1 September 2018 General Manager – Project Management and Direct Procurement
General Manager – Sustainability and Corporate Procurement
2 August 2019 General Manager – Group Project Management and Direct Procurement
National Manager – Group Sustainability
3 April 2020 General Manager – Group Project Management and Direct Procurement
National Manager – Group SustainabilityUpdated with
modern slavery
content
6 Stockland Sustainability Reporting FY20 Our Management Approach to Supply Chain
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Community
Why this is important to Stockland
As one of Australia’s largest diversified  property groups,
we are well placed to have a positive and lasting impact
on the communities in which we operate. We believe
there is a better way to live, which is our purpose, and
our goal is to create and shape communities that thrive
now and into the future. Our strategic contribution to our
chosen community focus areas – Health and Wellbeing,
Community Connection and Education – is coordinated
through a combination of the following activities:
•Community investment  – our employee volunteering
and giving programs.•Community  development  – projects  and initiatives  that
enhance the communities at our assets.•The Stockland  CARE  Foundation  – our charitable  trust,
which delivers infrastructure, programs and initiatives
to Australian communities.
This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website . Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured . The material in this Deep Dive
is supported by a wider collection of performance metrics
contained in our Community Data Pack.
This Deep Dive is to be read in conjunction with our
published  approach  to human  rights,  available  as part  of our
sustainability  reporting  suite  at Our Management  Approach
to Community.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Contributed over $4.4 million to our communities
across Australia.•Stockland CARE Foundation launched a collaborative
partnership  with  charity  partners  ReachOut,  Redkite  and
R U OK?. Over the next three years this partnership
aims to invest more than $1 million as well as ongoing
non-financial  support in mental health programs to
improve  wellbeing  in Australian  communities,  including
Stockland customers, employees and their families.•Pledged $500,000 to six charitable organisations in
response to the Black Summer Australian bushfires,
shared between the Foundation for Rural and Regional
Renewal, Foodbank Australia, the Foundation for
National Parks and Wildlife, the NSW Farmers
Association, the Business Council of Australia
and Good360.•Partnered with Youth Insearch to deliver a youth
engagement  program  at Stockland  Traralgon  to support
local disadvantaged youth. Twenty-six youths were
engaged in the program, with a focus on building
positive relationships and growing self-confidence.•Achieved high wellbeing scores in our Residential and
Retirement Living communities, with residents in our
Residential  communities  achieving  a Personal  Wellbeing
Index score of 78% and our Retirement Living residents
achieving  a Personal  Wellbeing  Index  score  of 83%,  both
above the national wellbeing average of 74.2–76.7.•Evolved our partnership with The National Theatre
for Children, delivering a year-long Battery Recycling
Challenge program in 11 schools reaching almost 5,000
students, including collection and future measurement
of batteries diverted from landfill.
Pledged
$500k
in reponse to Black Summer bushfires
Contributed over
$4.4m
to our communities across Australia
 
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 targets and progress
Shape thriving communities
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Health and
WellbeingCARE Foundation partnerships
Launch two new CARE Foundation
National Strategic Partnerships in FY20
with a focus on mental health, in
response to an employee survey that
showed overwhelming support for such
a focus.Stockland CARE Foundation
launched ReachOut and R U
OK? as our two new Foundation
partners in October 2019, joining
our existing partner Redkite in
a collaborative partnership that
aims to improve wellbeing in
communities across Australia.
Undertaken numerous initiatives
including wellbeing webinars
and communications to ensure
our customers, residents and
employees understand the
importance of mental health and
where to go for support.Achieved Conduct a collaborative research
project with our national strategic
CARE Foundation partners to
help them develop a greater
understanding  of the community’s
health and wellbeing needs that
can be addressed via their future
strategic programs.
Identify opportunities to promote
R U OK?’s Indigenous ‘Stronger
Together’ campaign across
Stockland assets during NAIDOC
Week 2020.
Pilot R U OK? Day in one of
our Workplace & Logistics assets
in FY21.
Conduct a nationwide digital
campaign for R U OK? Day at our
retail  town  centres  to promote  our
CARE Foundation partner charity
R U OK? and increase  awareness  of
the importance of mental health.
Continue to evolve CARE Foundation
activities from one major event in
Foundation Fortnight to awareness
activations at our assets year-round.Worked with our new strategic
partners ReachOut and R U OK?
at Stockland assets to engage in
mental health messaging through
a variety of events throughout the
year, particularly relevant in the
COVID-19 pandemic.Achieved Undertake  a national  collaborative
campaign for Mental Health
Month in October 2020 to raise
awareness of the importance of
mental health in the community.
Achieve greater than 90 per cent
employee awareness of Foundation
partners by FY20.All new employees undertake
training as part of their induction
on the CARE Foundation, its
partners and activities.
Annual employee surveys are held
at the end of Foundation Fortnight
each year to gauge employee
participation andAchieved With employee awareness of the
CARE Foundation high due to the
embedding of partner materials
during the last six months. Focus
will be on a communications
strategy using the partners
to address mental wellbeing
initiatives going forward.
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Shape thriving communities
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Health and
WellbeingResident and customer Personal Wellbeing
Participants in Heart Foundation
Walking at our retail town centres to
have a Personal Wellbeing Index score
above  the Australian  national  average  by
the end of FY20.The Heart Foundation altered
the methodology of this year’s
wellbeing survey to include
residential and retirement living
community members involved in
walking groups. As a result, we
are unable to report the Personal
Wellbeing Index score for FY20
Heart Foundation walkers specific
to our retail portfolio.Not
ApplicableAs part of the 2030 Sustainability
Strategy review, we will be
identifying relevant health and
wellbeing indicators in line with
this strategy.
Achieve resident Personal Wellbeing
Index score across our residential
communities  above  the national  average
(as measured by Deakin University)
in FY20.Achieved an average resident
Personal Wellbeing Index score of
78% in FY20 (measured across 18
residential communities), above
the Australian national average
range of 74.2–76.7 per cent.Achieved Maintain a resident Personal
Wellbeing Index score above the
Australian national average.
Maintain the wellbeing of retirement
living residents above the Personal
Wellbeing Index national average
through FY20.Achieved an average retirement
living resident Personal Wellbeing
Index score of 83% in FY20,
well above the Australian national
average range of 74.2–76.7
per cent.Achieved Maintain a retirement living
resident Personal Wellbeing Index
score above the Australian
national average.
National wellbeing partnerships
Expand the Jamie’s Ministry of Food
Learn Your Fruit and Veg school holiday
program across our retail town centres
during FY20 to engage children on
healthy eating.Conducted two Jamie’s Ministry
of Food Learn Your Fruit and
Veg school holiday programs at
Stockland Balgowlah (NSW) and
Burleigh Heads (Qld). A further
two scheduled programs were
cancelled due to COVID-19.Achieved Deliver a five-week  online health
and wellbeing cooking program to
100 retirement living residents.
Deliver the Jamie’s Ministry of
Food seven-week community outreach
cooking and nutrition program across
three retirement living communities
in FY20.Delivered Jamie’s Ministry of
Food programs at Somerton Park
(SA), Donvale and Templestowe
(Vic), educating 120 residents
and customers.
Delivered an online five-week
program across villages in
Victoria, with 30 residents
participating from 10 villages.Achieved Deliver the Jamie’s Ministry of
Food seven-week community
outreach cooking and nutrition
program at Highlands retirement
living community in FY21.
Deliver the Jamie’s Ministry of
Food five-week  online program
in FY21 across 29 NSW and QLD
retirement living communities.
Continue to deliver Bowls Australia
Coaching Clinics at 10 retirement living
communities during FY20 to encourage
physical activity and improved health
and wellbeing.Scheduled 26 clinics across 14
villages. While we were on track
to deliver all of these clinics,
the majority were cancelled due
to COVID-19. Three clinics were
delivered at Cameron Close (VIC),
The Lakes Estate (VIC) and The
Grange (SA).In progress Deliver Bowls Australia coaching
clinics to at least 20 retirement
living communities in FY21.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Shape thriving communities
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Community
ConnectionEmployee community giving and volunteering
Achieve a volunteering rate of 50 per
cent by FY20.Volunteering targets were
progressing well for the year
against our target, with a 29%
volunteering rate achieved as at
31 March 2020. At this rate, it
would have been a stretch to
meet a 50% volunteering rate
by 30 June 2020. In addition,
the large majority of volunteering
activities from March to June
2020 were either cancelled
or postponed indefinitely  due
to COVID-19, resulting in a
volunteering rate for FY20 of 30%.Not achieved FY21 onwards will see new targets
focusing on embedding more
skilled volunteering opportunities
to achieve greater social
impact rather than focussing on
percentage rates.
Encourage workplace giving
contributions from 25 per cent of
employees by FY20Achieved a participation rate
of 29.4%. Implemented peer-to-
peer  fundraising  platform  allowing
increased accessibility along
with continuous campaigns and
promotions throughout the year.Achieved Deliver two strategic workplace
giving campaigns aligned to key
calendar events.
Community Development and Place-making
Roll-out a Community Development
toolkit in FY20 to provide tools and
resources for teams to effectively
respond to community requirements
and meet resident needs, using
the Liveability Index framework to
measure impact.Developed and tested a
Community Development toolkit
along with a liveability interactive
dashboard, allowing community
teams to use liveability and
community  needs  data  in business
planning and decision making.In progress Roll-out Community
Development toolkit.
Review applicability of scaling
Community Development toolkit
across other asset classes.
Develop a Community Impact
Valuation Tool to quantify social
value created through place-
making.
Deliver  Neighbourhood  Watch  programs
in at least two new residential
communities in FY20 to enhance the
levels of community connection and
safety in our communities.Delivered community sessions at
Cloverton (Vic) and Waterlea (Vic)
on how  to set up a Neighbourhood
Watch group.Achieved Deliver Neighbourhood Watch
programs in at least two new
residential communities in FY21.
Deliver Neighbourhood Watch
programs for seniors at two
retirement living villages in FY21,
including e-safety digital training.
Pilot an innovation start up project
in FY20 at Elara (NSW) with
Paper Plain, which has developed a
platform for facilitating community
hub management and engagement
opportunities for residents.Conducted a seven-month pilot
program with a mobile events tool
resulting in 201 Elara residents
using the mobile event and
booking tool to create 22 events,
providing an opportunity to meet
and engage  in activities  of interest.Achieved Continue to offer  the platform
to Elara residents on a month-to-
month basis.
Deliver targeted initiatives to address
crime  and anti-social  behaviour  of youth
at our retail town centres during FY20.Delivered a 12-month program
with Youth Insearch at Stockland
Traralgon (Vic) to engage 26
local youths from disadvantaged
backgrounds through weekend
workshops, in centre group
support sessions and weekly
virtual support held online
during COVID-19.Achieved Share research and knowledge
provided by our CARE Foundation
partner ReachOut around youth
disengagement and identify
potential opportunities to work
together in FY21.
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Shape thriving communities
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Community
ConnectionTraining and employment
Expand the coverage of Retail Ready
training programs to at least two
more retail town centres in FY20
through our relationship with the
Australian Retailers Association to train
local residents and provide them with
retail employment skills and improved
employment prospects.Delivered the Retail Ready
program at Stockland
Shellharbour (NSW), Nowra
(NSW) and Baringa (Qld).
Hosted a job fair with the
program at Shellharbour and
Nowra  and a job expo  at Stockland
Hervey Bay (Qld) and Stockland
Bundaberg (Qld).
The programs resulted in
11 ongoing job placements in
Queensland and four in NSW (an
additional three job placements
in NSW were unable to continue
due to permanent store closure
during COVID-19).Achieved Expand the coverage of Retail
Ready training programs to at
least two more retail town centres
in FY21.
Education Sustainability education
Pilot a Compost Revolution program
to residents across four communities
in FY20 to educate residents on
the benefits  of composting and to
improve diversion from landfill  in
Stockland’s communities.Pilot was deferred until
FY21 to allow finalisation
of the arrangements with
Compost Revolution.Not Achieved Pilot a Compost Revolution
program to residents across
four communities in FY21 to
educate residents on the
benefits  of composting and to
improve diversion from landfill  in
Stockland’s communities.
Implement the Compost
Revolution education program to
residents  across  an additional  four
communities in FY21.
Pilot a sustainability education
workshop with Conservation Volunteers
Australia across two retirement living
communities in FY20 to raise awareness
of sustainability.Held a workshop with 25 residents
at Selandra  Rise (Vic)  to make  seed
bombs to spread plants in bare
spots, creating pockets of beauty
and habitats for pollinators.
A second workshop was put on
hold due to COVID-19.In progress Deliver sustainability education
workshops with Conservation
Volunteers Australia across two
retirement living communities
in FY21.
Deliver the ABCN Spark Program at
two retirement living communities
in FY20 to encourage residents
and village management teams to
volunteer at local schools to support
early childhood reading programs
and provide positive engagement
opportunities for residents.Delivered the program with
Lightsview  Village  and Ridgehaven
Rise (SA) and Para Hills Primary
School in September 2019.
An additional  program  planned  for
May 2020  at these  two villages  was
delayed due to COVID-19.Achieved Deliver  the ABCN  Spark  Program  at
two retirement  living  communities
in FY21.
Deliver student education program
focused on sustainability.Delivered a year-long National
Theatre for Children Battery
Recycling Challenge program in
11 schools reaching almost 5,000
students, including collection and
future measurement of batteries
diverted from landfill.Achieved Deliver the National Theatre
for Children Battery Recycling
Challenge to 15 communities
in FY21 through schools and
community events.
Pilot the Battery Recycling
Challenge with one to two
retirement living villages in FY21
to encourage battery recycling
and collection. 
Additional targets relating to our Reconciliation Action Plan and our work across accessibility, including our commitment
to delivering  inclusive  playspaces  and ensuring  our Retail  Town  Centres  meet  the needs  of all shoppers,  can be found  in our
Human Rights Deep Dive.
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance and case studies
Community contribution overview
The table below provides an overview of our community contributions. In FY20 we invested over $4.4 million through our
community development, community investment programs and the Stockland CARE Foundation, as verified  by London
Benchmarking Group.1
Our community development spend is lower for FY20 than in previous years largely due to a change in our reporting
coverage.  The COVID-19  pandemic  has impacted  our business  in several  ways.  During  this time,  Stockland’s  focus  has been
on supporting our people, customers, residents and tenants. One of the ways we wanted to support our people (working
at our assets) was to reduce the reporting burden and provide them with the time and resources needed to focus on
managing our COVID-19 response. As a result, this year we have not collected community development spend data by our
assets and communities and have only reported on the community investment spend driven by Stockland’s head office.
This has included  initiatives  led through  the CARE  Foundation,  our spend  with  national  community  partners,  our community
investment  spend  and our response  to the COVID-19  pandemic.  Additionally,  many  of our community  activations  from  March
onwards  were  unable  to be held  due to COVID-19.  In some  cases  they  were  conducted  virtually.  Examples  include  the pivoting
of our face-to-face  community  programs  with  both  Jamie’s  Ministry  of Food  and Live Life Get Active  to online  classes  for our
residents  and customers.  Looking  forward,  we are exploring  alternative  ways  to deliver  community  development  programs
and collate investment and impact data in light of the new and evolving context.
A further breakdown of these contributions by category is provided in our Community Data Pack.
Contribution
Community
Contribution
category Definition FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Community
DevelopmentIncludes financial  contributions to national community
development partners and local community organisations
located in a community where we operate.1$1,728,519 $4,840,339 $4,734,707 $3,313,135 $4,052,189
Community
InvestmentIncludes workplace giving donations matched by Stockland,
ad hoc community donations made on behalf of Stockland,
in-kind donations of non-financial  goods (e.g. land), financial
support for the delivery of volunteering opportunities for our
employees, employee volunteering hours, and contributions
to CARE Foundation Partners Redkite, R U OK? and ReachOut.$1,448,191 $1,177,423 $1,222,5872$1,869,3133$5,708,666
Management
costsIncludes costs associated with the management and delivery
of Stockland’s community programs including average
salaries, costs associated with the development, design and
assistance of the Stockland sustainability report, and training
for community resources.$1,069,966 $1,393,159 $982,704 $856,205 $659,973
Total community contribution $4,246,676 $7,410,921 $6,939,998 $6,038,651 $10,420,828
1 As outlined above, we have excluded spend on community development initiatives that have been managed and paid for by our residential communities, retail town centres and
retirement  living  communities  to minimise  the impact  on our asset  teams,  so they  could  focus  on supporting  our customers,  residents  and tenants  during  the COVID-19  pandemic.
Some community programs run at assets are funded by Stockland's head office  and have been included in the FY20 community development spend.
2 This amount decreased in FY18 as we included employee donations and partner and asset fundraising in FY17. These amounts are now reported separately under Stakeholder
Contributions as described later in this document.
3 The total of $1.8 million is a decrease on FY15 and FY16 because these two years included a payment of $4,000,000 as an initial investment in the Stockland CARE Foundation. The
CARE Foundation made partner payments of $200,000 annually commencing in FY16. Our Community Data Pack contains a breakdown of community investment by category.
In addition  to the items  outlined  above,  we also facilitate  community  contributions  through  our stakeholders  and through  the
provision  of space,  bringing  our total  community  contribution  to $4,429,724.  More  detail  on these  community  contributions
is provided in the Community Investment section of this document below.
1There is a slight variance (less than 0.1%) on this amount and the amount included in London Benchmarking Group’s verification  statement, which can be attributed to rounding
limitations with their system.
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITY IN A TIME OF CRISIS
The scale and magnitude of the ‘Black Summer’ bushfire
crisis across Australia was unprecedented. The fires  that
caused such widespread devastation impacted a number
of Stockland’s retail town centres and retirement living
villages across NSW, Victoria, South Australia and the
Australian Capital Territory. In line with our values and
our desire to create thriving communities, Stockland
employees were quick to respond to help those in need.
We pledged a cash contribution of $500,000 to support
the long-term rebuilding and resilience of communities,
which will be shared between the Foundation for Regional
and Rural Renewal (FRRR), Foodbank Australia, Good360,
the Foundation for National Parks & Wildlife (FNPW),
the Business Council of Australia (Community Rebuilding
Trust) and the NSW Farmers Association (NSWFA). These
organisations were chosen due to their dual focus on
immediate  disaster  relief  programs  and ongoing  rebuilding
efforts,  and their ability to fund programs that will directly
benefit  bushfire-impacted  communities.
We also donated  $20,000  to the NSW  Rural  Fire Service  and
QLD Rural Fire Brigade to support the relief efforts  before
Christmas 2019 and $35,000 to the FRRR for its ongoing
drought relief program, and Stockland employees raised
over $14,500 before matching through our workplace
giving program.
In addition to cash donations, our employees reached
out to offer  whatever practical support was needed in
their local communities, and our retail town centres
provided much-needed resources and support for local
fire-fighting  teams.
Stockland Nowra stayed open to assist travellers and local
Shoalhaven customers who were trapped because of road
closures. On New Year’s Eve over 40 people sought refuge
from the fires,  including local resident Perry Tsang and his
family who later posted a thank you to the Nowra centre
management team on Facebook: “Penelope and her team
of security guards kept the doors open for us, lifted and
shifted  centre  couches  around,  and even  came  around  with
supplies  of water/fruit/snacks.  We are truly  thankful  for the
goodness in humanity during the crisis,” he said.
Stockland Rockhampton partnered with Anaconda to
provide six marquees to be used as temporary fire
stations for volunteer rural fire-fighters,  while the centre
management team collected snack pack items from local
retailers for fire-fighting  crews working 18-20 hour shifts.
Elysia  Billingham,  Centre  Manager,  said she was “extremely
proud to be able to support our community during this
emergency” and that her team will continue to do so
“whenever the Rockhampton community need us most.”
Stockland Forster made a vacant shop available for the
Lions Club to promote donations and food drop-offs  for
drought-affected  farmers and bushfire  victims. Along with
non-perishable food, over $2,500 was donated by the
local community.
We also witnessed village residents supporting their
local communities through fundraising. When residents
from our Greenleaves retirement village (Qld) heard that
the local Ramsay Pharmacy was raising money for The
Rescue Collective, they decided to join the cause. The
village held a fundraising dinner with the local community
generously donating a variety of goods and services to be
auctioned. A total of $2,200 was raised on the night to buy
medical supplies for wildlife injured in the bushfires.  Other
retirement villages raised funds to support their local RFS
and community groups, with residents from our Lourdes
village (NSW) raising over $5,000 and Selandra Rise (Vic)
residents raising over $6,000.
Our Golden Ponds retirement village (NSW) made a rather
memorable contribution to fire-fighting  efforts.  With so
much water needed to fight  the fires  around Foster, Anne
Bowd, Administration Manager from Golden Ponds, said
she was delighted to see the RFS helicopter filling  up using
water from our ponds.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Community development
The community  development  initiatives  reported  in FY20  encompass  community  development  initiatives  and programs  led
by our national  community  partners,  CARE  grants  and CARE  Foundation  activities.  All relevant  community  data  for FY20  sits
within our Community Data Pack.
Our community development activities and partnerships
Many of our community development activities are delivered with the assistance of our community partners. This
table summarises outcomes and highlights across our partnerships. More detail on these partnerships can be found in our
Community Data Pack .
Our community partnerships and their impact
Community
partner Description FY20 Impact Highlight
Heart
FoundationWalking groups that promote physical
activity, emotional wellbeing and community
connection held in and around Stockland
retail  town  centres,  residential  and retirement
living communities.•33 active weekly walking groups across 16 retail town centres, 16
retirement living villages and one residential community•1,443 walkers with 1,177 walking in and around retail town centres, 258 in
retirement living villages and eight in residential communities•93% of Stockland walking group participants felt that Heart Foundation
Walking had improved their overall health
Big Issue An independent, not-for-profit  organisation
dedicated to supporting and creating work
opportunities  for homeless,  marginalised  and
disadvantaged people.•Participants of the Community Street Soccer Program engaged in a safe
and non-threatening environment to promote health, wellbeing and
social inclusion •Reinforced the message that the community cares about people who are
doing it tough and working to improve their lives
Bowls Australia Active lifestyle, learning opportunities and
community connection through coaching
clinics and master classes, along with health
and wellness information sessions.•Five Jackeroo and Community Coach Clinics
•100% of survey respondents reported learning new bowling skills and
techniques (Lakes Estate clinic)•Five Men’s Health Week videos shared across retirement living villages
•100%  of respondents  felt more  connected  to their  friends  and community
on the day (Lakes Estate clinic)•Piloted  ‘Roll  Back  the Clock’  four-week  health  and wellbeing  program  in SA
Jamie’s Ministry
of FoodProvides healthy eating and good nutrition
hands-on education programs and cooking
schools through Community Outreach
programs, Mobile Kitchen programs,
localised cooking demonstrations and Learn
Your Fruit and Veg programs.•1,281 participants across all programs
•Conducted a six-week outreach program at seven retirement living
villages across Vic, QLD and SA, attended by 58 residents•327 children participated in the Learn Your Fruit and Veg program at two
retail town centres
Live Life Get
ActiveWeekly community fitness  classes provided
free of charge to local Stockland
residential communities.•7,956 residents from the direct and surrounding suburbs engaged across
16 locations•8,302 hours of outdoor activity
•Participants’  health  and wellbeing  improvements  include  7,956  kilograms
lost and 10,427 centimetres lost from around the waists of members 
Redkite Provides essential support to children and
young  people  with  cancer  (up to the age of 18).•As a result of Stockland's funding, Redkite was able to provide practical
and/or  emotional  support  services  to 72 families  at different  stages  of their
child's cancer journey.•Among  all the individuals  and families  supported,  82%  felt more  equipped
to support their family
ReachOut
AustraliaReachOut is an online mental health
organisation for young people and their
parents. It is free and available 24/7 for any
young person who needs support with their
mental health and wellbeing.•Over 100,000 views through on-demand webinar with ReachOut CEO
Ashley de Silva, containing tips and information for teenagers and their
parents during COVID-19•Included a co-branded Stockland CARE Foundation/ReachOut postcard,
with five tips for feeling good about yourself, in 10,000 emergency food
boxes distributed to disadvantaged families
9 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Community
partner Description FY20 Impact Highlight
R U OK? R U OK? is a public education charity whose
vision is a world where we're all connected
and are protected from suicide. The R U OK?
mission is to inspire and empower everyone
to meaningfully connect with people around
them and support anyone struggling with life.•Over 10,000 R U OK? connection postcards delivered to our retirement
living residents encouraging them to connect with their neighbours, and
over 25,000 impressions on social posts•Focusing  on mental  health  and raising  awareness  through  R U OK? Day has
created more connected communities around our retail centres•National employee live webinar in collaboration with ReachOut advising
employees  on how  to stay connected  and having  conversations  with  their
colleagues, families and friends
Conservation
Volunteers
Australia (CVA)Supported volunteering for Stockland
employees to take part in conservation
programs across Australia.•Improvement of critical habitat for the endangered Carnaby’s Cockatoo
•Working with CVA to bring programs into our asset base e.g. seed bomb
programs in retirement living villages
Australian
Business and
Community
Network (ABCN)Provides Stockland employees with
opportunities  to provide  facilitated  mentoring
in high needs schools around Australia.•343 students from 26 ABCN schools benefitted  from mentoring by
Stockland employees•Stockland supported 10 ABCN Accelerate scholars 
The National
Theatre for
ChildrenStudent education program focused on
sustainability, offering  students hands-on in-
class education and online resources tied
together with a live performance.•5,657 primary school students from 11 primary schools attended live
i-school or virtual online educational performances•277 battery recycling buckets provided to participating schools
•5,745 primary students participated in Science Expos across 21 schools,
with 347 teachers and 2,894 parents, grandparents and siblings
also attending
CARE Grants Program
Stockland CARE Grants is an annual program held across our retail town centre, retirement living and residential
portfolios to provide local organisations with the opportunity to help create more cohesive, inclusive and engaging
community-based programs.
In May 2020 we awarded over $276,000 to local community groups as Stockland CARE grants. The program, now in its
seventh  year,  has supported  grassroots  community  development  by awarding  over  $1.75  million  to 1,267  community  groups
since  its inception.  From  a shared  value  perspective,  Stockland  receives  positive  media  coverage  and social  content  related
to our community  grants  program.  This coverage  provides  visibility  of the reach  of the program  and further  raises  awareness
of both the CARE grants and the recipients in our communities.
10 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
CREATIVE ADAPTABILITY IN A TIME OF CRISIS – COVID-19
Gathering together as a community is an essential part of
belonging and is important for maintaining positive social
relationships, morale and mental health. That’s why many
of our Stockland community partnerships and programs
are designed  to bring  people  together  to socialise,  exercise
and learn.  However,  the COVID-19  pandemic  and its related
physical distancing restrictions has challenged all of us to
think  more  broadly  about  how  we can maintain  the benefits
of connection, along with staying safe.
At Stockland we have worked hard with our community
partners  to deliver  a number  of our face-to-face  health  and
wellbeing programs virtually. Jamie's Ministry of Food has
provided online cooking classes to our retirement village
residents,  while  Live Life Get Active  has provided  access  to
online  fitness  training,  nutrition  plans  and virtual  coaching,
helping our residents stay as healthy as possible.
The Stockland CARE Foundation strategic partners,
Redkite, ReachOut and R U OK?, have provided numerous
communications to our employees, customers and
residents  on maintaining  good  mental  health  and wellbeing
throughout the pandemic. Belong, our new online meeting
place  for retail  customers,  features  wellbeing  content  from
all three Foundation partners. We sent out over 9,000
R U OK? connection postcards to our retirement living
residents, and included tips for wellbeing and reducing
loneliness in our national retirement living newsletters.
We also co-funded 10,000 emergency food boxes to be
distributed to disadvantaged families by food charity Eat
Up, with an insert for young people from ReachOut on how
to look after yourself during this period.
We have also supported our employees as they adapt to
the challenges  of working  from  home  and staying  safe while
working at our front line assets. Throughout April we ran
a '30 Days of Wellbeing' campaign that shared advice on
exercising at home, keeping children entertained and how
to manage stress and anxiety. In May, over 300 employees
attended an organisation-wide webinar facilitated by R U
OK? and ReachOut to discuss the various effects  of the
pandemic  on mental  health  and what  we can all do to keep
ourselves mentally well and connected.While the COVID-19 pandemic necessitated many changes
to planned programs and initiatives, we have been
delighted by the creativity and determination of our team
and our partners to continue to support the health and
wellbeing  of all our communities,  from  our own  employees
to the communities in our residential and retirement
villages.  Throughout  this time  of meeting  immediate  needs,
we have maintained our focus on the long term. We
are already planning how we can work alongside our
partners  to best  support  the recovery  and rebuilding  of the
many communities where we operate, including through
important  awareness  raising  initiatives  such  as R U OK? Day
in September and Mental Health Month in October.
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
11 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Community investment
Giving
In FY20 our employees donated $121,504.681 to more than 140 individual charities. Stockland matched 96% of these
donations  via our workplace  giving  program  to a total  of $116,436.87.  Over  the year,  29.4  per cent  of employees  participated
in our workplace giving program, exceeding our FY20 community investment target of 25 per cent.
Volunteering
Following a review of our volunteering opportunities, we diversified  and increased the number of volunteering activities
provided to employees and recorded an increase in the uptake of skilled volunteering.
Volunteering targets were progressing well for the year against our target, with a 29% volunteering rate achieved as at
31 March 2020. At this rate, it would have been a stretch to meet a 50% volunteering rate by 30 June 2020. In addition, the
large majority of volunteering activities from March to June 2020 were either cancelled or postponed indefinitely  due to
COVID-19, resulting in a volunteering rate for FY20 of 30%.
In FY20,  488 employees  contributed  over  3,479  hours  to support  the communities  where  we operate,  including  participation
in team volunteering days, student mentoring and the use of personal volunteering leave. 125 employees volunteered in a
student mentoring program via our partnership with the Australian Business and Community Network (ABCN). Stockland
continues to work closely with ABCN in funding Indigenous scholarships and matching with mentors. In FY20 we funded an
additional two Indigenous scholarships. More information on our Indigenous scholarship program is in our Human Rights
Deep Dive .
Stockland CARE Foundation
Following  an extensive  review  and employee  engagement  survey,  the Stockland  CARE  Foundation  launched  a collaborative
partnership  in October  2019  with  two mental  health  organisations  ReachOut  Australia  and R U OK? to join our current  charity
partner  Redkite.  The Stockland  CARE  Foundation  aims  to invest  more  than  $1 million  and ongoing  non-financial  support  over
the next three years, supporting mental health programs to improve wellbeing in Australian communities.
Supported  by our state  employee  volunteer  committees,  our employees  ran numerous  events,  fundraisers  and volunteering
activities throughout FY20. Some of the highlights of the year included:
•Foundation Fortnight, a concentrated two-week period of targeted events and activations to promote awareness and
raise funds for our Stockland CARE Foundation and its partners.•Participation of 28 retirement living communities in CARE Family Day, an increase on the 19 villages that participated in
FY19.  Family  Day provides  an opportunity  to raise  awareness  about  the CARE  Foundation  and its charity  partners  in a fun
environment involving activities such as face painting, petting zoos, craft tables, treasure hunts, and food and drink.•Strategically using our partners R U OK? and ReachOut to get messaging to our communities on staying connected and
mentally strong, and where to go for relevant information during COVID-19.•Over 390 employees attended a wellbeing webinar on how to check in with those around you and have meaningful
conversations relating to mental health.•Celebrating  a five-year  partnership  and over  $1 million  investment  in supporting  Redkite  to provide  a full suite  of programs
and services, including emotional, practical and financial  support services to over 400 families.
1Of this total, $117,873.53 was donated via workplace giving, of which $116,436.87 was matched. Any difference  not matched was due to the employee matching cap of $5,000 per
person being exceeded. The remaining $3,631.15 was donated through direct cash donations and gift vouchers and were not eligible to be matched.
12 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
STRENGTHENING COMMUNITIES THROUGH THE POWER OF PARTNERSHIP
At Stockland we believe we can positively change the
way people and communities thrive. The Stockland
CARE Foundation was established to support charity
organisations that can help Stockland deliver on our
aspiration to improve the health, wellbeing and education
of Australian communities.
In October 2019, the Stockland CARE Foundation
established a collaborative partnership between our three
charity partners ReachOut, Redkite and R U OK? with the
common goal to improve the wellbeing of communities
across Australia. Through this partnership we will seek to
empower our communities to build the essential skills,
resources and networks to support each other towards a
better way to live.
This collaborative partnership sees the four organisations
come together as a ‘community of practice’ to share
resources, tools and challenges and build a culture of
continuous learning and improvement. We have already
held workshops to agree partnership principles and think
innovatively about how we will work together and share
knowledge to maximise our joint overall impact.
Given the massive social disruption caused by COVID-19,
the establishment of this new collaborative partnership
has been timely and fortunate. It is more important
now than ever before to support and strengthen our
shared communities. Over the next three years, the CARE
Foundation will invest more than $1 million and ongoing
non-financial  support in our Foundation partners, to help
raise awareness and support for mental health programs
in Australian communities, which will help communities
recover and rebuild for the future. Mental health and
wellbeing was chosen by an overwhelming majority of
Stockland employees as the key focus area for the
CARE Foundation.
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
13 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Customer Engagement and Experience
Why this is important to Stockland
Understanding  and responding  to our customers’  changing
needs and improving the customer experience is critical to
the sustainability  of our business  and the ongoing  relevance
and reputation of our brand, products and services.
Our commitment to customer engagement is consistent
across our diverse customer base, which includes:
•the people who live in our residential communities;•the people who live in our retirement
living communities;•the people who may potentially live in our residential
and retirement living communities;•shoppers and retailers in our Retail Town Centres; and•Workplace, Logistics and Business Park tenants across
our commercial assets.
This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website . Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
This Deep  Dive  is to be read  in conjunction  with  our published
approach to customer engagement and experience,
available as part of our sustainability reporting suite at
Our Management Approach to Customer Engagement
and Experience . Please note that investor and broader
community engagement activities are detailed in Our
Management Approach to Stakeholder Engagement,
Our Management Approach to Community and our
Community Deep Dive .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Delivered ~2% of FFO through 39 customer-orienated
innovation initiatives across the business.•Continued our focus on becoming a customer-
centric organisation focused on maximising customer
satisfaction across all business units, implementing
strategy to exceed customer expectations and
maximising commercial outcomes.•Further unlocked the value of customer experience
by better understanding the commercial value of
innovative ideas to improve the customer experience.•Mapped the end-to-end customer journey in our
Communities business and overlayed years of survey
results and behavioural insights.•Developed C-Life segmentation, a bespoke
segmentation tool allowing the business to better
understand  customer  profiles,  needs  and values  early  in
the development journey.•Piloted three PropTech start-ups built during Stockland
Accelerator at our residential and comercial assets.•Invested in two promising PropTech start-ups: Yodel, a
communication and workplace management platform;
and Bricklet,  a platform  that makes  property  investment
more accessible by breaking up a property into smaller
units called ‘bricklets’ which can then be bought
individually by investors.•Exceeded performance targets in FY20 across the
following customer groups:
•Achieved an 80 per cent retail tenant
satisfaction score•Achieved the highest level of Retirement Living
resident satisfaction in the last five years with
92 per cent  of residents  rating  their  overall  happiness
between 7 and 10.
Retail tenant satisfaction
80%
Target 77%
Retirement Living satisfaction
92%
Residential communities
resident satisfaction
91%
Retail shopper satisfaction
80%
Target 80%
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 targets and progress
Shape thriving communities
Focus Area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Tenant
satisfactionAchieve retail tenant satisfaction
of 77 per cent in FY2080% retailer satisfaction score Achieved Achieve retailer satisfaction of 75
per cent in FY21
Achieve tenant satisfaction
amongst Logistics, Business
Parks and Workplace tenants of
80 per cent in FY20In light of COVID-19, we deferred
our annual satisfaction survey
typically  launched  in March  of the
financial  year.N/A Achieve tenant satisfaction
amongst  Workplace  and Logistics
tenants of 80 per cent in FY21
Shopper
 satisfactionAchieve retail shopper
satisfaction  of 80 per cent  in FY2080% shopper satisfaction score Achieved Maintain shopper satisfaction
score of 80 per cent in FY21
Residential
customer
satisfactionAchieve prospective resident
satisfaction score (Lead and
Opportunity) of 85 per cent
in FY2081% prospective Residential
customer satisfaction score.In progress Achieve 80 per cent satisfaction
score amongst lead and
opportunity customers
Residential
LiveabilityAchieve  resident  Liveability  Index
score across our residential
communities of 75 per cent
in FY2074% Liveability Index score,
marginally below the target of 75
per cent.In progress Achieve a Liveability score
of 75 per cent across our
residential communities
Retirement
Living customer
satisfactionAchieve prospective Retirement
Living customer satisfaction
score  of 75 per cent  in FY20  (Leads
and Reservations)78% prospective Retirement
Living customer satisfactionAchieved Achieve 80% per cent
satisfaction score amongst Lead
and Reservation customers
Retirement
Living resident
satisfactionAchieve  resident  happiness  score
across our Retirement Living
communities of 8.25 (mean
score) in FY20Achieved a Resident satisfaction
mean score of 8.57 nationally,
with 92 per cent of residents
rating their overall happiness
between 7 and 10.Achieved Achieve an 85% happiness
score amongst our retirement
living residents
Innovation Contribute over 1% of FFO due to
new innovationAchieved a ~2% contribution
to FFO through 39 initiatives
across the business, including C-
Life segmentation tools and lead
scoring and prediction models.Achieved
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance and case studies
During  FY20  we continued  our company-wide  focus  on providing  and investing  in great  customer  experiences.  Our Customer
Insights  and Analytics  team  have  developed  value  drivers  behind  each  of our customer  key performance  indicators,  enabling
our customer  facing  teams  to understand  which  specific  components  of the customer  journey  they  can influence  to generate
the highest returns.
We will continue  to develop  our analytical  approach  to quantify  how  much  customer  satisfaction  contributes  to Stockland’s
financial  performance,  achieved  through  linking  hard  financial  metrics  and commercial  value  to customer  feedback  metrics.
Our priority  to date  has been  the Communities  business,  however  in FY21  Commercial  Property  will also adopt  this approach.
Lab-52,  our internal  innovation  capability,  helps  select,  support  and nurture  new initiatives  across  the business.  During  FY20,
Lab-52  has supported  new growth  initiatives  contributing  approximately  2 per cent  of FFO.  We have  accelerated  innovation
across the business leveraging technology and our digital and data capabilities, including implementation of CORE, our
end-to-end enterprise platform, residential product digitisation and retail omni-channel capabilities.
Customer experience
Unlocking the value of the customer experience
As a customer-centric organisation, Stockland is focused on optimising customer experience and satisfaction. We spend
much  of our time  understanding  customer  needs,  behaviours  and feedback  and then  generating  innovative  ways  to improve
the customer experience.
While  our focus  on improving  the customer  experience  has generated  a surge  in new ideas,  it is important  for us to prioritise
those ideas that can simultaneously exceed customer expectations and maximise commercial outcomes. To focus and
prioritise  our efforts  we apply  data  science-based  methodologies  to evaluate  the commercial  upside  of each  idea,  unlocking
the true value of customer experience.
As an example, one of our FY20 initiatives mapped the end-to-end customer journey in our Comunities business and
overlayed this with years of survey results and behavioural insights. We used our key success metric – customer referrals
– to determine the key drivers of an excellent experience. By correlating ‘likelihood to recommend’ to how we deliver to
expectations we can improve the experience, generate more customer referrals and increase sales conversion.
In our residential land business, undertaking this process showed that by reducing customer pain points, setting and
delivering to expectations (for example, on land registration timelines and amenity delivery) and eliminating delays, we
could unlock upwards of $12 million annually.
We are also leveraging our data-science capabilities to optimise our retail portfolio and the shopper experience.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Customer centricity made possible with C-Life
At Stockland our passion to simultaneously maximise customer satisfaction and commercial value has led to the
development  of our C-Life  methodology  during  FY20.  C-Life,  a first in the property  industry,  will provide  a unique  advantage
to Stockland by helping us overcome many of the common constraints in designing customer strategies including time,
budget  and access  to the right  data.1 Using  leading-edge  data  science  methodologies,  C-Life  seeks  to clarify  answers  to three
questions required to develop a meaningful customer strategy or response.
Who are the most (or potentially the most) valuable customers?
We have  developed  market-leading  dynamic  customer  segmentation  models  that help  us to pinpoint  customers  most  likely
to purchase  property,  or engage  in spending,  and their  preferences.  This provides  a whole  new level  of insight  to the business,
from determining which segments or shopping missions to target, to the ability to quantify the value of those segments
and opportunities.
What do customers value the most in the current or potential value proposition?
Our ‘Elements  of Value’  tool provides  data  and understanding  of what  drives  relative  value  for customers.  The tool captures
rational factors such as accessibility and convenience, as well as emotional factors such as achievement and control. We
can now apply this critical data when developing strategies to improve or enhance the overall value proposition.
What are the most important parts of the customer journey or experience?
The third  aspect  of our C-Life  core  infrastructure  is the ability  to map  the journey  from  a customer's  perspective  and translate
that experience  at critical  points  into commercial  value  gained  or lost,  based  on movements  in the journey.  This functionality
links  traditional  journey  mapping  with  advanced  predictive  value  driver  models  that blend  both  survey  and behavioural  data.
We are currently embedding the C-Life methodology across the business. C-Life is a natural partner to our existing D-Life2
framework and represents a significant  lift in our capability to place customer insights and experience at the centre of
our strategy.
1How  do we manage  and protect  customer  data?  Stockland  only  shares  appropriately  collected  encrypted  customer  data  with  our third-party  information  technology  services  agency,
Greater  Data,  for the purposes  of data  analytics.  Encrypted  segment  files are shared  back  with  Stockland  via secure  file share  and housed  in a data  lake  to which  only  limited  members
of Stockland's  Customer  Insights  team  have  access.  We have  a contract  in place  with  Greater  Data  that  adheres  to privacy  legislation.  Importantly,  no Personal  Protected  Information
data is stored in the data lake.
2D-Life  is Stockland’s  project  development  life cycle,  which  outlines  the key steps,  forms  and approvals  required  for any asset.  In FY20  the Customer  Insights  team  has worked  closely
with business development, acquisition and development teams to ensure customer insights are represented and utilised early in the development process, ensuring our assets
deliver to customer needs.
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
OUR VIRTUAL CUSTOMER JOURNEY
The value of community living has never been more
apparent. During the COVID-19 pandemic, people have
reclaimed surrounding green space and are seeking more
comfort and versatility at home.
To capture this demand we accelerated our digital
capabilities to deliver safe, efficient  and customised
experiences for our customers available anytime.
During the year we launched our 360 degree virtual
skytours experience for our top residential projects
providing customers with an interactive view of our
masterplanned communities. Our choose-your-own tours
fly above our communities so customers can discover
parks, schools, shopping and transport and explore the
future plans for the community.
Customers can further immerse themselves in the
experience by stepping into virtual display villages and
video walk-throughs. The experience is then enhanced
by providing detailed house and land pricing and builder
availability at the click of a button.To provide a safe buying experience we offer  one-on-one,
private sales experiences. Appointments can be made on
the website, via our social media channels and enquiries
receive quick responses with our Live Chat manned by
sales professionals.
Our end-to-end virtual sales process also includes digital
contract signing by appointment and the ability to
proceed with a deposit. With a focus on continually
improving our customers' experience, contracts have
been simplified,  project process tracking improved and
we offer  contactless pre-settlement inspections including
personalised lot tours.
Explore our Highlands masterplanned community
in Victoria.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Customer engagement
Stockland Exchange
Stockland  Exchange  is our own  online  research  community  made  up of shoppers,  residents  and prospective  residents  across
both our residential and retirement living communities. The research community has over 5,800 members aged from 18 to
over 90.
In FY20  Stockland  has undertaken  circa  40 research  projects  via Stockland  Exchange  and gathered  over  9,000  responses  on
a range of initiatives. During the year Stockland Exchange has also hosted eight different  discussion forums and collected
over 2,000 responses, allowing for rich, deep and meaningful insights at a fraction of the cost compared with outsourcing
to an agency.
We have used community feedback to help us:
•inform Retirement Living value proposition and overarching strategy;•evaluate communication concepts across business units;•evaluate and identify optimal positioning and name for various residential assets;•inform our retail place-making strategy;•identify gaps and opportunities to better meet shopper needs; and•inform our food catering strategy across a number of centres.
Another key achievement in FY20 was the launch of the Stockland Exchange Member Hub. The new Stockland Exchange
Member  Hub platform  allows  us to share  key insights  directly  back  to our members,  in particular  key findings  from  a number
of our online discussion forums. This helps members to understand the value of their feedback, but equally importantly, it
allows fellow members to get to know each other in the community.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, when many traditional qualitative research practices have come to a halt, Stockland
Exchange allows the business to continuously gather insights from our customers in a safe manner via online forums and
discussion panels.
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Accelerating Innovation
During FY20 we delivered ~2% of FFO through 39 innovation initiatives across the business.
LAB-52, Stockland’s internal innovation capability, takes a customer-centric approach to innovation. Every new initiative
is deeply rooted in customer insight, understanding of customer jobs to be done1, and known pain points. By correctly
addressing  these  jobs  and pain  points  through  innovation  initiatives,  we are able  to create  great  customer  experiences  and
value  for Stockland.  Some  of our key achievements  during  FY20  include  the Stockland  Accelerator,  multiple  innovation  pilots,
and a record number of entries in the Chairman’s Award for Innovation.
Stockland Accelerator
The Stockland  Accelerator  culminated  with  an Investor  Showcase  in Sydney  where  10 start-ups  pitched  to over  100 potential
investors, partners and customers. Three of the PropTech start-ups built during the Accelerator piloted their solutions at
Stockland’s residential and commercial assets.
•Paper Plain, an online platform that enables community members to self-organise and jump start community building,
launched an initial six-month pilot at Elara (NSW) in September 2019.•Rental Heroes, an AI-powered chatbot that makes logging facility and maintenance requests more efficient,  ran an
eight-week pilot at Wetherill Park (NSW).•IMBY,  an online  database  that allows  users  to search,  monitor,  analyse  and be notified  of changes  in the built  environment,
conducted a six-month pilot with Stockland users from our Planning and Development teams.
The delivery  of these  pilots  allowed  Stockland  to gather  additional  customer  insights  and learnings,  which  have  been  shared
across the business.
Innovation Pilots
Pilots are an essential part of the innovation process as we apply a customer-centric ‘Test and Learn’ approach to each
initiative. The pilot process, combined with customer feedback, allows us to systematically measure impact and iterate
on possible solutions, and gives us conviction to scale across the business when applicable. In FY20, seven pilots were
launched in residential and retirement living communities, six in retail, and five across employee experience and business
operations. Several of these pilots aim to respond to changing customer needs and behaviours and in turn improve the
customer experience:
•An online defect management portal that enables customers to report defects and upload photos is currently being
piloted at residential projects at Sway and Bokarina Beach (Sunshine Coast). This customer-centric approach to logging
defects allows customers to quickly and easily log defects at their convenience.•An AI-powered Stockland Gift Finder, piloted over the Christmas holiday in 2019, generates a list of suitable gift options
from Stockland retailers based on the gift recipient’s profile.•A pilot using Natural Language Processing on Big Data has been launched in order to better understand customer
sentiment  and behaviour  on social  media,  enabling  Stockland  to be proactive  in understanding  our customers  and staying
ahead of our competitors.
Chairman’s Award for Innovation
The Chairman’s  Award  received  a record  number  of entries  in FY20,  showing  that innovation  is thriving  across  the business.
Many of the entries were customer experience driven. The overall winner, Cheapest Display Village Stockland’s Ever
Built , focused on the end-to-end customer experience when designing and delivering a mobile-friendly digital equivalent
of Stockland’s physical display villages, which better connects customers to Stockland’s land and community value
proposition. Another finalist,  People’s Choice Awards , was born out of the Value of Customer Experience sessions we held
nationally. These sessions focused on the need to better understand the house building process of the customer journey.
People’s Choice  was designed to make choosing a builder easier for all national residential land customers.
1Jobs to be done is a framework used for defining,  categorizing, capturing and organising customer needs in one place that helps us understand why a consumer would adopt an
innovation. The focus is on understanding the customers’ motivations and the jobs they want to accomplish and in turn designing a resilient product or service that changes and
adapts as customer jobs evolve.
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
BUILDING CONFIDENCE THROUGH OUR PEOPLE'S CHOICE AWARDS
Buying land and building a new home is an exciting,
fulfilling  and yet daunting proposition. There are hundreds
of decisions, big and small, to make along a journey
that spans land registration, financing  and building. At
Stockland  we wanted  to make  this decision-making  process
a little easier for our customers. We started to look at
ways we could capture the insights and experiences of our
current residents and share these with our prospective
customers, empowering them with helpful and reassuring
information. Our initial focus was on helping customers
choose a builder.
Applying  behavioural  economics  to uncover  the key drivers
of an excellent experience, we developed an idea called
the People’s Choice  award. During their build, residents
are surveyed and asked to rate their overall experience
with their builder and the top five scoring builders in
each state are presented the People’s Choice award.
The People’s Choice logo is then added to the House &
Land packages, indicating which builders have earned the
award.  Prospective  residents  have  clearly  found  this helpful
– those  pages  with  the People’s  Choice  logo  generate  three
times  as many  conversions  to enquiry  than  pages  without  it.Importantly, feedback from our valuable builder partners
has also been positive. The winners are thrilled and
are using the People’s Choice award logo in their own
marketing material. We have shared our insights into the
key drivers of an excellent experience with our builder
partners and look forward to working together to deliver
better experiences for our mutual customers.
We are currently  investigating  other  opportunities  to apply
this data science-driven approach across Stockland. With
a national scale and multiple partners, Stockland receives
valuable  and insightful  feedback  from  a myriad  of channels
and stakeholders; gathering data from customers and
using it to help others has powerful potential.
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
9 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Customer satisfaction
Commercial Property
Retail tenant satisfaction
Our FY20  retail  tenant  satisfaction  score  was 80 per cent,  three  percentage  points  above  our 77 per cent  target.  As reported
in prior years, we have adopted a new, simpler methodology to calculate a new weighted metric.
Performance on new retailer satisfaction target
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Weighted retail tenant satisfaction score (revised) 80% 82.5% 72.5% 75% 77.5%
Our retail tenant satisfaction target for FY21 has been lowered to 75 per cent given there are various elements influencing
retailer  satisfaction  that are outside  Stockland’s  control.  We also believe  it will take  the retail  industry  time  to recover  from
the impact of COVID-19.
Retail shopper satisfaction
We have been measuring shopper satisfaction across our largest 10 retail town centres since mid-2016, and expanded the
research to now cover 26 of our centres. This research collects shopper assessments each quarter on a range of different
metrics including satisfaction and centre performance. The research is conducted by Monash University and results are
benchmarked  against  an industry  average.  Each  year  the centres  represented  in this research  will vary  slightly  as some  assets
are sold or redeveloped and hence taken out of scope.
Across the centres covered by our research, we achieved a shopper satisfaction target of 80 per cent in FY20, and have set
a target to maintain a score of 80 per cent in FY21. 
Shopper satisfaction metrics
FY20 FY19 FY18
Shopper satisfaction across the Stockland portfolio180% 80% 76%
Weighted Industry Average (reflective  of Stockland’s main centre type) as measured by Monash 83% 82% 77%
1 Based on percentage rating satisfaction as 6-10 out of 10.
Workplace and Logistics tenant satisfaction
In light  of COVID-19,  Stockland  made  the decision  to postpone  the annual  Workplace  and Logistics  tenant  satisfaction  survey
(typically  launched  in March  of the financial  year).  This was a conscious  decision  made  by business  stakeholders  in response
to various  office/business  closures  as a result  of the pandemic.  We will resume  the annual  tenant  satisfaction  survey  in FY21.
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Logistics tenant satisfaction N/A 85% 89% 89% 87%
Workplace tenant satisfaction N/A 81% 88% NA NA
Combined Workplace and Logistics tenant satisfaction N/A 83% 89% NA NA
10 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Communities
Residential
Customer Satisfaction (Residential leads and opportunities)
Our Key Performance Indicator (KPI) for prospective resident satisfaction consists of a weighted average of three metrics
that drive customer engagement and conversion:
•satisfaction with overall experience of dealing with Stockland•likelihood of recommending Stockland•sentiment on the effort  required when engaging with Stockland through the process.
In FY20 our prospective resident satisfaction score fell slightly below our target, largely due to the volume of leads and
challenging market conditions.
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17
Weighted customer satisfaction score181% 88% 82% 76%
1 Calculated based on total volume of surveys (historically 70% being from Leads and 30% from Deposits).
We have made a number of customer-focused enhancements during FY20, including establishing national guidelines for
defining  accurate settlement timing expectations (in response to frustrations regarding settlement delays), establishing
key performance indicators for our development teams to deliver projects on time, and increasing the frequency and
personalisation of our customer communications.
Liveability
Our liveability  research  has shaped  our customer  engagement  activities  since  its inception  in 2011.  In FY20  we received  almost
2,000 responses across 18 residential communities that took part in the annual proprietary Liveability Index survey.1 This
research  tells  us how  satisfied  our residents  are once  they  have  moved  into our residential  communities,  what  we are doing
well,  and learnings  that we can take  forward  for future  developments.  Insights  from  this research  are used  to inform  strategic
planning of each community and our national community design guidelines. For further information on how we use this
insight to inform community development, please refer to the Community Deep Dive.
In FY20 we scored 74 per cent on our new Liveability Index modelling, which is calculated using regression modelling.
This is marginally below the target of 75 per cent due to the removal of a number of high-performing and well-established
communities and the inclusion of new/developing communities (8/18 communities in scope are in the early/mid stages
of development). We know from analysis that there is a strong positive correlation between the Liveability Index and
established/further developed communities. It is important to note that satisfaction scores remain high in terms of
absolute score.
Our FY20 liveability research identified  ‘access to amenity’ (such as access to retail, recreational or transport services) and
‘public spaces’ as potential areas for improvement at a community level. While we maintain that these scores are linked to
a number of our communities being in the early stages of development, we are looking at opportunities to provide pop-up
amenity and greater promotion of surrounding/existing amenity to alleviate resident concerns.
In FY20 Stockland initiated a pilot study inviting residents from completed communities to take part in the Liveability Index
survey to ascertain the long-term impact of the Stockland brand on the Liveability Index. This is an initiative Stockland
plans to revisit in coming years, and learnings from this pilot indicate a different  methodology needs to be implemented to
maximise participation amongst completed communities and hence yield robust results.
1We targeted and received sufficient  responses from 18 communities to look at these results in depth.
11 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
The below table provides historical Liveability Index adjusted scores and resident satisfaction scores for
comparison purposes.
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Liveability  Index1 score  across  our communities  (results  prior  to FY18  have  been
adjusted to provide comparability)74% 74% 78% 78% 79%
Resident satisfaction across our communities 91% 93% 93% 93% 93%
Resident Personal Wellbeing score as measured using Deakin
University’s methodology 78% 76% 77% 79% 80%
Proportion of residents agreeing that community has met or exceeded
their expectations82% 87% 88% NA NA
1 The Liveability Index is a derived score that measures resident satisfaction on a range of attributes calculated using regression analysis.
Results prior to FY18 have been adjusted to take into account the change in scale and provide comparability guidance.
Retirement Living
Customer satisfaction (Retirement Living leads and reservations)
We have been measuring prospective resident satisfaction amongst our retirement living customers since FY15. We survey
Lead and Reservation customers on their experience and satisfaction with Stockland, and in FY20 we exceeded our
prospective resident satisfaction target of 75 per cent.
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
Prospective resident satisfaction (Leads & Reservations) 78% 72% 73% 79% 68% 71%
Resident satisfaction (Residents Voice)
Our retirement living satisfaction or ‘happiness’ target of 8.25/10 is measured via the Residents Voice program, which is
equivalent to the Residential Liveability research and measures many of the same aspects of resident satisfaction. In FY20:
•11,057 residents were invited to take part in an annual survey to measure satisfaction with various facets of village life•6,659 residents participated in the survey, representing 60% per cent of all residents.
We asked residents to rate how happy they are with the village where they live, and in FY20 we exceeded our target
‘happiness’ score. At 8.57, this is the highest level of resident satisfaction achieved in the last five years. Additional metrics
that provide insights about the experiences of our Retirement Living residents in FY20 include:
•86 per cent of residents agree that Stockland has met/exceeded their expectations;•83 per cent of residents would recommend their village to friends and family (a significant  uplift vs. FY19) and 44% have
done so in the last year;•93 per cent of residents are satisfied  with their homes;•89 per cent of residents are happy with their social life at the village; and•Home and social life in the village remain the biggest drivers of overall satisfaction amongst residents.
FY20 FY19 FY17 FY16 FY15 FY14 FY13
Average overall happiness with their village (out of 10) 8.57 8.56 8.44 8.48 8.48 8.49 8.51
Proportion of residents rating satisfaction as seven or more 92% 91% 90% 90% 90% 90% 90%
Number of residents completing the survey 6,659 6,643 6,813 6,614 5,897 6,668 6,143
Response rate (% of residents responding) 60% 57% 58% 57% 59% 68% 66%
We did not undertake  the Residents  Voice  survey  in FY18  because  our residents  participated  in an industry  survey  in January  2018
and so we decided to shift the timing of our survey until July/August 2018.
12 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Customer Engagement and Experience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Biodiversity
Why this is important to Stockland
We develop new land for housing, including infrastructure
and social amenities, to create sustainable, thriving
communities. Development brings challenges and
opportunities that we manage as we deliver our projects.
In particular, developments on greenfield  sites can
impact local bushland habitat, ecological communities
and protected or significant  species.
As part of our strategy to deliver shared value, we aim
to minimise and mitigate these impacts to protect the
biodiversity of our surrounding environments. We also
understand the inherent value of biodiversity conservation
for protecting the values of Australia’s unique flora
and fauna.
We therefore seek to balance developable land with
retention and activation of biodiversity to enhance the
long-term success of our masterplanned communities.
By proactively minimising and mitigating the impacts on
biodiversity, we are also able to have more productive
conversations at all levels of government on our
development proposals.
We appreciate that preserving biodiversity enhances the
liveability and vitality of our communities over the long
term. Our Liveability Index survey results tell us that our
residential customers value green space and a connection
to nature.
This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website . Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured . The material in this Deep Dive
is supported by a wider collection of performance metrics
contained in our Environmental Data Pack.
This Deep Dive is to be read in conjunction with our
published approach to biodiversity, available as part of our
sustainability  reporting  suite  at Our Management  Approach
to Biodiversity.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Biodiversity Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Delivered activities to rehabilitate and restore
Australian native biodiversity on 165 hectares of land
across our assets in FY20, with plans to restore over
2,000 hectares of natural areas across our projects
currently under development.•Achieved a positive Biodiversity Index Score for our
two masterplanned community projects assessed this
year, with Paradise Waters (Qld) scoring 31.53 and West
Dapto 2 (NSW) scoring 39.45 as a result of biodiversity
protection and conservation mechanisms applied to
each site.
 
Rehabilitated and restored
165ha
across our projects in FY20
Plans to restore
2,000ha
of natural areas across current projects
FY20 targets and progress
Optimise and Innovate
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Make a net
positive
contribution to
biodiversity
valueAll new eligible masterplanned
residential communities to make
an aggregated net positive
contribution to biodiversity
value1in FY20.Achieved a positive Biodiversity
Index Score in the two projects
assessed during FY20 - Paradise
Waters (Qld) (31.53) and West
Dapto 2 (NSW) (39.45).Achieved Maintain a net positive
contribution to biodiversity
value as determined by
the biodiversity calculator
for all new masterplanned
residential communities. 
Review our biodiversity calculator
and methodology to ensure it
continues to provide best practice
assessment of our biodiversity
project outcomes.
Continue to work with local
conservation groups, local, state
and federal governments, and
biodiversity experts to identify
best practice design, restoration
and engagement approaches on
our project sites.
1 Contribution to biodiversity value as determined by the biodiversity calculator’s Biodiversity Index Score (Good score >1; Moderate score 0-1; Poor score <0).
 
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Biodiversity Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance and case studies
Our biodiversity management is guided by site
investigations and assessments undertaken by
experienced ecologists throughout the process of
masterplanning. Proposed conservation initiatives and
actions are reviewed and approved by local or state
regulatory authority. As a result of planning approvals,
during FY20 we were actively protecting biodiversity
at 23 of our masterplanned communities at various
stages of development. Many of the areas identified  for
protection include species that are considered threatened
or vulnerable.1 Upon completion of these masterplanned
communities, we will have placed approximately 2,735
hectares of land into protection for the purposes
of biodiversity conservation, including rezoning for
environmental protection, placing land into public
ownership, and offsetting.
Our FY20 target was to make a net positive contribution
to biodiversity value across our residential developments,
as measured by our biodiversity calculator. A positive
contribution means that, on balance, the net outcome
will be beneficial  to ongoing conservation of species
and ecological communities through a range of planning,
design  and management  initiatives.  Common  conservation
initiatives include protection, offsetting,  restoration
and replanting.
During FY20 West Dapto 2 (NSW) and Paradise Waters
(Qld) were assessed using the biodiversity calculator.
West Dapto 2 achieved a positive Biodiversity Index result
with a score of 39.45. The West Dapto 2 project site
includes Illawarra Lowlands Grassy Woodland and Sub-
tropical Rainforest native habitats. As a result of planning
approvals, the project will set aside approximately 26
hectares of significant  biodiversity on site and a further 31
hectares offsite  through biodiversity offset  protection. The
on site and offsite  protection  has been  provided  to offset  the
impact  of disturbance  on site to approximately  5.5 hectares
of existing native bushland. Paradise Waters achieved a
positive biodiversity value contribution score of 31.53. As
a result of planning approvals, the project will protect 113
hectares  on site and 88 hectares  offsite  as significant  koala
habitat, which will be restored over the life of the project.We have assessed 10 projects since 2015 and 100 per
cent have achieved a positive result as determined by
our biodiversity calculator. A full list of projects scored
by our biodiversity calculator since FY15 is provided in
our Environmental Data Pack . More information on the
methods  behind  our biodiversity  calculator  can be found  in
Our Management Approach to Biodiversity .
Biodiversity
conservation activities
We delivered 165 hectares of rehabilitation works during
the year. Rehabilitation activities help support the
longevity  and resilience  of significant  biodiversity  identified
on our sites and are generally undertaken by specialist
contractors as part of our biodiversity commitments for
our projects.
Rehabilitation works were carried out across 10 projects
ranging from small 0.27 hectares works at Brooks Reach,
West Dapto, south of Sydney, to 65 hectares rehabilitation
works  at Highland  Reserve  in South  East  Queensland.  Land
where rehabilitation works have been completed will be
protected in perpetuity through a range of mechanisms
depending on the local planning system requirements and
management  regime  specifications.  For example,  at Brooks
Reach we will protect Thin Leaved Stringybark Grassy
Woodland on site as well as land offsite  agreed to under
the NSW Government Biobanking Policy (now Biodiversity
Offsets  Scheme)2. Similarly, we will be establishing a
Biobank site at The Gables, our newly acquired project
at Box Hill (NSW). The Biobank will be managed by a
trust established specifically  for the purpose of managing
the Biobank land. Once we complete rehabilitation works
across our projects currently under development, we will
have restored over 2,000 hectares of natural areas.
1A total of 61 species or ecological communities on our development sites are considered threatened under Australian State and/or Commonwealth legislation. Of these species,
18 are included under various threatened species categories on the IUCN Red List.
2Biobanking (renamed the Biodiversity Offsets  Scheme) enables 'biodiversity credits' to be generated by landowners and developers who commit to enhancing and protecting
biodiversity values on their land.
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Biodiversity Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
We actively engage local community groups in our
biodiversity activities to enhance the extent of our impact
and to educate local communities on biodiversity values.
Community  groups  help  to define  the value  and biodiversity
management activities planned for rehabilitation. At our
Cloverton project in Melbourne, protection of biodiversity
is governed by a biodiversity strategy established for
the revised Melbourne Urban Growth Boundary. The
strategy’s purpose is to protect nationally threatened
species including the Growling Grass Frog, Golden Sun
Moth, Matted Flax Lily and the Striped Legless Lizard.
Governance  and management  decisions  for the 91 hectares
of land to be rehabilitated along Merri Creek involve key
stakeholders including Wurundjeri Woi Wurrung Cultural
Heritage  Aboriginal  Corporation,  Hume  and Whittlesea  City
Councils, Mitchell Shire Council, Merri Creek Management
Committee, Bicycle Network Victoria, local land owners
and state government authorities. We continue to work
with  these  stakeholders  to restore  and protect  the corridor.
Other project-specific  examples of our conservation
activities in FY20 include:
•Rehabilitated 17.5 hectares of Native Grassland habitat
for a number of nationally threatened species including
the Golden Sun Moth, which has been transferred
to the state government and is now under ongoing
management by Parks Victoria, including Dohertys
Creek and Cropleys Creek.•Continued to support ongoing management and
monitoring of the translocation of Grand Spider Orchids
from within the development boundary at Calleya (WA)
to an area of public land with a large population of the
orchids, where they can be conserved in perpetuity.•Continued to work with our Aura (Qld) community
reference panel, managed by Healthy Land and Water.
The panel includes 18 local community and government
stakeholder groups who review issues and progress
relating to natural areas and biodiversity conservation.•Delivered rehabilitation works across five hectares at
our Willowdale (NSW) project. Across our Western
Sydney projects, Willowdale and Elara, we will
ultimately deliver 59 hectares of parkland, which
will integrate wetlands, rehabilitated areas containing
endangered ecological communities, and riparian
corridors. Picnic areas, play areas, walking paths,
native food trails and bird watching facilities have been
delivered since the commencement of these projects.•Continued the rehabilitation of 91 hectares of riparian
land adjacent to the Coomera River prone to river
disturbance and erosion at our Foreshore (Qld) project.
Once  rehabilitation  works  are complete,  we will hand  the
land over to the council and the state government for
ongoing management.•Continued the restoration of an environmental corridor
at Newport (Qld) with the aim of protecting the
Ramsar-listed wetlands adjacent to the site, including
planting over 100,000 trees and ongoing water quality
monitoring through the life of project construction.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Biodiversity Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
THE BENEFITS OF GREEN SPACE
The role of parks, playgrounds and natural areas is
becoming  increasingly  important  in our cities  and suburbs.
We know through our Liveability Index survey of our
communities that the proximity and quality of local parks
and natural environments are key drivers of liveability,
particularly in more populated cities of Sydney and
Melbourne. Since the COVID-19 lockdowns in early 2020,
as people have increasingly ventured out in their local
areas for physical exercise and perhaps more importantly,
their mental wellbeing, the significance  of green spaces
has increased.
Across our two major projects in western Sydney,
Willowdale in the South West and Elara in the North West,
we will be creating  close  to 60 hectares  of parklands,  twice
the size of Sydney’s  Royal  Botanic  Garden.  Both  projects  will
feature picnic areas, open park areas and a combined 12
kilometres of walking trails with a variety of environments
to experience  along  the way,  including  native  food  trails  and
bird watching facilities.Project Director, Patrick Noble, said, “Creating spaces for
our residents to get out and explore nature is not only
important  to the lifestyle  and wellbeing  of our residents  but
also fosters pockets of biodiversity in Greater Sydney.”
Over  1.1 million  plants  will be planted  across  both  projects,
building on the existing natural areas and protecting
and enhancing endangered riparian forests and the
Cumberland Plain Woodland ecological community. As
at August 2020 we have completed close to 50% of
the planting. The application of Water Sensitive Urban
Design principles within both communities will filter
rainwater  runoff  and protect  and enhance  wetland  habitat.
Ongoing conservation activities such as weed removal and
formalisation of walking trails will continue to improve the
role of these parkland corridors for biodiversity habitat,
and will support migration opportunities for native plant
and animal species across Sydney’s west.
Across all our projects we have set ourselves a target
to achieve a net positive outcome for biodiversity
measured using our biodiversity masterplan calculator.
The calculator is broadly based on the biodiversity
calculators used by the GBCA to support their Green
Star tools, and has been adapted by our consultants,
Eco Logical Australia, to ensure relevance for large
masterplanned communities.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Biodiversity Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Carbon and Energy
Why this is important to Stockland
We have a long-standing commitment to improve our
energy efficiency,  reduce our carbon emissions and
manage our climate change risk. We recognise our role
to influence  the energy efficiency  of our assets, and have
taken  a proactive  approach  to developing  energy  efficiency
programs and implementing action plans over a number
of years.
The increasing  cost  of energy,  particularly  electricity,  poses
a challenge  for the property  industry  and for all Australians.
As electricity is an increasing proportion of our assets’
operating expenditure, improvements in energy efficiency
enable us to reduce cost and improve our operational
efficiency.  Integrating  energy  efficiency  considerations  into
the design and construction of our assets can also help to
reduce the energy requirements (and electricity costs) of
our tenants and residents.
The increasing cost of power also means that renewable
energy options such as solar have become cost-effective
choices for our energy supply. The declining cost of solar
infrastructure works in tandem with the increasing cost
of conventional energy combine to make solar a sound
business investment. We look to design and technology
innovation and access to alternative energy supplies
to help us and our customers realise a cost efficient,
low-carbon future. Improving the energy efficiency  and
encouraging  the long-term  electrification  of our assets  and
communities not only improves environmental outcomes,
but also provides cost-of-living benefits  and economic
advantages for our business.
This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website . Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured . The material in this Deep Dive
is supported by a wider collection of performance metrics
contained in our Environmental Data Pack.
This Deep  Dive  is to be read  in conjunction  with  our published
approach to carbon and energy, available as part of our
sustainability  reporting  suite  at Our Management  Approach
to Carbon and Energy .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Partnered  with  the Clean  Energy  Finance  Corporation  on
a $75 million senior debt facility to help deliver on our
2030 Net Zero Commitment for our Retirement Living
and Industrial portfolio and Corporate Head Offices,
based on the World Green Building Council Net Zero
Carbon Buildings Commitment.•Recognised as a global leader in disclosure and action
on climate change, achieving a place on CDP’s Climate
A-List for the fourth year in a row (the only Australian
company to have achieved this status).•Achieved a 32% reduction in emissions intensity across
Commercial Property against a FY17 baseline.•Achieved more than $123 million savings from energy
efficiency  initiatives since FY06.•Completed a further 2.3MW of solar capacity in FY20
at Yennora (NSW), Gladstone (Qld), Toll Drive Altona
(Vic), Truganina (Vic) and Baringa (Qld), bringing
our total portfolio solar capacity to 18MW and
expected generation capacity of approximately 24GWh
in renewable energy annually. This takes our total
investment in renewables to over $33 million.•Exceeded our residential energy performance design
target of 10% reduction in carbon emissions against
compliance standards, achieving a 46% reduction.•Exceeded our retirement living energy performance
design target of 10% reduction in carbon emissions
against compliance standards, achieving a 12%
reduction at Newport (Qld) and a 31% reduction at
Shine (Qld).•Achieved  a 4 star Green  Star Design  & As Built  rating  v1.1
at Newport and Shine Birtinya.•Achieved a 5 star Green Star Design & As Built v1.1 rating
for our Stockland Birtinya (Qld) retail town centre.•Achieved a 6 star Green Star Interiors v1.2 rating for our
Brisbane Corporate Head Office  fitout.•Delivered a certified  Zero Net Carbon Home in
partnership with Creation Homes at our Orion
project, as part of a pilot project with Sustainability
Victoria. The home is designed to produce enough
renewable energy to offset  the annual greenhouse
gas emissions of its estimated energy use and
was certified  using Sustainability Victoria’s As Built
verification  methodology.•Installed renewable energy systems at 42 homes at
Highlands  (Vic),  with  plans  for up to 10 of these  homes  to
achieve Climate Active carbon neutral certification.•Awarded re-certification  of a 6 star Green Star
Communities rating for Aura (Qld), maintaining
our position as the highest-rated masterplanned
community in Australia.
Savings from energy efficiency
>$123m
initiatives since FY06
Reduction in emissions intensity
32%
in Commercial Property against FY17 baseline
Powered by solar energy
36.6%
of our Retail Town Centres
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 targets and progress
Commercial Property
Optimise and innovate
Objective Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Reduce
emissions and
improve climate
change resilience
within our
portfolioAchieve net zero carbon by
2030 for our Industrial portfolio
and Corporate Head Offices
based on the World Green
Building Council Net Zero Carbon
Buildings CommitmentProcured a Green Power contract
for the supply of electricity to our
new Melbourne Corporate Office.In progress Deliver our first net zero
carbon building in a new
project with the construction
of the first stage of our
M_Park  workplace  development  in
Macquarie Park, Sydney.
Deliver a net zero target in
operation at our Melbourne
Corporate Office,  including a
Green Star Interiors rating and
WELL rating for the tenancy.
Achieve a 60 per cent carbon
intensity reduction target for
Retail Town Centre, Workplace
and Business Parks assets by FY25
against the FY06 baselineAchieved a carbon intensity
reduction of 64.6 per cent against
the FY06 baseline for the Retail
Town Centre, Workplace and
Business Parks portfolio.Achieved Continue to work towards further
improving carbon reduction
intensity target for Retail Town
Centre, Workplace and Business
Parks assets by FY25 against the
FY06 baseline.
Reduce carbon intensity in our
Retail Town Centre portfolio by
10 per cent by FY20 against the
FY17 benchmarkAchieved a carbon intensity
reduction of 38 per cent against
the FY17 benchmark for our Retail
Town Centre portfolio.Achieved Maintain carbon intensity in our
Retail  Town  Centre  portfolio  at the
FY20 baseline.
Reduce carbon intensity in our
Workplace portfolio by five
per cent by FY20 against the
FY17 benchmarkExceeded our five per cent
carbon intensity reduction target,
achieving a 13 per cent reduction
against the FY17 benchmark.Achieved Maintain carbon intensity in our
Workplace and Business Parks
portfolio at the FY20 baseline.
Achieve  a 4.5 stars  NABERS  Energy
portfolio average for our Retail
Town Centre portfolio by FY20Exceeded NABERS Energy target,
achieving a portfolio average
rating of 4.72 stars.Achieved Maintain an average NABERS
Energy portfolio rating for our
Retail  Town  Centre  portfolio  at the
FY20 baseline.
Achieve a 5 stars NABERS
Energy portfolio average for our
Workplace and Business Parks
portfolio by FY20Achieved a NABERS Energy
portfolio average rating of
4.82 stars.
Target was not achieved due to
lower than expected occupancy
in a number of assets, and
the divestment of some higher
performing assets.Not achieved Maintain an average NABERS
Energy portfolio rating for our
Workplace and Business Parks
portfolio at the FY20 baseline.
Invest in
alternative
energy supplies
to reduce our
emissionsContinue to install electric vehicle
charging  stations  across  our Retail
Town Centre portfolioInstalled a new ChargePoint dual
charger at Stockland Forster
(NSW) and three additional Tesla
destination chargers at Stockland
Balgowlah (NSW).Achieved Continue to install electric vehicle
charging  stations  across  our Retail
Town Centre portfolio.
Install a further 1.9 MW of solar
photovoltaic capacity across two
retail town centres (Gladstone
and Baringa) and one logistics
(Yennora)  asset  by the end of FY20Completed a further 2.3MW of
solar capacity in FY20 at Yennora
(NSW), Gladstone (Qld), Toll
Drive Altona (NSW), Truganina
(Vic) and Baringa (Qld) bringing
our total portfolio solar capacity
to 18MW with the capacity to
generate approximately 24GWh in
renewable energy annually.Achieved Continue to invest in renewable
energy as opportunities arise
in our operating assets and
development projects.
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Communities
Residential
Optimise and innovate
Objective Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Reduce
emissions and
improve climate
change resilience
within our
portfolioExceed relevant minimum energy-
related performance design
compliance standards by 10
per cent within our residential
communities in FY20.Exceeded our residential energy
performance design target of 10%
reduction in carbon emissions
against compliance standards,
achieving a 46% reduction within
our residential communities
delivered in FY20.1
Delivered a certified  Zero Net
Carbon Home in partnership with
Creation Homes at our Orion
project, as part of a pilot project
with Sustainability Victoria.Achieved Exceed relevant minimum energy
related compliance standards
by 15 per cent within our
residential communities.
Complete a Life Cycle Assessment
for one residential Townhome
dwelling compared to a code-
compliant home using the
findings  to assist future homes
design development.
Offer  solar and battery packages
to 72 homes within our Highlands
(Vic) project in partnership with
a large industry supplier and
monitor energy performance.Completed 42 installations with
energy performance data being
collected for 30 homes. The
remaining homes did not take up
the offer.Achieved Certify up to 10 Carbon
Neutral homes at Highlands
(Vic) in accordance with the
Climate Active Assessment tool
in partnership with the CEFC
and GBCA.
1 Measured as a percentage reduction in modelled emissions outside of Stockland's Scope 1 and 2 Operational Boundary.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Retirement Living
Optimise and innovate
Objective Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Reduce
emissions and
improve climate
change resilience
within our
portfolioAchieve net zero carbon by 2030
for our Retirement Living portfolio
based  on the World  Green  Building
Council Net Zero Carbon Buildings
Commitment and with support
from the CEFC.Reviewed solar power
opportunities for
Newport RL(Qld).In progress Review net zero energy homes
opportunities within future
Retirement Living developments
or redevelopments, including a
review of solar and battery
systems implementation, building
air tightness and improvements to
the thermal performance of the
residential units.
Exceed relevant minimum energy-
related performance design
compliance standards by 10 per
cent in all new developments.Achieved 4 star Green Star Design
& As Built  certification  for Newport
and Shine Birtinya (Qld).Achieved Exceed relevant minimum energy
related compliance standards
by 10 per cent in all new
developments by targetting 4 star
Green Star Design & As Built.
Continue to roll out solar
installations to meet or exceed
our target of five installations
across  clubhouses  and community
centres in our retirement living
communities in FY20.Completed installations at Bay
Village (SA). Installations in
progress  across  villages  in Victoria
and SA, including Arilla (Vic),
Selandra Rise (Vic), Templestowe
(Vic), Plenty Valley (Vic) and
Highlands (SA).Achieved Continue to roll out an additional
two solar installations across
clubhouses and community
centres in our retirement
living communities including
Newport (Qld).
Formalise solar guidelines and
supporting documentation that
apply to village residents.Created  tender  documentation  for
solar  installations  across  Victorian
Retirement Living villages.In progress Create supporting documentation
for residents.
Implement key recommendations
from our pilot sub-metering and
monitoring program and share
lessons learned.Report completed with
findings  presented to village
operation teams.Achieved Commence the planning of an
energy efficiency  improvements
program across operational
villages as part of the CEFC 2030
Net Zero Commitment.
Transitioning targets for FY21
Due to the business challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, we have delayed the launch of our new 2030
Sustainability Strategy and its associated long-term targets. Our new strategy and next three-year cycle of energy and
carbon targets (FY22-24) will be launched during FY21. Where feasible, we have rolled over our FY20 three-year targets for
an additional year to maintain our focus on sustainable outcomes for our stakeholders. We will also launch our Group Net
Zero Commitment and Pathway Strategy in FY21.
 
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance and case studies
Total greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions: location-based
We reduced our Scope 1 emissions in FY20 primarily due to
decreases  in emissions  associated  with  our Workplace  and
Business Parks and Residential development works. There
was also a decrease  in gas consumed  across  our Retirement
Living Communities and Retail Town Centres portfolio.Our Scope 2 emissions decreased largely due to reduced
gross  energy  consumption  across  our Commercial  Property
assets and the streamlining of data collection in
Communities  enabled  by the transition  to online  contractor
WHS&E reporting, which has reduced the need for
estimation of data.
The table  below  outlines  our Scope  1, 2 and 3 emissions  over
the last five years. For a detailed breakdown of our Scope
1, 2 and 3 emissions please refer to our Environmental
Data Pack.
Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions (tCO2-e)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Stockland group total Scope 1 21,028 24,230 25,453 26,884 35,036
Stockland group total Scope 2 53,751 70,545 82,591 87,860 89,881
Stockland group total Scope 1+2 emissions 74,779 94,775 108,044 114,744 124,917
Total Scope 1 emissions by business unit
The chart below outlines the percentage allocation of
our Scope 1 emissions by business units. Communities
(Residential and Retirement Living) constitutes the largest
proportion of our Scope 1 emissions due to contractor
construction activity during development. 
Residential communities with large construction activities
in FY20 included: Aura (Qld), Newport and Kalina (Qld),
Willowdale and Elara (NSW), Mt Atkinson and Edgebrook
(Vic) and Red Hill (ACT).
24% Commercial Property
72% Residential
3% Retirement Living
0% CorporateTotal Scope 2 emissions by business unit
Commercial Property constitutes our largest proportion
of Scope 2 emissions and remains the focus of our
strategic energy efficiency  initiatives and our investment
in renewable energy generation. Scope 2 emissions
have decreased significantly  due to the increased
implementation of solar power systems across our Retail
Town Centres. 
85% Commercial Property
3% Residential
11% Retirement Living
2% Corporate
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Total greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions: market-based
Stockland  recognises  the introduction  of the market-based
method  defined  by the GHG  Protocol  Scope  2 Guidance.  We
are reporting  using  this method,  in addition  to the location-based method, at the Group level in FY20. Although
Residual Mix Factors (RMF) are yet to be published for the
Australian electricity market, our preliminary calculations
show that the change in reporting basis this year would
have less than a 4% impact (reduction) in gross Group
emissions, and allows for the accounting of carbon credits
that we have sold.
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Stockland group total Scope 1 21,028 24,230 25,453 26,884 35,036
Stockland group total Scope 2 66,498 77,673 78,745 85,754 86,856
Stockland group total Scope 1+2 emissions 87,526 101,903 104,198 112,638 121,892
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Total transmission and production losses (from
purchased electricity, gas, water and fleet  fuel)7,518 10,469 13,216 14,675 14,782
Waste disposal111,494 13,803 14,892 11,990 20,571
Vehicle hire and hire car travel 26 38 64 35 42
Airline travel 1,912 3262 5694 4415 4233
Total Scope 3 emissions 20,950 27,572 33,866 31,115 39,628
1 From FY16 we expanded our boundary to include scope 3 emissions from waste generated at our Commercial Property assets.  
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Commercial Property
NABERS Energy Ratings
Retail
Following the NABERS Energy ratings undertaken in FY20
on our Retail Town Centre portfolio, the area weighted
portfolio average for NABERS Energy has improved to 4.72
stars (4.34 stars in FY19), exceeding our target of 4.5 stars
by FY20 in absolute terms. This year we rated some of our
smaller Retail Town Centres for the first time due to the
introduction  of a new NABERS  methodology  for the rating  of
small retail centres. Therefore, considering changes in the
rated portfolio for FY20, the like-for-like portfolio average
is 4.82 stars.
Ten assets improved their rating in FY20 with 11 out of 26
assets at 5 stars or better and five assets at 6 stars, which
is the highest rating possible. Our investment in solar PV
over  the last five years  is having  a major  upward  influence  on
ratings. We were pleased that our Stockland Birtinya (Qld)
Retail  Town  Centre  has achieved  a first-time  rating  of 6 stars
after its first year following development.
Workplace and Business Parks
In our Workplace and Business Parks portfolio, from 14
assets  rated  in FY20,  one rating  fell and two improved,  with
six out of 14 assets at 5 stars or better. A key improvement
was achieved this year with the Optus Campus (NSW)
earning a 5 star rating. The NABERS Energy area weighted
portfolio average has improved to 4.78 stars (4.64 stars in
FY19)  for our Workplace  portfolio  and 4.84  stars  (4.37  stars
in FY19) for our Business Parks portfolio. Therefore, the
combined portfolio average for Workplace and Business
Parks is 4.82 stars, which is an improvement on the FY19
result of 4.37 stars.
However, we have not achieved our target FY20 portfolio
average of 5 stars in absolute terms. The target was not
achieved due to lower than expected occupancy in a
number of assets and the sale of some higher performing
assets. However, on a like-for-like basis, the portfolioaverage is 4.97 stars. There are no ratings this year for
11-17 Khartoum Road, Macquarie Park (NSW), as this site
is subject to redevelopment, and 350 Wellington Road
Mulgrave (Vic) due to vacancy during refurbishment.
We anticipate an uplift in the next rating period when we
will see the benefits  of major HVAC upgrades at the Optus
Campus (NSW) and Mulgrave Corporate Park (Vic), which
have been completed this year.
More information on our NABERS ratings across our
portfolio is provided in the  Environmental Data Pack .
Green Star
Workplace and Business Parks
During  FY20,  as part  of our involvement  in the development
of the next generation of Green Star rating tools, we had
the opportunity  to participate  in the Green  Building  Council
of Australia’s ‘Future Focus Early Access’ program. Our
participation in this program gave us privileged access to
the new Green Star rating tool for New Buildings, allowing
us to gain  early  insight  into the development  of new credits
as they were taking shape and apply some of these to the
first stage of M_Park, Building A. Our M_Park project in
Macquarie Park in Sydney is targeting a 5 star rating under
the Green Star Design & As Built v1.3 rating tool. These
insights into new credits will position us well for the later
stages of the M_Park development, which will need to be
registered  under  the New  Buildings  tool after  it is launched
later in 2020.
Through our involvement in the Early Access program we
were able to explore the opportunity for a commitment to
net zero  carbon  emissions  for Building  A once  in operation.
The most significant  learning for the project team was
around the requirements for a commitment to net zero
carbon, including the exclusion of gas-fired  plant and
equipment to be fully electric and 100% powered by
renewables.  This major  early  insight  enabled  us to pursue  a
business case to commit to net zero for the project.
More information on our Green Star ratings across our
portfolio is provided in the Environmental Data Pack .
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
EARLY ENERGY EFFICIENCY COMMITMENT DELIVERS LONG-TERM RESULTS
In late 2019  we achieved  a post-development  5 star NABERS
Energy rating for our Stockland Green Hills (NSW) Retail
Town  Centre,  complementing  the centre’s  5 star Green  Star
As Built  rating.  This was a proud  achievement  for the whole
team, a journey that began four years earlier at the time of
contract procurement.
At Stockland we use NABERS ratings to help us set and
achieve energy and carbon targets in our Commercial
Property portfolio. We undertake NABERS ratings annually
for our Workplace and Retail assets, and enter into
Commitment Agreements to achieve high NABERS ratings
in our Workplace developments. NABERS Commitment
Agreements help to bridge the gap between design and
performance  by providing  more  certainty  that a high  rating
will be achieved in operation through good design, energy
modelling,  equipment  specification  and energy  monitoring
and management.
Right  from  the start  our Green  Hills  development  team  had
a strong focus on energy efficiency  in operation. However,
at the time, there was no Commitment Agreement
protocol for Retail developments, only Office.  So, the
Stockland Project Management, Sustainability and Legal
teams worked together to embed clauses equivalent to an
Office  NABERS Commitment Agreement into the Multiplex
contract, ensuring the project delivery team remained
focused and engaged beyond practical completion and
during the defect liability period. We contracted Multiplex
to achieve a 4.5 star NABERS Energy rating, which was
a challenging contractual obligation as they were only
responsible for the development, not the operation of
the centre.For almost two years after project completion, Stockland
and Multiplex along with sub-contractors, the ESD
consultant, and the Independent Commissioning Agent,
continued to collaborate, monitoring monthly energy
performance and tuning operations to optimise efficiency
and occupant comfort. Ultimately the 4.5 Star NABERS
Energy target contractual requirement was exceeded.
With the addition of a 1.8 MW solar installation, one of
the largest rooftop solar systems in the country, and our
sustained focus on energy efficiency,  we were able to
drive down grid energy consumption and peak demand to
outperform  the benchmarks  for Green  Star and NABERS  and
achieve the dual 5 star rating results.
Exceeding our sustainability aspirations on Stockland
Green Hills demonstrates the importance of setting clear
project objectives and targets as well as agreed contract
conditions at the project procurement stage.
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
9 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Energy efficiency
We have actively invested in energy efficiency
improvements across our Commercial Property
developments and operations since we set our first energy
and emissions targets in FY09. Energy is an important
operational expenditure item for our business, and as a
result  we have  adopted  an active  management  approach  to
deliver strong financial  returns whilst reducing our carbon
footprint.  We have  achieved  more  than  $123 million  savings
from energy efficiency  innovations since FY06.
Our energy efficiency  investments made in FY20
are projected to generate total energy savings of
approximately 998,000 kWh annually. These investments
include Building Management System (BMS) upgrades and
retro-commissioning  across  five sites  in our Business  Parks
and Workplace portfolio, which will improve the control
logic  and hence  the efficiency  of the heating,  ventilation  and
air conditioning (HVAC). Of the total energy savings, the
BMS  upgrades  are projected  to save  approximately  146,000
kWh per annum, which equates to approximately four per
cent of the total base building annual consumption. We
are also in the process of a significant  HVAC and services
upgrade at Optus Centre, which will improve the overall
control strategy and efficiency  of the air conditioning
system without compromising on thermal comfort. The
upgrade is expected to take the asset to a 5 stars NABERS
Energy ratingWe continue to pilot innovative technology, including a
new building  analytics  platform  in two shopping  centres  to
help drive air conditioning efficiency,  and the installation
of higher efficiency  EC Fans across two different  shopping
centres.  EC Fans  are more  efficient  compared  to traditional
fan and motor technology as they have integrated variable
speed control capabilities, allowing the fan to match air
flow  requirements, which is especially effective  at part
speeds. The projected annual savings for this initiative
is approximately $7,000. The building analytics platform
continuously analyses large amounts of data, which
then produces improvement opportunities. Since the
implementation  of the building  analytics  platform,  $30,000
worth of opportunities have been identified  with 21% of
these items resolved.
Renewable energy
By the end of FY20 we had installed a further 2.3MW of
solar PV capacity across three logistics assets, including
our largest logistics installation of 770 kW at Yennora
Distribution Centre and two retail centres at Stockland
Gladstone and Stockland Baringa. This takes our total
operational solar PV capacity to 18MW, with an annual
estimated generation of 24GWh, and brings the total
investment in renewable energy to over $33 million.
The table below illustrates the increase in our solar
generation over the past five years.
Renewable energy generated using solar power – Retail
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Solar generation (kWh) 22,246,182 12,958,224 3,274,463 2,387,168 1,940,689
Per cent of Retail Town Centre portfolio
electricity usage36.6% 19.9 5.13.62.8
Solar capacity installed (at period end) (kW) 16,781 16,400 4,360 2,260 1,360
Renewable energy generated using solar power – Logistics
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Solar generation (kWh)160,114 - - - -
Per cent of Logistics portfolio electricity usage 3.9% - - - -
Solar capacity installed (at period end) (kW) 770 - - - -
1 Figures relate to total electricity generation from photovoltaic power within financial  year.
10 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
TAKING ACTION TOWARDS A LOW-CARBON FUTURE
As a real estate owner, manager and developer, we
recognise we can make a valuable contribution towards
a low-carbon future. In December 2019, we partnered
with the Clean Energy Finance Corporation (CEFC) on a
$75 million debt facility to help deliver on our 2030 Net
Zero Commitment for our Retirement Living and Industrial
portfolio, and for our Corporate Head Offices.  This relates
to our World Green Building Council Net Zero Carbon
Buildings Commitment.
This agreement will help Stockland to deliver a series
of renewable energy, energy efficiency  and low-carbon
homes projects, enabling us to continue to innovate and
transform the industry, while continuing to be recognised
as a market leader in sustainability.
One of the key deliverables of the agreement is the
installation of solar across our Logistics and Retirement
Living assets, with the objective of establishing an inter-
asset energy trading platform to enable us to achieve our
2030 net zero commitment.This will enhance our generation capacity, allow us to
offset  our emissions internally and make our assets more
resilient to future shocks and stresses. We have engaged
an external consultant to help us better understand how
we can establish the inter-asset energy trading platform.
We continue to review opportunities to install solar across
our operational assets. These projects not only help with
meeting our CEFC objective, but they also help to promote
low-carbon technology and educate residents and the
community on the environmental and economic benefits
renewables can offer.
Stockland is also collaborating with the CEFC to deliver
low-carbon homes at our Highlands development in
Victoria. Of the 72 homes that were offered  a 5kW solar
PV, battery and inverter system, 42 homes accepted
the offer  and have had their installations completed.
We are aiming for 10 of these homes to achieve the
Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard in partnership
with  the GBCA,  an outcome  made  possible  by our dedicated
project  team,  including  partner  builders  and suppliers  who
continue to challenge the status quo. This industry-first
certification  will set an important precedent for what is
possible for future sustainable homes, not just positively
impacting environmental performance but helping to
ensure  Stockland  creates  healthy,  safe and resilient  homes
for our customers.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
11 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Performance against emissions
reduction targets
We track our greenhouse gas emissions on a per square
metre intensity basis as a means to understand our energy
impacts while taking divestments and investments into
account. Our greenhouse gas emissions intensity has beensteadily decreasing across Commercial Property, and we
will continue to monitor and invest in technology to assist
us in maintaining our FY20 performance as a baseline
into FY21.
The table below outlines our greenhouse gas emissions
intensity data for the last five years.
Commercial Property greenhouse gas emissions intensity (kg CO2-e/m2)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplaces 53.64 61.18 60.41 61.70 64.98
Retail Town Centres 32.66 42.25 49.54 52.92 56.58
Commercial Property 37.09 46.32 52.00 54.93 58.55
In FY20 we reduced our Retail Town Centre portfolio
emissions intensity by 22.7 per cent compared with FY19.
These decreases are attributable to continued energy
monitoring,  and capital  investments  in efficiency  initiatives
such  as installation  of highly  energy-efficient  fans,  heating,
ventilation,  air conditioning  optimisations  and solar  PV. OurWorkplace emissions intensity decreased by 12. compared
with FY19, driven by upgrades and retro-commissioning of
HVAC equipment and new monitoring services.
The table  below  outlines  our Commercial  Property  year-on-
year  emissions  intensity  reductions  over  the last five years.
Commercial Property annual changes in emissions intensity
Annual Intensity Change (%)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks -12.3% 1.0% -2.0% -5.0% -4.0%
Retail Town Centres -22.7% -14.7% -6.0% -6.0% -3.0%
Commercial Property -19.9% -10.9% -5.0% -6.0% -4.0%
We have set emissions reduction targets every three years
in support of our overarching target to reduce emissions
intensity by 60 per cent across our Commercial Property
portfolio  by FY25,  using  the FY06  baseline.  The chart  below
indicates our performance in FY20.Progress toward our FY25 emissions intensity
target (kg CO2-e/m2)
109 10972.0 72.065.0 65.061.5 61.560.7 60.758.6 58.654.9 54.952.0 52.046.3 46.337.1 37.143.6 43.6
Commercial
Property GHG
emissions intensity
(kg CO₂-e/m²)FY06FY12FY13FY14FY15FY16FY17FY18FY19FY20FY25 Target
12 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
TRANSFORMING THE WAY WE WORK WITH SUSTAINABLE DESIGN
It’s a well known  fact that our physical  environment  impacts
our mood and general wellbeing. In the same way, the
interior design of our workplace can directly influence  our
productivity, performance and job satisfaction. This was
the challenge accepted by the team leading our 'Better
Way to Work' employee strategy – how to transform
our Brisbane Corporate head office  from a traditional
cubicle style office  to an open plan fitout  enabling
productivity-based working, better collaboration, and
increased flexibility  for our staff  and visitors.
The retail  centre  themed  'Arcade'  and communities  themed
'Park' were core design principles, representing Stockland
and what we do as a business. We wanted to provide
an environment for our people that would allow them
to collaborate, as well as work in a way that matched
their personal preferences or tasks. We integrated new
indoor  and outdoor  spaces,  community  and open  breakout
spaces, greenery and a central stylised shopfront arcade.
We installed activity-based workstations to enable staff  to
work more flexibly,  with a selection of sit-to-stand desks
and fixed  workstations.
Sustainability was embedded throughout the design,
construction and operation, and a high performing indoor
environment quality was achieved through:
•products with ultra-low VOCs, including paints,
sealants, carpets and furnishings•Good Environmental Choice Australia (GECA) certified
workstations and office  furniture•biophilic design to provide increased connectivity to
the natural  environment,  including  direct  nature  (native
plantings), indirect nature (exposed VJ wood panelling
in keeping with a strong Queensland theme), and space
and place conditions.•plants installed throughout the office  and on external
balconies to provide a natural air filter  of office
airborne contaminants•increased outside air supply to reduce recirculated air,
coupled with CO2 monitoring to modulate ventilation
rates to suit•natural  daylighting  and unimpeded  views  to the outside,
including the large natural green wall covering the side
face of the Brisbane Convention Centre and water views
of the Brisbane River•exposed ceiling and polished concrete floors  to
increase the sense of space and further enhancing
occupant wellbeing•acoustic sound absorbing panelling installed to
open areas to reduce reverberation noise, and high-
performance windows and doors to meeting rooms to
provide  increased  levels  of privacy  and noise  separation.
Our Digital Workplace Strategy, including the transition to
laptops  for all mobile  staff,  and web-based  communication
services, removed the need for individual desk-based
phones. Continuous Wi-Fi coverage throughout the office
and balconies allows staff  to move freely around the office
while they do their work.
Our Brisbane Corporate office  fitout  was awarded a
6 star Green Star Interiors v1.2 rating by the Green
Building Council of Australia, industry recognition of
a design that exemplifies  world leadership. A number
of initiatives attracted Green Star innovation credits,
including contractor education, ultra-low VOC products,
ultra-low levels of construction waste sent to landfill,  and
The Building Occupants Survey System to identify staff
indoor environment satisfaction pre-and post fitout.
We also achieved a NABERS Tenancy Energy Rating
of 4.5 stars year-on-year since occupation, achieved
through the application of energy efficient  appliances
and devices (laptops instead of desktops), as well as
occupant-controlled zoned lighting, including a mixture
of focused and diffuse  lighting matched to the various
working environments.
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
13 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Communities
Residential
As part of our commitment towards energy efficiency,  we
have successfully partnered with Sustainability Victoria to
deliver a number of Zero Net Carbon (ZNC) homes at two
of our residential communities in Victoria. The Zero Net
Carbon Home Pilot Program will see us design, construct
and market  two ZNC  homes  at our Highlands  and Braybrook
Orion communities. The project provides an opportunity
for us to collaborate with two of our volume home builder
partners, VCON Homes (Highlands) and Creation Homes
(Orion), to deliver zero net carbon homes.
The first phase of the program, delivered during FY19,
focused on the development of the ZNC design and
construction methodology required to meet the net zero
target. In FY20 the construction of the home at Orion
was completed. We worked with the project partners to
research home buyer drivers and value propositions. The
research is being used to develop our communication
strategy with potential home buyers to ensure net zero
homes can be competitive in the marketplace over the
long term.
The FY20 energy targets set for our Residential portfolio
focus on the energy and emissions efficiency  of the
residential product that we build (as opposed to product
built by third party builders on land that we sell). These
targets  aim to deliver  a 10 per cent  improvement  on existing
energy  and carbon  compliance  benchmarks  established  by
regulation  within  the states  where  we operate,  and apply  to
our built form Medium Density product.
We measured the performance of our homes constructed
during the year across all our projects. Data was collected
for 556 dwellings  across  eight  projects  nationally,  including
Altrove (NSW), Eastside Highlands, Waterlea and Orion
(Vic), Calleya (WA), and Vida at North Lakes, Sway
at Oceanside and Bokarina Beach (Qld). Overall we
achieved a 46 per cent improvement over compliance
benchmarks,  which  represents  over  2000  tonnes  (CO2)  per
year reduction on carbon emissions compared to homes
constructed to regulation in each state. Our Waterlea
project in Victoria was our best performer with a score
of 96 per cent improvement against code compliance.
Initiatives delivered at Waterlea include an average of 7.4
star NatHERS, 5 star air conditioning systems, LED lighting
throughout,  gas boosted  solar  hot water,  and 3.5kW  of solar
PV per dwelling. Our NSW projects scored the lowest as
a result of the high benchmark established by the BASIX
compliance platform, which requires high performance
baseline energy requirements for home approvals. We will
increase our target from 10% to 15% improvement overlocal building code compliance requirements in FY21 in
recognition of our FY19 and FY20 results.
Some examples of broader energy and carbon reduction
initiatives delivered within our Residential portfolio during
FY20 include:
•Mandated 2.5kW of solar on approximately 700 homes
at Minta Farm (Vic). A Tesla Powerwall II was also
installed at the sales office  to showcase the technology
to customers.•Offered  72 homes on Sustainable Drive in Highlands
(Vic) 5kW solar and 9.3kWh battery packages in FY19
as part of the team’s initiative to help customers make
homes more affordable  and energy efficient.  The solar
and battery packs were installed on 42 homes during
FY20 and energy data collection established for 30 of
these homes.•Installed solar and battery power supply at the sales
office  at Kalina (Qld), enabling the office  to operate
independent of the grid at most times. This set-up
enabled the early establishment of the sales and
information centre. Sales staff  have learned how to
operate the solar and battery system to ensure the
battery  retains  sufficient  charge  to power  the office  early
in the morning before solar panels begin operating.•Installed LED street lighting at Aura, Birtinya
Island and Bokarina Beach (Qld), Calleya (WA) and
Willowdale (NSW).•Mandated Peak Smart air conditioners at Aura on
the Sunshine Coast to help manage local energy
grid reliance.•Delivered connected cycle-ways and footpaths at
Pallara and Aura in Queensland, helping to connect
people and reduce reliance on cars as well as manage
urban heat island impacts.•Established a shade-way at Minta Farm in Victoria to
address heat island impacts by planting established
trees on either side of a shared, three metre path that
runs east to west across the community.•Implemented covenants on homes built within the our
masterplanned communities on the Sunshine Coast
requiring cool roofs to be installed to help manage
energy use in homes and heat island impacts.•Commenced an energy efficiency  comparison of homes
delivered at Elara with code construction homes
delivered at Altrove in Sydney. Blower door testing
and heat mapping reviews have been completed with
embodied carbon modelling in progress.•Achieved  7 star or greater  NatHERS  ratings  on all homes
at our Aura (Sunshine Coast) and our North Shore
(Townsville) display villages in Queensland, and our
next display village at Cloverton in Victoria will look
at incentivising 7 star home construction. Regulation
through the National Construction Code around the
country  generally  refers  to 6 stars  minimum  compliance.
14 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
With an additional star, home owners will see greater
comfort and less reliance on air conditioning, saving
money and reducing energy demand. At North Shore
we provide a handbook to all customers that provides
advice for building a naturally comfortable home
appropriate for Far North Queensland conditions.•Partnered with Blue Tribe Co and NSW Department of
Planning, Industry & Environment (DPIE) to develop
a mass media program to be filmed  and piloted
in FY21. The aim of the program is to mainstream
sustainable housing through targeted communications
to the masterplanned community market. 
Retirement Living
Following on from a series of energy efficiency  audits
completed across the portfolio in FY19, a day and night
operational  performance  audit  was completed  at Patterson
Lakes (Vic) in FY20. Key findings  included:
•opportunities to implement solar power to offset
daytime electricity consumption from common areas;•a review of air conditioning operations and controls
to reduce unnecessary electricity consumption from
common areas due to incorrect temperature set points
and user control settings;•a review of behavioural practices to identify potential
inefficiencies  in using appliances such as laundry
dryers; and•opportunities to transition fuel types from gas to
electric  (where  there  is opportunity  to complement  with
renewable energy and sustainable plant options).
In FY20 Newport Retirement Village (Qld), our newest
vertical (apartment style) retirement village, became
operational with the first residents moving into their new
apartments around September 2019. Newport has beendesigned and certified  to a 4 star Green Star Design & As
Built rating. The village has embedded energy and water
efficient  design principles as well as natural daylight and
ventilation  principles  (for when  ambient  conditions  permit)
for improved occupant health and wellbeing. Newport has
been established as an embedded network and designed
to be solar ready. In FY20 we completed a feasibility
review to determine the solar power generating potential
from the available roof space to reduce grid imported
electricity. This solar power would be used to serve the
village’s common areas, including the clubhouse. This
application of renewable technology aligns with one of our
key CEFC agreement commitments, which is to target a
25% greenhouse gas emission reduction once the village
becomes operational and a solar power system has been
implemented.  For further  information  on Newport,  refer  to
the case study below.
We continued to review our net zero energy opportunities
at Stockland Willowdale Retirement Village (NSW) during
FY20, including delivering a workshop with builders and
suppliers  to create  opportunities  for industry  to support  the
implementation  of energy  efficiency  measures  targeting  net
zero energy outcomes for homes.
In line with our 2030 Net Zero Commitment for our
Retirement Living and Logistics portfolios and Corporate
Head Offices,  we have continued to review opportunities
to implement  solar  power  at a select  number  of retirement
communities  to offset  common  area  power  consumption.  A
number of our villages in Victoria are currently engaged in
reviewing solar opportunities for their community centres,
including at Arilla, Highlands, Selandra Rise, Templestowe
and Plenty Valley. Solar systems have been installed to the
Bay Village community centre and work-shed.
15 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
HIGH PERFORMANCE RETIREMENT LIVING
Opened  in September  2019,  Stockland  Newport  Retirement
Living  (Qld)  joined  Stockland  Shine  Retirement  Village  (Qld)
in achieving  a 4 star Green  Star Design  & As Built  v1.1 rating.
Our Newport  and Shine  retirement  villages  are the first two
retirement living projects in Australia to be certified  using
the Green Star Design & As Built rating tool, demonstrating
our commitment to incorporate best practice sustainable
design across energy, water and innovation, as well as
create highly connected and accessible communities that
enhance liveability.
The Newport coastal-inspired development provides
resort-style living, with all apartments built to Livable
Housing  Australia’s Silver standard to provide assurance
that homes  are easier  to access,  navigate  and live in, as well
more cost effective  to adapt when circumstances change.
The apartments integrate passive design principles such
as natural ventilation and passive heating/cooling, which
actively reduces energy demand while improving comfort
and wellbeing. All electric appliances, including reverse
cycle air conditioning, are energy efficient,  and the site
utilises an embedded electricity network to help residents
save money on their electricity bills. There is also an
efficient  centralised site-wide hot water system and an
air-sourced heat pump for the swimming pool. These
features  have  helped  to achieve  an average  NatHERS  rating
of 8 stars across all apartments.
In keeping with Stockland’s aim to combat water scarcity,
all fixtures  have been hand-picked for their WELS rating,
including shower heads, taps and toilets. In addition, drip
irrigation technology and air conditioning systems based
on waterless  heat  rejection  technology  (no cooling  towers)
help to reduce the site’s water consumption while also
enabling  our residents  to make  savings  on their  water  bills.
Not only are all apartments energy and water efficient,
but they are also healthy and enjoyable spaces in which
to live. All kitchen exhausts discharge externally, helping
remove cooking smells and moisture from the home which
can result in the build-up of mould and lead to adverse
health effects.  We have also specified  low VOC paints and
carpets  to improve  indoor  air quality.  We believe  Newport’s
high-performance apartments provide our residents with
appropriate thermal comfort, positively impacting their
overall health and wellbeing. We know that health and
wellbeing is also enhanced by connection to nature and
to community. Residents report that coastal views and
regular social catch-ups at the community centre are
highlights of the development.
To further raise public awareness around sustainable
living, we created a sustainability-themed video, which
is now hosted on the Stockland Newport Retirement Living
website, and a marketing brochure illustrating the various
initiatives embedded within the village.
For more  information  on high  performance  retirement  living
see the customer testimonial can be found at:
https://youtu.be/QQ34eU2HyqASHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
16 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Climate Resilience
Why this is important to Stockland
Climate change presents risks and opportunities for our
business, and we are committed to identifying, assessing
and managing these to support the resilience of our
business, assets, communities, customers and people.
Climate-related  risks  and opportunities  can be divided  into
two categories:
1. Transition risks – the transition to a low-carbon
economy. We acknowledge that Australia and nearly
200 other nations have agreed to the long term goal
of limiting global warming to below 2°C and pursing
efforts  to limit  it to 1.5°C  above  pre-industrial  levels  (the
Paris Agreement1). This involves a general movement
away from fossil fuel energy and increased deployment
of low/zero carbon energy sources and energy-efficient
technologies. While these changes present risks, they
also create substantial opportunities for organisations
focused on climate change mitigation and adaptation
solutions.  Our Carbon  and Energy  Deep  Dive  reports  on
how we leverage these opportunities through our focus
on energy efficiency  and renewable energy.
2. Physical risks – the physical impacts from changes
to climatic conditions, including extreme events and
gradual changes in climate. These events have the
potential to damage our assets, disrupt operations and
impact the health and wellbeing of our customers and
communities. We are committed to creating climate
resilient  assets  that operate  with  minimal  disruption,  as
well as building strong communities that are equipped
to adapt to climate change risks and opportunities.
At Stockland we recognise there are also climate-related
social  risks  and opportunities,  and so community  resilience
is integrated as part of our broader climate resilience
approach. We have been undertaking community
resilience assessments since FY16. Assessing both climate
and community resilience allows us to continue to plan
for the resilience of buildings and infrastructure as well
as the ability of our employees, customers, residents and
communities to respond to significant  climatic events.This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website . Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards2(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured . The material in this Deep Dive
is supported by a wider collection of performance metrics
contained in our Environmental Data Pack.
This Deep  Dive  is to be read  in conjunction  with  our published
approach to climate resilience, available as part of our
sustainability  reporting  suite  at Our Management  Approach
to Climate Resilience.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The central aim of the Paris Agreement is to strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change by keeping a global temperature rise this century well below 2 degrees
Celsius above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts  to limit the temperature increase even further to 1.5 degrees Celsius (http://bigpicture.unfccc.int/#content-the-paris-
agreemen).
2The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Climate Resilience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Recognised as a global leader in disclosure and action
on climate change, achieving a place on CDP’s Climate
A-List for the fourth year in a row (the only Australian
company to have achieved this status).•Developed  a Group  Resilience  Assessment  Tool  aligning
our climate resilience assessments with the Stockland
Enterprise Risk Framework to ensure climate related
risks are assessed and managed as an integral part of
Stockland’s risk assessment process.•Completed six climate and community resilience
assessments across our Retirement Living (one),
Residential (three) and Retail Town Centre
(two) portfolios.•All Stockland assets located in bushfire  catchment
areas underwent a Bushfire  Preparedness Review in
FY20. Completed 59 Bushfire  Preparedness Reviews
in the lead-up to the 2019/20 bushfire  season,
encompassing effectiveness  of site-specific  bushfire
management plans, physical bushfire  preparedness on
site,  emergency  management,  fire systems  and training.•Completed a Climate Change Adaptation Design
Workshop for our M_Park Stage 1 Workplace
development in Sydney to understand the future
impacts of climate change and deliver a more resilient
building. M_Park will be Stockland’s first 100% electric,
net zero carbon building powered by renewables.•Investigated  the extent  of water  scarcity  across  Australia
to better understand the implications for Stockland’s
property portfolio and our future role in contributing to
water system resilience.
Bushfire  Preparedness Reviews
59
completed in FY20
Global leader in climate disclosure
4th
consecutive year in CDP's Climate A List
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Climate Resilience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 targets and progress
Optimise and Innovate
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Reduce
emissions and
improve climate
change resilience
within our
portfolioGovernance
Migrate completed climate
resilience assessments into new
Group  Resilience  Assessment  Tool
for all business units, updating
results in accordance with new
scoring methodology1.Migrated 62 completed climate
resilience assessments into
Stockland’s new Group Resilience
Assessment Tool. Achieved
Risk Assessments
Undertake new resilience
assessments as required,
including new developments and
high priority assets as per our
national mapping.Completed six climate
and community resilience
assessments across our
Retirement Living (one),
Residential (three) and Retail
Town Centre (two) portfolios.
Undertook Bushfire  Preparedness
Reviews across all Stockland
assets located in bushfire
catchment areas in FY20.Achieved Conduct a climate resilience
assessment on all new retail
town centres, workplace and
logistic assets, masterplanned
residential communities and
retirement living developments,
including acquisitions.
Strategy
Establish climate resilience
targets and priorities for 2021
and beyond.Developing climate resilience
related targets as part of
our 2030 Sustainability Strategy
development. This new strategy
will be launched in FY21.In progress Refresh Stockland's Climate
Change Action Plan in FY21 and
align to TCFD recommendations.
1 The new scoring methodology is materially different  to the old methodology and new assessments are not directly comparable.
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Climate Resilience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance commentary
Over  the past  year  we have  continued  to align  our approach
to climate risk disclosure with the recommendations of
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(Task Force). This is our third year including climate-
related financial  disclosures into our Annual Report ,
acknowledging the importance of climate-related risk
management for our long-term performance.
Transition risk
The global transition to a low-carbon economy as
envisioned by the Paris Agreement and the Task Force
presents risks and opportunities for our business. Carbon
emission regulation, for example, may impact the pricing
of energy required to develop and operate our assets. Our
Carbon and Energy Deep Dive  presents progress in our
energy efficiency  and renewable energy activities, in which
we continue to invest to seize transition opportunities and
minimise transition risks.
Over time we have enhanced our approach to climate-
related transition risk management by incorporating 2°C
scenarios1 into our corporate climate scenario analysis
framework. Our 2°C scenario analysis confirmed  that
our existing commitments to energy efficiency  and
renewable energy are appropriate for leveraging low-
carbon opportunities. It also raised the profile  of risks
associated with land development regulation and climate
risk disclosure. See our Management Approach on Climate
Resilience for more information.
We have also worked with the Green Building Council of
Australia (GBCA) as a strategic supporter of its Carbon
Positive Roadmap for the built environment. The roadmap
establishes  the steps  required  for commercial,  institutional
and government buildings and fitouts  to decarbonise and
contribute to global climate targets.Physical risk
We acknowledge that physical risks associated with
climate change can result in negative financial  impacts,
such  as through  increased  maintenance  costs  or decreased
revenues from disrupted operations. In recognition of
these potential impacts, we are committed to creating
climate resilient assets and communities with a greater
ability to endure severe weather impacts and operate with
minimal disruption.
Our focus for FY20 has been to continue the development
of our Group Resilience Assessment Tool through the
integration of our climate resilience assessments with
the Stockland Enterprise Risk Framework to ensure that
climate related risks are assessed and managed as an
integral part of Stockland’s risk assessment process. This
tool currently  contains  10 years’  worth  of asset  level  climate
risk assessments (over 62 nation-wide assets) which will
be used to better understand Stockland’s vulnerabilities
to climate change. This includes understanding which
assets, business units and geographies have the highest
vulnerabilities, what climate hazards are of most concern
and where (including heat, bushfire  and extreme rainfall),
how assets perform and respond over time to various
climate hazards, and what assets can do to adapt to
the climate risk identified.  This extensive climate risk
data set will inform better decision-making, enabling the
business to evolve its response to both climate risks and
opportunities, now and in the future.
1A 2°C scenario lays out a pathway and an emissions trajectory consistent with limiting the average global temperature increase to a temperature range around 2°C.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Climate Resilience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Bushfire  preparedness
The unprecedented 2019/20 bushfire  season had an
impact on several Stockland assets, triggering a crisis
management response. Whilst six retirement villages and
one shopping centre were temporarily evacuated, no
injuries were sustained by Stockland staff  or residents and
no property damage was sustained.
The risk of bushfires  is an inherent risk to Stockland, with
over 50 properties located in or adjacent to a bushfire
zone. As part of our risk management strategy, annual
Bushfire  Preparedness Reviews have been undertaken
since 2017. These reviews are designed to gauge the level
of bushfire  preparedness across our ‘at risk’ assets. These
assessments encompass various preparedness elements,
including the effectiveness  of site-specific  bushfire
management plans, physical bushfire  preparedness on-
site, emergency management, fire systems and training.
Findings from the 2019 Bushfire  Preparedness Reviews
(conducted  prior  to the bushfire  season)  were  very  positive,
demonstrating  progressive  improvements  in preparedness
since the inception of the program in 2017. This level of
preparedness was also reflected  in our ability to respond
to the emergency situations that later unfolded during the
2019/20 bushfire  season.
Following the 2019/20 bushfires,  several debriefs were
undertaken with the relevant asset teams to identify
improvements to our preparedness and response models.
This has resulted in the further evolution of our Bushfire
Preparedness  Review  program  with  key changes  including:
•Bringing  forward  the timing  of our preparedness  reviews
to August  2020  (previously  October  2020)  to prepare  for
an earlier start to the bushfire  seasons.•Applying a more conservative lens to the assessment
of ‘at risk’ sites. Previously, assessment was based on
bushfire  maps  and bushfire  catchment  classifications  by
either the local Council or relevant State Fire Authority.
We have now added additional considerations e.g. the
proximity  to fuel sources,  impact  of major  road  closures,
likelihood of assets to be used as places of refuge (e.g.
retail centres along arterial highways) as well as recent
bushfire  impact.•Expanding the scope of our preparedness reviews to
include planning for bushfire  smoke and hazardous
air quality. This will include the identification  of staff
employees with respiratory conditions (e.g. asthma),
monitoring of the local air quality index and safety
provisions for outdoor works (e.g. P2 respirators).Lessons learnt have also led to improvements in our
response  plan,  including  changes  to the way the Stockland
Call Centre is briefed on unfolding emergency situations
(particularly after-hours support), improvements to the
process around authorising INS (emergency call system)
messages, consideration of Rural Fire Service emergency
text messaging  systems,  and the management  of residents
refusing to evacuate.
Water system resilience
During FY20 we extended our scenario analysis to better
understand the extent of water scarcity across Australia
and the adaptive capacity of Australian water utilities,
including the resilience of water supply and water
infrastructure.  We will use these  insights  to further  develop
Stockland’s  role in contributing  to water  system  resilience,
along with providing greater focus on key climate hazards
in the future.
Commercial Property
Climate resilience in operations
We reviewed our Commercial Property assets to identify
exposure  to physical  risk using  updated  RCP 8.5 projections
from the IPCC (refer to Our Management Approach to
Climate Resilience for more information on our use of
IPCC RCP scenarios). Our review was used to inform
climate resilience assessments undertaken on two of our
Retail Town Centres, at Riverton and Baldivis in Western
Australia. We developed action plans for each location
using the new climate scenarios to assist in understanding
the future impacts of climate change and the most
appropriate responses to implement to improve resilience
over time.
Climate resilience in developments
We completed a Climate Change Adaptation Design
Workshop for our M_Park Stage 1 Workplace project in
Sydney ahead of the final  design as part of our Green
Star strategy for the development. These assessments are
undertaken as part of our Green Star Design and As Built
rating for each project. The assessment findings  inform
design in new constructions so that our new projects
are not being delivered with inherent vulnerabilities to
future climate impacts. A number of recommendations
have  been  included  in the design  for the project  to address
stormwater drainage for one in 100-year rainfall events
and to utilise soft-scaping, increased tree cover and light-
coloured paving to reduce urban heat island effect.
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Climate Resilience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Community resilience
We completed community resilience assessments at the
same time of completing climate resilience assessments
at two of our Retail Town Centres and the surrounding
community, including Riverton and Baldivis in Western
Australia. The purpose of the assessments was to
understand underlying issues in the local communities
around social cohesion, connectivity and economic
viability, and to identify opportunities to contribute
further to enhancing community resilience through our
community development planning process. Examples of
themes identified  in our FY20 assessments include low
education levels, unemployment, disability and obesity.
The insights and learnings from the assessments are
used to identify community development initiatives with a
focus on education, health and wellbeing and community
connection  (see  our Management  Approach  to Community
and our Community Deep Dive).
Communities
Residential
In FY20 we assessed the climate and community resilience
of three  of our residential  communities:  Minta  (Vic),  Red Hill
(ACT) and West Dapto (NSW). The risk of increased heat
stress was identified  across all three communities, with
recommended actions including the use of more mature
trees,  shade  shelter  structures  and the installation  of solar
PV on dwellings. These communities were prioritised for
assessment because they were either mapped in priority
locations or are new projects. Typical climate related
impacts  on residential  communities  arise  from  potential  for
bushfire,  reduced access resulting from flooding,  changes
in extreme heat conditions and intense rainfall events.
Other residential communities continued to implement
climate resilience initiatives throughout FY20, with our
Elara community delivering phase 3 of a riparian corridor,
including  picnic  shelters,  bicycle  and walking  tracks  as well
as fitness  equipment designed to avoid the heat island
effect,  and at our Newport community, land was raised to
cope with a one in 100-year flood.
We applied our first cool roof covenant to homes in our
Bells Reach (Qld) project in 2012. We have since continued
to apply these covenants at Aura (Qld) on the Sunshine
Coast and North Shore (Qld) in Townsville. We have found
that the benefits  of cool roofs, including improved thermal
performance, reduced heating and cooling costs, and
reduced urban heat island effect,  come at no additional
cost to build. Further, since applying the initiative we
have worked with suppliers to increase the variety of
cool roof options available to the market. We have now
standardised cool roofs with a maximum of 50 per cent
solar absorbency as a covenant requirement across our
new Sunshine Coast projects.Retirement Living
We regularly update our national mapping schedule to
identify those individual villages and developments that
have the greatest exposure to climate extremes including
heat waves, drought, flooding,  storms, cyclones, coastal
inundation and bushfires.1 This approach allows us to
prioritise  those  villages  where  we need  to conduct  detailed
climate  and community  resilience  assessments.  One of the
key challenges facing all of our villages is the frequency
and intensity  of extreme  heat  events,  which  increase  energy
demand for cooling and the need for areas of respite
for residents.
In FY20 we completed an assessment at Pine Lakes
Retirement  Village  (Qld),  and findings  continue  to highlight
the risk of increased heat stress, extreme storms and
impacts associated with bushfire.  Operational measures
continue to be reviewed at the village level, including
cleaning of stormwater drains and roof gutters as well as
securing outdoor furniture where there is a risk of high
wind conditions.
Industry engagement
We are regularly invited to present at industry forums,
conferences and master classes and to participate in task
groups and workshops to share our climate resilience
expertise and to help shape an industry approach to
resilience. In FY20 we presented our work on resilience
at several industry forums including the Investor Group
on Climate Change (IGCC) Summit in Sydney and the
Australian Institute of Refrigeration Air Conditioning and
Heating (AIRAH) Forum in Brisbane.
1The mapping was last updated in 2019 and remains current for 2020 as the underlying exposures used in the assessment have not been updated.
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Climate Resilience Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Waste and Materials
Why this is important to Stockland
We understand we have a role to play in protecting and
enhancing the natural, built and human environment.
We acknowledge that the development and operation of
buildings  account  for large  quantities  of waste  and material
usage,  which  we can manage  to minimise  negative  impacts.  
Waste treatment and disposal can have a major impact on
the surrounding environment. Examples include nutrient
pollution of groundwater and waterways, air quality issues
from incineration, and greenhouse gas emissions from
landfills.  We take these impacts very seriously and are
committed to managing our waste efficiently.  We seek to
reduce, reuse and recycle our waste whenever feasible,
minimising our contribution to landfill.
We acknowledge the finite  nature of resources and the
limited opportunities to dispose of waste. As such, we
seek opportunities to implement and transition to a more
circular economy, closing material loops by recognising
that waste has value and can be designed for reuse
and regeneration. We equally acknowledge that the
use of virgin materials can have significant  impacts on
environmental and human health. By identifying recycled,
ecologically and health preferable materials, for use
in our developments, we are able to deliver tangible
environmental, social and business benefits.
This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website . Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured . The material in this Deep Dive
is supported by a wider collection of performance metrics
contained in our Environmental Data Pack .
This Deep  Dive  is to be read  in conjunction  with  our published
approach to waste and materials, available as part of our
sustainability  reporting  suite  at Our Management  Approach
to Waste and Materials .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Waste and Materials Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Achieved our target of diverting 90 per cent of
construction waste from landfill  across our Retail Town
Centre developments for FY18-20.•Diverted 98 per cent of waste from landfill  across
our Residential developments, outperforming our
waste target.•Recycled 100 per cent of plastic waste from civil works
at our Aura (Qld) Residential community.•Diverted over 90 per cent of waste from landfill  at our
Shine  Birtinya  (Qld)  and Newport  (Qld)  Retirement  Living
developments (both independently certified  under
Green Star Design & As Built rating).•Developed new Waste Management Plans for our Retail
assets, outlining different  waste streams, recycling
opportunities and how waste is managed. Waste
Management Plans for our Workplace and Business
Parks assets to be completed in FY21.
Diverted from landfill
90%
construction waste in Retail developments
Recycled plastic waste
100%
from civil works at Aura
Diverted from landfill
98%
civil contractor waste in Residential
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Waste and Materials Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 targets and progress
Commercial Property
Optimise and innovate
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Reduce, reuse
and recycle
waste in
operationsAchieve a minimum 45 per cent
landfill  diversion rate between
FY18 and FY20 for Retail Town
Centres and Workplace and
Business Parks.Achieved 36 per cent landfill
diversion rate for Retail Town
Centres and 36 per cent for
Workplace and Business Parks for
the three-year period FY18-20.
The new Waste Options waste
and recycling contract will see
greater landfill  diversion rates
across multiple waste streams
in FY21.Not achieved Achieve a minimum of 45%
waste diversion for Retail Town
Centres and Workplace and
Business Parks.
Reduce, reuse
and recycle
waste in
developmentsAchieve a minimum 90 per cent
landfill  diversion rate between
FY18 and FY20 for developments
seeking Green Star Design & As
Built certification.Diverted  90 per cent  of waste  from
landfill  across four Retail Town
Centre developments at Birtinya
(Qld) Baringa (Qld), Wendouree
(Vic)  and Green  Hills  (NSW)  for the
three-year period FY18-20.Achieved Maintain minimum of 90%
waste diversion for developments
seeking Green Star Design & As
Built certification.
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Waste and Materials Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Communities
Optimise and innovate
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Reduce, reuse
and recycle waste
in operationsAchieve a minimum 60
per cent waste diversion
from landfill  for all
new Residential civil
construction contracts
by FY20.Diverted 98 per cent of civil
contractor waste from landfill.
Achieved  over  90 per cent  diversion
from landfill  since 2015.Achieved Achieve a minimum 90 per
cent waste diversion from landfill
for all new Communities civil
construction contracts.
Embed new contract
with Waste Options and
implement three new
waste initiatives across
portfolio in FY20.Embedded new contract
with Waste Options across
multiple villages.In progress Identify three new waste
management initiatives for delivery
across the portfolio.
Set a portfolio waste
diversion target for
FY21 across villages to
be included in Waste
Options contract.Contract negotiation and review of
opportunities for Retirement Living
villages delayed the establishment
of a portfolio waste diversion
FY21 target.Not achieved Set a portfolio waste diversion
target for FY21 across villages to be
included in Waste Options contract
for implementation in FY22.
Reduce, reuse
and recycle waste
in developmentsExpand application
of our sustainability
contractor schedule
from civil contracts
to include built
form contracts.Stockland’s development process
has been reviewed during FY20.
A full sustainability review of each
stage is underway and will be
complete in FY21, helping us to
identify the most effective  ways
to contract waste initiatives with
our builders.In progress Review feasibility of inclusion of
waste  targets  or initiatives  into built
form contracts.
Conduct a minimum
of one life cycle
assessment (LCA) on
a Retirement Living
development project
in FY20.There were no new RL
developments delivered during the
year,  however  we are conducting  an
LCA on medium density homes at
Altrove and Elara (NSW).In progress Explore opportunities to continue
to conduct LCA assessments
to better understand life cycle,
embodied energy and supply chain
impacts based on learnings from
current assessment.
Transitioning targets for FY21
Due to the business challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, we have delayed the launch of our new 2030
Sustainability Strategy and its associated long-term targets. Our new strategy and next three-year cycle of waste and
materials targets (FY22-24) will be launched in FY21. Where feasible, we have rolled over our FY20 three-year targets for an
additional year to maintain our focus on sustainable outcomes for our stakeholders.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Waste and Materials Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance and case studies
Development waste
Commercial Property
Our Retail Town Centre development projects in FY20
included the final  stages of construction at Stockland
Baringa on the Sunshine Coast. The project is registered
for a Green Star Design & As Built rating, targeting 5 stars.
Construction waste targets are a core commitment for the
development, with a target diversion rate of 90 per cent.
For FY20 the project achieved a landfill  diversion rate of 83
per cent in its final  month of construction, however for thewhole of the project, a rate of 95 per cent was achieved,
exceeding the target set.
For the three-year period FY18-20, we diverted 90 per
cent of construction waste from landfill  across four Retail
Town  Centre  developments  at Birtinya  (Qld),  Baringa  (Qld),
Wendouree (Vic) and Green Hills (NSW), achieving our
target commitment.
Our next  project  will be commencement  of the first stage  of
our M_Park Workplace campus development in Macquarie
Park in Sydney. Construction is expected to commence in
the first half of FY21 and will be completed in 2022.
Retail Development Waste Profile  (tonnes)
FY18-FY20 FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Total waste 5,284 35 878 4,371 1,396 3,253
Waste recycled 4,768 29 829 3,910 678 2,684
Waste to landfill 152 6 50 461 718 569
Diversion from landfill 90% 83% 94% 89% 49% 83%
Developments  included  (% by
project value)100% 100% 100% 100% 96% 100%
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Waste and Materials Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Communities
Our FY20 diversion from landfill  rate for residential
masterplan developments was 98 per cent, exceeding our
target rate of 60 per cent. There has continued to be an
increase in the diversion of waste from landfill  due in part
to improved management of waste on site and because
several larger residential community projects no longer
require  the export  of large  amounts  of debris  from  site.  We
have a number of excellent individual project results, such
as Aura  (Qld)  where  100 per cent  of plastic  waste  from  civil
works was able to be recycled.
Examples of waste reduction and diversion through civil
and landscape works include:
•Timber:  Timber  salvaged  from  project  sites  is commonly
mulched and reused for landscape and conservation
area establishment, weed management, and soil and
stream stabilisation. Timber is also reused on site to
create nature playspaces, such as at Sienna Wood
(WA), or to create landscape furniture, for example
at Willowdale (NSW). Timber and excess rock has
also been used in natural area rehabilitation works
at North Shore, Bokarina Beach and Foreshore (Qld),
and as riparian corridor restoration and nesting box
construction at Willowdale (NSW).•Topsoil and fill materials: We manage materials onsite
through reuse of fill materials, for example at Kalina,
Pallara  and Foreshore  (Qld),  where  civil works  materialswere balanced across the site. We also reuse topsoil
removed from roadways and construction areas to
improve soil quality and depth at landscape and
open space areas. Where we have surplus concrete
or asphalt, we have crushed and reused it onsite,
for example in retaining walls and by our community
partner Earthcare in the construction of community
gardens, such as at Calleya (WA).•Plastics: Returning plastic potting containers to
nurseries rather than including them in waste landfill
is becoming more common, for example at Highland
Reserve and Riverstone Crossing (Qld) where pots from
landscaping and conservation revegetation works are
collected by the suppliers for washing and reuse. At
Highland Reserve, plastic material from construction
activities are being reused to create fauna nesting
and habitat islands. At our Aura project (Qld), specific
recycling  targets  have  been  achieved  onsite  during  FY20,
including 100 per cent of plastic waste from civil works
and 90 per cent of polypipe.•Buildings and materials: We will often reuse or
repurpose our sales centres instead of removing them
once they are no longer required. For example, we have
recently rebranded our North Lakes (Qld) Retirement
Living  village  sales  and information  centre  to support  our
residential Promenade project at Rothwell (Qld).
The table below summarises the waste streams from our
greenfield  Communities developments.1 
Communities Development Waste Profile  (tonnes)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Total waste 49,567 41,093 19,625 41,237 35,424
Waste diverted from landfill 48,633 40,430 18,441 39,923 33,881
Waste sent to landfill 934 663 1,184 1,314 1,542
Diversion from landfill 98% 98% 94% 97% 96%
1Data on construction waste generated by contractors at sites where we do not have operational control (e.g. brownfield  or sites with a single principal contractor) is not collected
or reported. Note that due to the nature of greenfield  developments, the waste figures  generated on a per-year basis do not necessarily reflect  the level of activity for that year as
waste can be stored for a period of time onsite until reused or exported offsite  to landfill  when the space becomes unavailable.
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Waste and Materials Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Operational waste
Commercial Property
In FY20 we continued to monitor and analyse our waste
data streams to understand where opportunities exist to
further improve the levels of recycling at our Retail Town
Centre, Workplace and Business Park sites. Our Retail
Town  Centre  operations  diverted  36 per cent  of waste  from
landfill,  while  our Workplace  and Business  Parks  operations
diverted 36 per cent of waste from landfill,  falling short of
our 45 per cent  diversion  targets.  One of the reasons  for the
shortfall  was the delay  in the appointment  of our new waste
contractor, Waste Options.
As part of a group-wide tender, including Retail Town
Centres, Workplace and Logistics assets and a number of
Retirement communities, we completed a national tender
to engage a head contractor responsible for waste and
recycling services under an integrated waste management
services contract. The new national waste contract with
Waste Options was formally agreed during FY20 and will
track performance against contract criteria for reporting
and landfill  diversion, and allows for standardised
reporting across the portfolio, optimisation of costs and
monthly commentary on anomalies. Our continued focus
on waste  management  across  our portfolio,  combined  with
enhanced data quality and completeness, will assist us to
meet our FY21 target of 45 per cent diversion.
Operational waste (tonnes)
The quality  of our waste  data  is dependent  on the quality  of
information provided to us by our waste contractors. Thisis why we have been working closely with Waste Options
over the last year to incorporate the new Better Buildings
Partnership  (BBP)  Operational  Waste  Reporting  Guidelines,
developed through an industry partnership with the City
of Sydney, contractual performance targets and potential
initiatives to improve our diversions. Having one national
contractor  for waste  provides  consistency  in the quality  and
standard of the data being reported across our portfolio.
In FY20 new Waste Management Plans have been
developed for our Retail Town Centre assets. These plans
outline different  waste streams, recycling opportunities
and how waste is managed. Waste Management Plans
for our Workplace and Business Parks assets are to be
completed in FY21. Opportunities outlined in the Waste
Management  Plans  will be reviewed  in FY21  to determine  the
viability  of each  initiative  and what  should  be implemented.
Retirement Living
The new waste contract with Waste Options includes 31
Retirement communities. We will work with our national
waste contractor to establish a portfolio performance
baseline to monitor, reconcile and interrogate the waste
and recycling data and further improve the accuracy
and quality of the information that is provided by our
contractors.  This information  will be used  to develop  future
portfolio-wide diversion targets and to identify possible
additional waste separation streams, such as e-waste and
battery recycling opportunities, to help improve waste
diversion rates.
Operational waste (tonnes)
Retail Town Centres Workplace and Business Parks
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY171FY16 FY20 FY19 FY18 FY171FY16
Total waste 14,367 17,265 17,577 17,351 17,895 531 1,007 1043 1,193 1,182
Total waste to landfill 9,212 10,768 11,730 11,969 10,858 339 712 661 739 680
Total waste recycled 5,155 6,497 5,846 5,382 7,038 192 295 383 454 502
Diversion from landfill  (%) 36% 38 33 31 39 36% 29 37 38 42
% portfolio reporting 97 97 97 95 95 70 85 85 85 100
1 FY17 data restated due to contractor reporting error.
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Waste and Materials Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Materials
There has been continued industry attention on non-
conforming and non-compliant building materials as well
as materials that carry a lower environmental footprint,
both in the context of supply chain verification  and asset
management. We undertake comprehensive materials
verification  processes in our construction projects,
including applying the Stockland Materials Schedule. This
materials schedule outlines the minimum verification  and
certification  requirements  regarding  the materials’  quality,
human rights practices, environmental standards and
health  standards.  We have  also been  responsive  to new and
anticipated legislation relating to façade cladding on our
existing asset portfolio.
Initiatives implemented in FY20 to reduce the impacts of
materials in our developments include:
•Establishing a baseline suite of sustainability initiatives
in our sustainability contractor schedule required
in new civil contracts, including opportunities for
project-specific  initiatives to be delivered through our
contractor  partners.  The schedule  enables  us to be clear
on our waste management and product and material
selection expectations for each development.•Utilising ‘green concrete’ or concrete where traditional
aggregates are substituted for fly ash on our Western
Australian projects. Similar products, Ultramax andE-crete,  are being  used  at Cloverton  and Highlands  (Vic).
We also began  investigating  options  for substituting  raw
materials such as aggregates from coal by-products
and recycled plastics in our construction processes,
such as roadways and pavements. At Whiteman Edge
(WA) we delivered 1km of roadway using Reconophalt.
Reconophalt uses recycled plastic as a substitute for
raw materials in road asphalt (refer to case study).
We have established an internal working group to look
at how we can drive greener asphalt products into
our projects across the country and will continue to
work with suppliers in FY21 on product availability and
appropriateness for use on selected projects.•Trialling other sustainable products, including a bio-
diesel substitute in lieu of traditional diesel at
Cloverton (Vic). At our North Shore (Qld), Altrove
(NSW) and Highlands (Vic) projects we are installing
recycled plastic landscape elements such as garden
edging bollards and seating. At Foreshore we have
successfully trialled a water-based prime in paving
construction instead of traditional oil-based prime,
reducing  contamination  risk to the surrounding  wetland.•Developing the “Sustainable Procurement for your
Supply Chain” online education module in partnership
with  the Supply  Chain  Sustainability  School.  This module
is aimed at project teams who want to improve their
knowledge of Sustainable Procurement opportunities.
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Waste and Materials Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
WHITEMAN EDGE RECONOPHALT TRIAL
As a real estate owner, manager and developer, we
recognise the choices we make can help solve some of
society’s  most  pressing  environmental  issues.  One issue  we
are working to help solve is the issue of plastic pollution.
Of the 8.3 billion metric tons of plastic ever produced,
6.3 billion metric tons has ended up as waste and of
that, only 9% has been recycled. Civil construction is the
second largest industry sector driving demand for plastic,
accounting for 19% of all plastic in the world.
In response to this and to help limit our impact, Stockland
have been trialling a new ‘green asphalt’ known as
Reconophalt. Our Whiteman Edge Reconophalt trial in
Western Australia has delivered 1 kilometre of road,
replacing traditional asphalt with a product made of 30%
recycled content, diverting the equivalent of 500,000
plastic bags, 165,000 glass bottles and 12,000 printer
toners from landfill.
The benefits  of Reconophalt are not limited to
saving plastic. When compared to traditional asphalt,
Reconophalt will result in an increase in asset life and
performance,  a 30%  carbon  emission  reduction,  and a cost
neutral outcome based on whole of life.In order to leverage the success of the Whiteman Edge
trial, a National Asphalt Review is underway with the
objective of delivering a roadmap to 2030 that introduces
a sustainable alternative to traditional asphalt whilst
maintaining volume, cost and time certainty in delivery.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
9 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Waste and Materials Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Water Management and Quality
Why this is important to Stockland
Water is essential for environmental and social health. It
also enables us to develop and manage our assets and
plays an important role in making our communities and
assets attractive, healthy and efficient  places in which our
customers want to live and work.
Australia's  climate  is characterised  by variability,  featuring
long-term drought, water scarcity (often resulting in
water restrictions) and severe flooding.  As a responsible
property developer, we consider where water is sourced,
how efficiently  it is used and how quantity and quality
is managed. We maintain a strong focus on water
management  and quality  in the development  and operation
of our assets, including improving the quality of rainwater
run-off  leaving our project sites, access to alternate water
infrastructure and practical innovation to support more
efficient  water use.
Maintaining effective  water management systems to
minimise consumption and manage water quality is a
key priority. Effective  systems deliver significant  benefits
to the environment and promote performance and cost
efficiencies  across our projects and operations.
This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website . Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured . The material in this Deep Dive
is supported by a wider collection of performance metrics
contained in our Environmental Data Pack .
This Deep  Dive  is to be read  in conjunction  with  our published
approach to water management, available as part of our
sustainability  reporting  suite  at Our Management  Approach
to Water Management and Quality .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Water Management and Quality Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Reduced water intensity of our Retail Town Centre
portfolio by 11 per cent compared to our FY17 baseline.•Connected  14 of our residential  sales  offices  to rainwater
or centralised recycled water supply.•Achieved a 9 per cent improvement over local
compliance requirements, saving 7.6ML of water and
exceeding  our residential  built  form  water  consumption
design target of 5 per cent.•Investigated  the extent  of water  scarcity  across  Australia
to better understand the implications for Stockland’s
property portfolio and our future role in contributing to
water system resilience.
Water intensity reduced
11%
in our Retail Town Centre portfolio since FY17
Water savings
9%
improvement over code compliance
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Water Management and Quality Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 targets and progress
Commercial Property
Optimise and innovate
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Focus on water
efficiency  and
sustainable
sourcingReduce  water  consumption  by five
per cent by FY20 in our Retail
Town Centre portfolio against the
FY17 baseline.Achieved 11 per cent reduction
against the FY17 baselineAchieved Maintain water intensity in our
Retail  Town  Centre  portfolio  at the
FY20 baseline.
Reduce water consumption by
five per cent by FY20 in our
Workplace and Business Parks
portfolio against FY17 baseline.Achieved 14 per cent reduction
against FY17 baselineAchieved Maintain water intensity in our
Workplace and Business Parks
portfolio at the FY20 baseline.
Achieve a NABERS Water portfolio
average of 3.5 stars for our Retail
Town Centre portfolio by FY20.Achieved a portfolio average
NABERS Water rating of 3.41 stars.
Achieving high NABERS Water
ratings in Retail is challenging
due to the impact of high-water-
consuming tenants.Not achieved Maintain an average NABERS
Water portfolio rating in our Retail
Town Centre portfolio at the
FY20 baseline.
Achieve a NABERS Water
combined portfolio average of
4 stars for our Workplace and
Business Parks portfolio by FY20.Achieved a combined portfolio
average NABERS Water rating of
3.76 stars.
Achieving NABERS Water ratings
continues to be difficult  in
the Workplace and Business
Parks portfolios as these assets
typically have water features,
end of trip facilities and large
landscaped areas that require
high maintenance.Not achieved Maintain an average NABERS
Water portfolio rating in our
Workplace and Business Parks
portfolio at the FY20 baseline.
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Water Management and Quality Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Communities
Optimise and innovate
Focus area Target FY20 Progress Status Future priorities
Focus on water
efficiency  and
sustainable
sourcingExceed relevant minimum
water consumption compliance
standards  in our residential  homes
by five per cent by FY20.Achieved a 9 per
cent improvement over
code compliance.Achieved Exceed relevant minimum home
water consumption compliance
standards by five per cent in
our residential communities and
retirement villages in FY21.
Establish a water efficiency
program that embeds the
recommendations derived from
the sub-metering and monitoring
pilot and seeks to achieve a five
per cent  water  efficiency  target  for
villages in sub metering by FY20.Pilot was not continued in
FY20 due to monitoring vendor
ceasing operations.N/A Develop sustainability plans for
each  Retirement  Living  village  that
incorporates water profiles  and
potential efficiency  opportunities
and NABERS targets.
Complete an operational
efficiency  review of our three
most water intensive retirement
living communities.Analysis could not be completed
due to monitoring vendor
ceasing operations.N/A Develop sustainability plans for
each  Retirement  Living  village  that
incorporates water profiles  and
potential efficiency  opportunities
and NABERS targets.
Deliver projects
that minimise
water use and
minimise our
impact on water
quality entering
natural
waterwaysAll new residential  masterplanned
communities and built form
projects over 500 dwellings to
deliver the following modelled
water quality targets when
discharging water from our site
into natural water systems:
•45 per cent reduction
in nitrogen•65 per cent reduction
in phosphorus•85 per cent reduction in
suspended solidsIn FY20 there were no projects
for which Water Sensitive Urban
Design (WSUD) strategies were
finalised,  however 73% of our
projects have achieved all of our
WSUD targets against modelled
base case since 2015.Not achieved All new residential master-
planned communities and built
form projects over 500 dwellings
to deliver the following modelled
water quality targets when
discharging water from our site
into natural water systems:
•45 per cent reduction
in nitrogen•65 per cent reduction
in phosphorus•80 per cent reduction in
suspended solids
Transitioning targets for FY21
Due to the business challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, we have delayed the launch of our new 2030
Sustainability Strategy and its associated long-term targets. Our new strategy and next three-year cycle of water targets
(FY22-24)  will be launched  in FY21.  Where  feasible,  we have  rolled  over  our FY20  three-year  targets  for an additional  year  to
maintain our focus on sustainable outcomes for our stakeholders.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Water Management and Quality Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance and case studies
Commercial Property
NABERS Water Ratings
Retail
Following the NABERS Water ratings undertaken in FY20 on our Retail Town Centre portfolio, the area weighted portfolio
average has improved to 3.41 stars (3.35 stars in FY19) however we have not achieved our target of 3.5 stars for FY20 in
absolute terms. This year we have rated some of our smaller retail centres for the first time, including Harrisdale (NSW),
Balgowlah (NSW) and Birtinya (Qld), with the introduction of a new NABERS methodology for rating small retail centres.
Therefore,  considering  changes  in the rated  portfolio  for FY20,  including  some  asset  sales,  the like for like portfolio  average
is 3.6 stars.
Achieving high NABERS Water ratings in retail is challenging due to the impact of high-water-consuming tenants such as
seafood  markets,  food  courts,  gymnasiums  and hair salons.  Four  retail  assets  received  an improved  rating,  while  five assets
received a lower rating. Twelve retail assets out of 26 achieved 4 stars or better and three have achieved 5 stars.
Workplace and Business Parks
In our Workplace  and Business  Parks  portfolio,  the NABERS  Water  area  weighted  portfolio  average  has improved  to 3.83 stars
(3.61  stars  in FY19)  for Workplace  and 3.70  stars  (3.26  stars  in FY19)  for Business  Parks.  The combined  NABERS  Water  portfolio
average for FY20 is 3.76 stars. This is an increase on FY19 (3.47 stars) however we have not achieved our target of 4 stars for
FY20 in absolute terms or on a like for like basis, taking into account asset sales and vacancy.
The average excludes the Durack Centre and 2 Victoria Avenue (WA) and Optus Centre (NSW) due to faulty utility metering
and consumption estimates, which prevented ratings being undertaken this year (faulty meters have since been replaced
and we will have  ratings  for these  two locations  in FY21).  There  are no ratings  this year  for 11-17  Khartoum  Road  Macquarie  Park
(NSW)  as this site is subject  to redevelopment,  and 350 Wellington  Road  Mulgrave  (Vic)  due to vacancy  during  refurbishment.
Achieving NABERS Water ratings continues to be difficult  in the Workplace and Business Parks portfolios as these assets
typically have water features, end of trip facilities and large landscaped areas which require high maintenance activities to
ensure  they  continue  to present  well to tenants.  Two Workplace  and Business  Park  ratings  fell and four improved,  with  four
assets out 14 achieving 4 stars or better.
More information on our NABERS Water ratings is provided in our Environmental Data Pack .
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Water Management and Quality Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Initiatives and performance metrics
In FY20 we continued to see the benefits  of our comprehensive sub-metering network across our Commercial Property
assets, with the installation of additional water sub-meters across nine Logistics assets taking the total sub-meters to 42.
We also saw savings of 95,000kL (in prevented leaks) for Retail assets over the course of the year.
We track our water consumption on a per square metre intensity basis as a means of taking divestments and investments
into account. The table below outlines our year-on-year water intensity in Commercial Property over the last five years.
Commercial Property water consumption intensity (kL/m2)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks 0.55 0.62 0.67 0.64 0.65
Retail Town Centres 0.97 1.05 1.04 1.09 1.11
Total Commercial Property 0.88 0.96 1 1 1
Commercial Property water consumption intensity reductions
Annual Intensity Change (%)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks -11% -7% 5% -5% 12%
Retail Town Centres -8% 1% -5% -2% 0%
Total Commercial Property -8% 0% 1% -5% 4%
Communities
Residential
Residential contractor water data varies from year to year due to activities such as filling  lakes in large developments and
location-specific  variables such as natural rainfall, project life cycles, market conditions, site management techniques
and local landscaping requirements set by councils. In addition, contractors self-report water data and we do not review
each  contractor’s  data  collection  processes.  This year  we upgraded  our contractor  reporting  system  to enhance  contractor
reporting processes.
Water efficiency
Our current Residential water targets (set in FY18) focus on the performance of our built form product, which is under our
control.  These  targets  aim for a five per cent  improvement  in the performance  of built  form  product  by FY20,  compared  with
existing water reduction compliance benchmarks established by regulation within the states where we operate. We model
and analyse  the performance  of our built  form  product  in our Residential  communities  in order  to understand  water-related
initiatives that we could include in our designs to exceed compliance requirements by five per cent or more. During FY20
we modelled and analysed the performance of 566 homes, and we achieved a 9 per cent improvement against water
benchmarks, representing a saving of 7.6ML per year when compared to homes built to regulation. This result is largely
attributable to the installation of water-efficient  fixtures  and appliances, rainwater tanks and water-efficient  landscaping.
Other water efficiency  initiatives delivered in FY20 include:
•Collecting rainwater run-off  in basins for reuse to suppress dust at our South East Queensland projects, including
Newport, Vale, Pallara, Augustine Heights, Highland Reserve, Pallara and Foreshore.•Connecting 14 of our sales offices  to either rainwater or centralised recycled water supply.•Using passive irrigation and low-water tolerant species such as Australian native plants in our landscaping, public open
space and verges, minimising irrigation requirements at a number of projects across the country such as Willowdale
(NSW), Whiteman Edge (WA), Sienna Wood (WA) and Sovereign Pocket (Qld).
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Water Management and Quality Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
•Delivering parks in Western Australia, such as at Sienna Wood, during winter to improve water saving and survival rates
of landscaping.•Installing in-ground rainwater tanks on all our Medium Density homes at our Altrove project in North West Sydney.•Requiring  all front  landscaping  at Calleya  in Western  Australia,  to be designed  in accordance  with  WA Water  Corporations
Water Wise Garden standards.•Making mandatory the installation of rainwater tanks on all homes on lots greater than 225m2 at Aura on the Sunshine
Coast.  Also  providing  education  opportunities  for new residents  via access  to information  about  water  efficiency  at display
villages and as part of our resident welcome packs.•Connecting  a number  of our Victorian  projects  to centralised  recycled  water  schemes,  for example,  the irrigation  of open
space at Cloverton is serviced by recycled water.
Water quality
We use Water Sensitive Urban Design (WSUD) strategies at our residential developments to minimise the impact these
developments have on water quality entering our natural waterways. In FY20 there were no projects for which WSUD
strategies  were  finalised,  however  73%  of our projects  have  achieved  all our WSUD  target  reductions  against  modelled  base
case  since  2015.  When  we looked  at each  target  individually,  14 out of 15 projects  achieved  our nitrogen  45%  reduction  target,
13 out of 15 achieved  our phosphorus  65%  reduction  target  and 6 out of 15 projects  achieved  our suspended  solids  (SS) 85%
reduction target.
We engaged  Alluvium  WSUD  consultants  to better  understand  our results.  Alluvium  concluded  that SS 85%  was a particularly
ambitious  target  and would  come  at significant  cost  to projects  if we were  to drive  the target  hard.  When  we reduced  the SS
target  in line with  most  jurisdictions  across  the country  to 80%,  we achieved  14 out of 15 projects,  achieving  compliance  and
an overall  performance  score  of 91%  across  the three  water  quality  measures.  We concluded  that we would  amend  the target
in line with  the performance  requirements  of local  authorities  and government  organisations  for FY21  and that we would  look
at what cost and benefit  would be derived from establishing a suite of stretch targets beyond FY21. It is important to note
that our results reflect  the quality of water leaving our site boundary and in some cases we will agree with local authorities
to make a contribution to a wider catchment strategy rather than undertake water quality initiatives on our site. In these
circumstances the wider catchment result may not be reflected  in our results shown in this document.
WSUD applications are generally aimed at delivering water quality improvement following completion of development.
We also minimise pollution during construction through delivery of sediment and erosion control plans. Water run-off  is
captured in basins and treated with flocculents  to allow suspended solids and pollutants to settle out of the water column.
Retirement Living
We engaged in a pilot study at The Willows (NSW) and Tarneit Skies (Vic) to monitor water consumption. The pilot
commenced monitoring in FY17 and ceased in FY19 as a result of the monitoring vendor ceasing operations. At that point
in time the monitoring for water at the village site level was highlighting a 13.7 per cent increase in water consumption at
Tarneit Skies (Vic) and 36 per cent decrease in water consumption at The Willows (NSW). These performance results were
inconclusive given that the project was incomplete and other village specific  variables such as residential unit vacancies,
weather  conditions  and unintended  water  usages  were  not considered.  There  were  a number  of observations  made  that will
feed  into future  water  efficiency  reviews,  such  as the need  to establish  more  granular  sub-metering  to differentiate  between
common area and residential units’ usage. This will help to define  behavioural usage patterns and ultimately improve our
analysis for water management and conservation.
In FY20  we continued  to meter  and monitor  using  the WaterGroup  IoT water  meter  at MacArthur  Gardens  (NSW).  The change
from a standard utility meter to a “smart” meter for water has meant consumption can be monitored online via a portal.
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Water Management and Quality Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
DELIVERING WATER RESILIENT COMMUNITIES
In March 2020 Stockland purchased The Gables, a 293
hectare masterplanned community at Box Hill in Sydney’s
North West. The project is located close to rail and town
centres and includes 75ha of parks and a large lake. Over
the life of the project  we will deliver  around  1,900  homes  to
The Gables community.
Unique to The Gables is the way water is supplied to the
project. New homes will be connected to a sustainable
water  network  providing  recycled  water  as well as drinking
water,  saving  money  for residents  and reducing  the burden
on Sydney’s potable water supply. Recycled water can
supply up to 70% of resident requirements, including
gardens,  toilets,  washing  machines,  and irrigation  of public
parks and open space. The water recycling and supply
system is operated by Box Hill Water, an independent
utility providing recycled water and sewer services to
the community, while Sydney Water will provide drinking
water. Box Hill Water will harvest wastewater from
household kitchens, bathrooms and toilets, extract clean
water and provide it back to homes and public spaces
through the recycled water purple pipes.After  witnessing  one of the worst  droughts  on record  during
2020,  Stockland’s  ambition  to improve  the water  resilience
of our communities and cities has never been stronger.
We are reviewing opportunities to build greater water and
drought resilience around the country. In fact, we will be
introducing new strategic objectives into our projects that
require all our masterplanned communities to investigate
whole  of water  cycle  management  opportunities,  which  will
result  in water  savings.  With  the purchase  of The Gables  we
have made a great start.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Water Management and Quality Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Employee Engagement, Development,
Diversity and Inclusion
Why this is important to Stockland
High employee engagement leads to reduced employee
turnover, improved productivity and better business
outcomes. Most importantly, engaged employees are
happier: both at work and in their personal lives.
Building a diverse and more inclusive workplace enables
greater breadth of thought and more informed decision-
making, and is proven to increase profitability.
Developing our employees’ capabilities enables them to
deliver on our business strategy and purpose, to drive
continuous improvement and enhance performance.
We also place a great focus on employee health and
wellbeing. Improved wellbeing and psychological safety
enhances job performance, employee satisfaction and
retention, and the achievement of organisational goals
and objectives.
Measuring and monitoring our performance helps us to
continually improve and drive better outcomes.
This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website . Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured . The material in this Deep Dive
is supported by a wider collection of performance metrics
contained in our People Data Pack.
This Deep  Dive  is to be read  in conjunction  with  our published
management approaches to employee engagement and
development , as well as to  diversity and inclusion ,
available on our website  as part of our sustainability
reporting suite.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Recognised as leaders in diversity and inclusion: WGEA
Employer of Choice for Gender Equality for the sixth
year in a row; ranked sixth on Equileap’s Global Top 100
gender-equal  companies;  and achieved  Bronze  Status  in
the 2020 Australian Workplace Equality Index (AWEI).•Focused  on strengthening  the Stockland  culture  through
an integrated program of work across leadership,
structure, capability, processes and systems.•Increased employee engagement through regular and
dynamic  employee  listening  strategy,  including  focused
pulse surveys during the COVID-19 pandemic.•Launched Leader Zone, an online learning resource
to support all employees to enhance their
leadership capability.•Amplified  our focus on flexible  work in response to
COVID-19  and fast-tracked  flexible  and remote  working,
with MS Teams collaboration technology rolled out to
100% of employees in 14 days.•Implemented a multi-faceted wellbeing support
program working with our CARE Foundation partners
to support the mental health of our employees during
COVID-19 containment and recovery.•Updated our What Stockland Expects from its
Suppliers policy, influencing  the diversity and
inclusiveness of our supply chain.•Launched our updated Domestic and Family Violence
(DFV) Policy and ran a 16 Days of Activism to end
Gender-Based  Violence  leadership-led  campaign  to raise
awareness of DFV and to promote the support we
provide our people.
Employee engagement
82%
4 points higher than Australian national norm
Women in management
46.7%
(40/40/20 women in management)
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 targets and progress
Enrich our value chain
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Enhancing employee
engagementMaintain an employee
engagement score of 80% or
above, and above the Australian
national norm.Achieved an 82% employee
engagement score measured
through in Our Voice, four
points higher than the Australian
national norm.Achieved Maintain an employee
engagement score of 80% or
above, and above the Australian
national norm.
Enhancing the
diversity of our
workforce and
building on our
inclusive cultureAchieve a Diversity & Inclusion
(D&I) Index score, as measured
by Our Voice survey, 4% above
Australian norm and meeting
global high performing norm.Achieved a D&I Index of 85.67
which is 5% above the Australia
norm and 6% above the high-
performing normAchieved Achieve a Diversity & Inclusion
index score, as measured by
Our Voice survey, 4% above
Australian norm and meeting
global high-performing norm.
Maximising
diversity in
leadership positionsWomen in Management: 45-50% 46.7% Achieved 40% Women in Management (in
line with our gender balanced
workforce of 40/40/20 across
all levels)
Women in Senior
Management: 42-47%40.4% In progress 40% Women in Senior
Management (in line with our
gender balanced workforce of
40/40/20 across all levels)
Leadership team (ExCo/
GMs): 40-45%37.5% In progress 40%  Women  in Leadership  Team
(in line with  our gender  balanced
workforce of 40/40/20 across
all levels)
Enable the equitable
attraction, retention,
development and
remuneration of all
genders at StocklandMaintain the gender pay equity
ratio between 97-103%99.2% Achieved Maintain gender pay equity ratio
between 97-103%
WGEA Employer of Choice Achieved WGEA citation Achieved Achieve WGEA citation
Creating a more
inclusive workplace10% improvement in Australian
Workplace  Equality  Index  (AWEI)
score and Bronze statusAchieved 23% increase in
AWEI score
Bronze statusAchieved Achieve 10% improvement in
Australian Workplace Equality
Index (AWEI) score and
Bronze status 
Supporting cultural
participation, access,
and the right
to express and
interpret cultureDeliver progress against our
RAP, including offering  two
internships for Aboriginal and
Torres Strait Islander students
through  our Career  Trackers  pilot
in FY20Achieved progress against our
RAP, including supporting three
Career Tracker Interns.Achieved Deliver  progress  against  our RAP,
including developing a cultural
learning program and at least
one internship for an Aboriginal
and Torres  Strait  Islander  student
through  our Career  Trackers  pilot
in FY21.
Supporting employee
mental, physical and
personal wellbeingAchieve a Wellbeing Index score
(previously Work Life Quality
score) at 3% above Australian
Norm and meet global high
performing norm measured
through Our Voice survey.
Achieve  an improvement  in “I feel
anxious at work” result in Our
Voice  by achieving  a score  of 65%
in FY20.75%
(6 per cent above Australian
Norm and equal to global high
performing norm)
55%Achieved
In progressMaintain our Wellbeing Index
Score  at 3% above  the Australian
Norm and meet global high
performing norm.
Achieve  an improvement  in “I feel
anxious at work” result in Our
Voice  by achieving  a score  of over
55% in FY21.
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Enrich our value chain
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Making flexibility
business as usualMaintain the percentage of
employees with flexible  working
arrangements, as nominated by
their One Simple Thing, at or
above 80% in FY2078% In progress Increase number of employees
working flexibly  to over 80%
as measured by employee
pulse survey.
Maintain overall parental return
rates of 90%84% In progress Achieve parental return rates
of 80%.
Organisational
Culture & CapabilityImplement outcomes of
organisational culture review,
with an integrated program
of work across systems,
capability,  leadership,  processes
and structureEngaged with senior leaders on
the changes required to enable
us to continue  to evolve  and grow
the company in a dynamic and
new operating environment.
Supported managers to cascade
the Stockland strategy and
cultural priorities to our people
through Team Talks.Achieved and
in progressImplement the second phase of
Strengthening Stockland to build
greater customer centricity,
innovation, accountability and
faster decision-making.
Develop and define  our ‘new
ways of working’, taking the
positive learnings from the
COVID-19 pandemic to drive
more collaborative, productive
and sustainable habits for
our workforce. This includes
establishing our new Stockland
model for the ‘Future of Work’ .
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance and case studies
Employee engagement
Employee experience and communication
In FY20 we enhanced employee communication and
simplified  daily processes to enhance the employee
experience. We conducted quarterly Leadership Team
Updates (one-day sessions) focusing on business updates
and strategic alignment, and introduced a new Team
Talks channel of communication to support managers in
cascading key information including strategic priorities.
We have also improved employee access to key
information, establishing the People Hub on our employee
intranet, a one-stop shop for all employee-related
information including wellbeing support, learning and
development, and performance management.
These initiatives complement our existing employee
communications, including employee intranet
(StockXchange), Yammer, regular leader communications
and Employee Roadshows. We continued to reinforce our
CARE values of Community, Accountability, Respect and
Excellence through our CARE thank you cards and CARE
awards, as well as Values Shares at all large meetings.
During the COVID-19 pandemic we built on our
employee communications to provide regular virtual
employee updates from our Executive Committee with the
opportunity for employees to ask questions anonymously.
Employee listening
One of the ways we measure employee engagement is
via our annual Our Voice survey, administered by Willis
Towers Watson. Our FY20 results remain strong when
benchmarked against other Australian companies andindustry  norms.  In FY20  we simplified  our annual  Our Voice
survey  and action  planning  process.  In FY20  our composite
employee  engagement  score  increased  1 per cent  to 82 per
cent, driven mostly by an increase in advocacy (likelihood
to recommend Stockland as a good place to work) and
intent to stay (lower likelihood of leaving Stockland in the
near future). We reported improved scores in our major
areas  of focus  over  the past  year  which  included  leadership,
strategy communication and execution, and removing
obstacles to perform. Our scores across Wellbeing, D&I
and Health & Safety metrics remain very strong compared
to norms.
The Wellbeing score declined compared to last year
(despite being strong compared to norms). This decline
was driven by an increase in the number of employees
reporting feeling anxious at work. The survey was open in
March 2020, when the COVID-19 situation was uncertain
and therefore may have contributed to anxiety around job
stability,  financial  security  and health.  We also measured  a
decline in collaboration between teams within business
units. This decline was partly driven by teams that
experienced  leadership  changes  during  the year,  reflecting
a response to new ways of working and a high volume
of change.
In addition  to Our Voice,  we regularly  pulsed  our employees
from March 2020 onwards to understand how supported
they felt during the COVID-19 pandemic and to gain
feedback on leadership, flexible  working and wellbeing.
The table below provides some headline metrics from our
FY20  Our Voice  survey.  A larger  sample  of results  by survey
category is provided in our People Data Pack .
Survey question/metric FY20 FY19 FY18
Employee engagement  – composite employee
engagement score82 per cent
4 points above the Australian National Norm81 per cent 83 per cent
Diversity and Inclusion  – composite diversity and
inclusion score86 per cent
5 points above Australian National Norm86 per cent 86 per cent1
Wellbeing – composite wellbeing score 75 per cent
6 points above Australian National Norm75 per cent 75 per cent
Health and safety  – composite health and safety score 93 per cent
6 points above Australian National Norm93 per cent 93 per cent
Leadership  – overall leadership score 70 per cent 67 per cent 73 per cent
1 This was incorrectly reported in our FY18 Deep Dive as 87 and has since been corrected.
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Employee wellbeing
Stockland recognises the importance of mental and
psycho-social health for our employees and has
championed wellbeing initiatives over many years. We
continuously look for opportunities as to how we can
connect our people to contemporary tools, resources
and programs. Due to the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic, we extended our focus on mental health
and wellbeing, including through our CARE Foundation
collaborative partnership with ReachOut and R U OK?.
We developed and launched a wellbeing program in
response to COVID-19, including the 30 Days of Wellbeing
campaign, Ways to Wellbeing webinars, promotion of
the Wellbeing Assistance Program (Benestar) portal and
coaching service, regular employee virtual events hosted
by our Executive Committee and leadership support.
Further information on FY20 wellbeing initiatives
implemented by our Employee Advocacy Group as well as
a case study on how we supported our employees through
COVID-19 can be found below.
Dealing with challenging interactions training
In FY20 we have further equipped our employees, at head
office  and at our assets,  with  techniques  for managing  their
mental health, and in particular to address psycho-social
hazards such as dealing with difficult  conversations and
personal interactions. During 2019 some of our employees
reported that they were experiencing more challenging
situations (e.g. verbal abuse, physical and verbal
intimidation) from customers and external stakeholders.
While we have guidelines available to support our
employees with managing these types of issues, we
identified  the need to provide training to complement
the guidelines and further develop the capability of
our employees. Group Risk worked with the People &
Culture team and a specialist psychological consultancy
to develop  ‘Dealing  with  Challenging  Interactions  training’.
The training is aimed at customer and public facing roles.
The training was initially rolled out to the Communities
Sales, Conveyancing, and Customer Experience Teams
nationally during March 2020. Face-to-face training for
our Commercial Property (Retail) and Retirement Living
employees is to follow. Online training is currently being
developed to support our face-to-face offering.Talent attraction and retention
The work Stockland undertook in FY19 to define  the
Employee Value Proposition has been embedded into our
practices, and has supported our efforts  throughout FY20
to attact and retain talent at all levels of the organisation.
We understand an employee’s choice to remain at
Stockland is driven by a number of factors, and all
of the achievements and initiatives mentioned in our
Deep Dive have contributed to our ability to retain
employees. This includes our continued focus on overall
employee engagement, career-building via the capability
masterplan, Leader Zone, and our dedication to diversity,
inclusion and wellbeing.
In FY20 we also refreshed and focused our approach to
talent identification  and succession planning in relation
to the most critical leadership roles in Stockland.
Through the targeted appointment of a number of key
internal and external hires and the continued assessment
and development of our highest potential leaders, we
have strengthened the talent pipeline for our senior
leadership roles.
Rolling turnover1
Turnover rates across all our metrics decreased in FY20.
Employee-initiated  turnover  has fallen  from  16.3%  to 12.1%
between June 2019 and June 2020. This drop has been
reported across all business areas, and predominantly in
the more junior job bands where most of the turnover
historically occurs.
Employee-initiated turnover of employees with strong
performance has also fallen from 14% to 9.2%. A further
breakdown of turnover rates by tenure is provided in our
People Data Pack .
1Turnover presents the proportion of the Stockland workforce that has exited in the last 12 months. Rolling turnover is calculated by dividing [Total number of exits in the last 12
months] by [12-month average headcount]. All turnover data (including headcount) excludes those employed on a casual or fixed  term basis.
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Diversity and inclusion
Stockland is committed to enhancing the diversity of
our workforce and building on our inclusive culture.
Our Management Approach to Diversity and Inclusion
outlines our approach.
Diversity and inclusion continues to be a key driver for
engagement and retention. The diversity and inclusion
measure in the Our Voice survey remained stable at
85.67 per cent and is five per cent above the Australian
national norm.
In FY20 we designed and introduced a D&I Index,
demonstrating our continued focus on improving D&I
measurement and tracking success in this important area.
The D&I Index is made up of weighted D&I metrics across
gender,  wellbeing,  LGBTI+,  flexibility  and cultural  inclusion.
Index targets were agreed at Executive Committee and
at Board level, and form part of Stockland’s Corporate
Balanced  Scorecard.  In FY20  our D&I Index  score  was 96.26.
Gender diversity
We have strong and long-standing support for gender
equity, and are committed to maintaining a culture
where we encourage and support career development and
advancement of all genders . During FY20 our Managing
Director has continued advocating for gender equity in
the property industry as a member of the Property Male
Champions of Change group. We were recognised for
the sixth consecutive year as an Employer of Choice for
Gender Equality by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency
for our active commitment to achieving gender equity in
the workplace.
In FY20 we supported seven employees through our
Senior Women’s Sponsorship program. These employees
were partnered with an Executive Committee member
who coaches and mentors them for 18 months.
This program continues to create career growth and
promotion opportunities.
Our first cohort of employees completed the Accelerate-
Development program in FY20. Seven employees
completed the program, which included on the job
training and formal education through Property Council
of Australia, providing participants with a career pathway
into the Development  job family  for those  currently  working
in another area of the business.During FY20 we updated our ‘ What Stockland Expects
from its Suppliers ’ policy to influence  and improve the
diversity and inclusiveness of our supply chain. Suppliers
tendering for business with Stockland now need to include
a number of diversity and inclusion, human rights and
Indigenous employment proof points in their submissions.
Partners with aligned diversity and inclusion policies will
be given preference. The new policy was shared with all
suppliers by our CEO and Managing Director.
Women in management
As part of our D&I scorecard we set targets for
Women in Management (45-50%), Women in Senior
Management (42-47%) and Women in Leadership Team
(40-45%). In FY20 we met our Women in Management
target with 46.7% women in this category. 
Rate of return from parental leave
Our rate of return from parental leave within the 12-month
period was 84 per cent in FY201 and the number of men
taking parental leave continues to increase year-on year.
In FY20, 24% of employees who took parental leave were
male. More details are provided in our People Data Pack .
Staying connected with employees during parental leave
is an important way we support return to work rates, and
through our Keeping in Touch events we invite those on
leave  back  to their  workplace.  In these  sessions  we provide
important business updates and transition to work advice.
Gender pay equity
We aim to achieve gender pay equity within roles by
considering  an individual’s  positioning  against  the relevant
market benchmark and comparing gender outcomes. This
analysis is shown in the gender pay equity ratio table in
the People Data Pack. Our target is for a gender pay equity
ratio  of 100 per cent  plus  or minus  three  per cent  across  the
company.  This means  that males  and females  would  be paid
the same  for performing  similar  roles,  with  a small  variance
to allow  for different  levels  of experience  and other  factors.
Using the gender pay equity ratio overcomes the limitation
of measuring pay equity based solely on average fixed  pay
by job band, which ignores different  market values placed
on different  jobs.
Cultural diversity
In our annual  Our Voice  survey,  respondents  can voluntarily
select the cultural group they identify with. In FY20, 2%
of employees identified  as being Australian Indigenous or
Torres Strait Islander and 30% identified  with a cultural
background other than Australian.
More information on our Reconciliation Action Plan
and other initiatives related to Indigenous rights and
employment is provided in our Human Rights Deep Dive .
1Some people extended their leave, which accounts for a proportion of those who did not return. It includes those who ceased employment and those who extended leave.
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Employee advocacy groups (EAGs)
Our EAGs help drive our Diversity and Inclusion strategy.
This section focuses on the key achievements of each of
the EAGs in FY20. More information on the objectives and
composition of our EAGs is provided in Our Management
Approach to Diversity and Inclusion .
Gender Equity
•Launched our updated Domestic and Family Violence
Policy to include uncapped leave for employees
impacted  by DFV or supporting  a member  of their  family/
household, as well as a range of flexible  work options.
We ran a 16 Days of Activism to end Gender-Based
Violence  leadership-led campaign to raise awareness of
the prevalence of DFV and to promote the support we
provide our people.•Introduced ‘Celebrating female leadership’ speaker
series with events held in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne
and Perth.  We hosted  leaders  from  outside  our industry,
within the property industry and Stockland female
leaders. Speakers shared their leadership journeys
and the gender challenges they have experienced and
navigated throughout their careers. Employees of all
genders attended the events, which were hosted by our
Group Executive, People and Culture.•Delivered two CEO sponsored focus groups and seven
interviews with key emerging females to understand
the gender experience for Stockland employees. A
key finding  was that supplier/partner relationships can
sometimes be an area where females experience some
form of harassment or unfair discrimination. To help
address this issue, in FY20 we launched our updated
‘What Stockland Expects from its Suppliers’ policy,
with minimum supplier requirements for diversity
and inclusion.
Flexibility
•Continued  our focus  on embedding  One Simple  Thing  for
flexibility,  with  78%  of employees  reporting  they  worked
flexibly  pre-COVID-19•Refreshed tools and guidelines to help support
employees working flexibly  during COVID-19
containment and recovery, including remote working
tips;  updated  Flexibility  Principles,  Flexibility  Guidelines
for Managers and Flexibility Guidelines for Employees;
and Team  Blueprint  to support  teams  develop  new ways
of working. Team Blueprint is an activity to help teams
to develop their own team ‘flexibility  handrails’ that
address their productivity, wellbeing and priorities.•Raised awareness of the benefits  and challenges of
flexible  work during Flex in Feb . Our focus this year was
‘caring for carers’. During the month we highlighted the
benefits  of working flexibly  and balancing non-parentalcaring responsibilities e.g. for an elderly relative, or to
manage your own sickness.
Wellbeing, accessibility and cultural inclusion
•Partnered with our CARE Foundation Partners R U
OK?, ReachOut and Redkite to share strategies and
advice on wellbeing through events, virtual seminars
and communications throughout the year.•Supported the 30 Days of Wellbeing campaign
during COVID-19.•82 employees attended Ways to Wellbeing face-
to-face seminars hosted by The Wellbeing Outfit,
and approximately 400 employees attended virtual
webinars during June 2020 focusing on resilience
during COVID-19.•Celebrated cultural diversity through employee story
telling and communication opportunities including
Harmony Day.•Participated in the Stepping Into program, a paid
internship program designed specifically  for university
students with disability. In FY20 we supported three
Stepping Into interns.
LGBTI+
•Demonstrated Stockland’s public support for LGBTI+
by embedding inclusivity into external customer facing
communications  and introducing  a rainbow  logo  on days
of significance  on corporate communications channels.•Increased employee awareness and understanding
of LGBTI+ issues, providing employees with ways
to demonstrate support through communications,
events and days of significance  (Wear it Purple Day,
Mardi Gras).•Built the LGBTI+ Ally network to over 210 employees.•Implemented policy updates and changes to employee
surveys to include more LGBTI+ inclusive language.
Promoted LGBTI+ inclusion online training module,
completed by 499 employees in FY20.•Achieved Bronze Status in the 2020 Australian
Workplace Equality Index survey, which helps
benchmark  LGBTI+  inclusive  practice.  We increased  our
score by 22 points from last year (116/200 in 2020 vs.
94/200 in 2019).
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Culture and capability
In FY20 we rolled out our culture program, Strengthening
Stockland, making good progress on our integrated
program of work across leadership, structure, capability,
processes and systems. This program focused on assisting
the business  to build  on a cultural  foundation  of collegiality,
care  and passion  to build  greater  innovation,  accountability
and faster decision-making. Strengthening Stockland was
refocused into a temporary program called Leading the
Recovery during COVID-19, providing practical support
to employees and leaders during a time of disruption
and change.
Stockland capability masterplan
In FY20 we built a capability masterplan to define  the
specific  capabilities required of our people to deliver
on our strategic priorities. The masterplan helps to
articulate the broad capabilities (leadership, business,
self and technical) employees need to develop in order
to successfully deliver our strategy and then defines  the
specific  capabilities needed by job family (Development,
Asset Management and Project Management).
Blended leadership development
While traditional Stockland leadership training and
development  delivered  in person  remains  a core  capability,
in FY20 we shifted our focus to providing learning
opportunities to key leadership groups with three design
principles in mind:
1. Practical  learning  that can be built  into the flow  of work;
2. Multi-modal learning that supports a range of learning
styles; and
3. Peer opportunities to learn from each other
With these principles in mind we developed and launched
Leader  Zone,  an online  learning  resource  hub with  practical
tools and guides to help employees to lead themselves,
others and teams across Stockland. The tools focus
on Stockland’s key organisational capabilities, reinforce
Stockland’s values, and provide practical learning to
support people through their real work challenges. All
team members in Stockland can access the Leader Zone.
It is available 24/7 and promotes self-service, and self-
directed learning.
Since launching in March 2020 there have been 7542
employee visits to Leader Zone and 326 unique viewers.
We have also launched Leader Zone Live interactive
facilitated webinars to complement the self-service online
tools, providing opportunities to practice and refine  skills.
Leading  Real  Conversations  was the first interactive  module
offered  in June 2020, designed to support our managers
through the challenging conversations they were required
to facilitate due to the disruptive nature of COVID-19.Systems training
During FY20 targeted training has been conducted with
employees to support the digitisation of our workforce
through CORE Systems. The CORE Systems replacement
project is a strategic priority for Stockland, creating a
digital backbone for future transformation. To be ready
for its successful launch in FY21, team members were
required to engage with high levels of systems learning,
a major investment of time. In the last quarter of
FY20 all employees were provided base level training or
communication support to ensure they were prepared for
the implementation  of the CORE  Systems  Project.  Other  key
users (such as Finance or Leasing teams) were provided
with in-depth training. Training was delivered through a
combination of e-Learning and facilitated virtual learning
as well as refresher  sessions  close  to ‘Go-Live’.  Training  was
tailored to each individual role, based on key processes
that were changing within the system.
Graduate development
Our Graduate Program aims to create a diverse pipeline of
potential future leaders to inject new ways of thinking
into Stockland. In FY20, 16 new graduates joined the
two-year rotation program, bringing the total number
of graduates to 34. The Stockland Graduate Program
includes on the job training and structured formal learning
scheduled  across  24 months  to build  capabilities  including
innovation,  collaboration,  business  writing,  self-leadership
and personal style to reflect  our corporate values. The
learning program also includes a career planning element
designed to support graduates to move into other roles at
Stockland after completing their Graduate Program. In
FY20 Stockland was ranked 21st in the AFR Top 100
Graduate Employers, moving up six places from FY19.
Risk and compliance
We continue to protect and support the success of our
stakeholders and communities by ensuring compliance
and strong employee risk behaviours at all levels. During
the year, workshops were held with senior leaders to
discuss key culture shifts, including learnings from other
industries. Across the business high levels of compliance
with mandatory compliance training requirements were
maintained (see our Health, Safety and Security Deep
Dive  for more information).
9 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
SUPPORTING EMPLOYEES THROUGH THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC
When government restrictions were put in place across
the country to control the spread of COVID-19, we knew
our employees’ wellbeing would be impacted. We were
determined  to help  them  remain  well and productive  during
this very difficult  time as well as maintain our strong
organisational culture.
Many employees were working remotely and others were
at our assets supporting our residents and tenants.
Some of our people were caring for their children, home
schooling while working. Others are were on their own,
feeling isolated, pressured or lonely. Some employees
were concerned about their financial  situation, including
job security, and cases of Domestic and Family Violence
increased  in the community.  In addition,  our 2020  Our Voice
results told us that the number of people who indicated
they felt anxious at work had increased to 54 per cent.
The right technology in place
Prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we had
already provided the majority of our employees with
technology devices and applications that increased their
mobility  and flexibility.  This was instrumental  in the smooth
transition to remote working and increased employee
engagement  during  the COVID-19  government  restrictions.
To build on this, we fast-tracked the implementation of
Microsoft Teams, rolling it out to 100% of employees
within 14 days. Microsoft Teams helped our people remain
connected and enabled them to collaborate effectively.
We also created a range of tools to support employees
working flexibly,  including manager and employee guides
to flexible  and remote working.
Open, two-way communications
From March 2020 to the end of June, regular employee
virtual live events were held with our Executive Committee
providing updates on the current situation and spending
time answering employee questions.
Focusing on safety and wellbeing
We launched 30 Days of Wellbeing in April 2020, led by
our Wellbeing EAG Executive Committee sponsor, Louise
Mason, Group Executive & CEO of Commercial Property.
During the month we shared hints, tips and experiences
to help support the physical and mental health of our
people. We partnered with our CARE Foundation partners
R U OK? and ReachOut,  as well as The Wellbeing  Outfit  (our
wellbeing  training  provider)  to hold  virtual  seminars  and to
develop educational content.A webinar hosted by Louise Mason, Ashley De Silva, CEO
of ReachOut Australia, and Katherine Newton, CEO of R
U OK? outlined the important work both charities do to
support people with mental health challenges. Ashley
and Katherine shared some of the things they have been
responding to, the communities they’ve been supporting
and practical tips and advice on managing mental health
and wellbeing. They discussed the uncertainty COVID-19
has brought and the importance of staying connected,
listening to others and providing support to our families,
our colleagues and our staff  over the coming months.
As we started to move toward the recovery phase of
COVID-19 we were aware employees would now be feeling
anxious about the return to the office.  The Wellbeing
Outfit  hosted  virtual  seminars  with  our employees,  offering
strategies for better mental health and resilience.
Leading the Recovery
Our people managers are critical in leading our response
to COVID-19 and protecting the safety and wellbeing of
customers, communities and their teams.
To help support our people managers to lead during this
time  we developed  a program  called  Leading  the Recovery,
including tools, resources and learning experiences for
managers, leaders and employees.
This program  provided  support  for our leaders  as we moved
from Containment to Recovery in having conversations
about flexible  work, performance reviews, wellbeing and
setting priorities.
In addition we wanted to leverage the learning from
COVID-19 and accelerate improvements in our culture.
Leadership seminars were held including:
•Leading real conversations – to support managers in
having difficult  conversations.
•Leadership  during  turbulence  – to reframe  the crisis  and
proactively create the future.
•Leading the recovery – to lead during volatility,
uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity.
•Team Blueprint – to help develop ways of working to
support wellbeing, productivity and business priorities.
To support these live seminars, we packaged together a
range  of leadership  tools  and resources  to help  support  our
people. All these tools and resources were made available
on Leader Zone, our online virtual learning site.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
10 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
STANDING TOGETHER AGAINST DOMESTIC AND FAMILY VIOLENCE
Given the prevalence of domestic and family violence,
there is no denying it has an impact on our workplace
and our people. Stockland is committed to ensuring a safe
and inclusive working environment, and this extends to
supporting employees if they are experiencing Domestic
and Family Violence.
Stockland has practical support in place for employees
who  experience  domestic  and family  violence  to help  assist
them to stay in the workplace and maintain economic
independence, which is a critical predictor of whether
someone experiencing domestic and family violence will
leave a violent relationship.
Employees experiencing domestic and/or family violence
can access special leave to support their circumstances.
In FY20 we updated our policy from 10 days leave annually
to uncapped leave for employees who are experiencing
domestic or family violence or supporting an affected
member of their family/household. This leave is critically
important to victims so they can seek medical or legal
assistance, attend court appearances or counselling,
relocate or make other safety arrangements. In addition,
we support employees who are victims to utilise alternate
start and finish  times, work from a different  location and
make changes to work email and telephone details.First responders
A group of employees from across the country are
trained as First Responders to domestic and family
violence,  completing  a program  provided  by the University
of New South Wales. This program aims to respond
to situations where employees are victims and/or
perpetrators of family violence, manage inappropriate
behaviours in the workplace, and balance organisational
and individual needs.
If a manager has someone in their team impacted by
family or domestic violence, they can reach out to a First
Responder  for guidance  and support.  A First  Responder  will
be able to:
•respond appropriately to disclosures and safely
support employees who are victims of domestic
and family violence by explaining our policy and
response framework;•respond to inappropriate behaviours in the workplace;•manage employees who are perpetrators of domestic
and family violence;•balance  organisational  needs  with  individual  needs;  and•refer to appropriate services to assist employees who
are affected  by domestic and family violence.
Campaign to raise awareness of the impact of DFV on
the workplace
From 25 November to 10 December 2019 Stockland
supported the 16 Days of Activism to end Gender-Based
Violence , an international campaign established by the
first Women's Global Leadership Institute. This campaign
was aimed at raising awareness amongst employees of the
impact  DFV has on the workplace,  our new policy  to support
employees and their family members, and how employees
can support victims of DFV.
We asked our employees to stand together against
domestic and family violence. There was a range of
communications across the 16 days, including employee
communications and external communications on our
social media channels, all led by our leadership team and
Gender Equity EAG.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
11 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Health, Safety and Security
Why this is important to Stockland
Stockland takes great responsibility and care for the
health, safety and security of its customers, contractors
and employees. Stockland’s health, safety and security
practices are embedded in its culture and we will continue
to foster a culture where health, safety and wellbeing are
core values and continuous improvement of our safety
performance is part of our normal business practice.
At Stockland we believe that a strong and enduring
commitment to the health, safety and security of our
customers and employees will result in optimal business
performance.  We are committed  to delivering  communities
and assets where our employees, tenants, residents,
customers and suppliers always feel safe.
This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website. Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured . The material in this Deep Dive
is supported by a wider collection of performance metrics
contained in our People Data Pack .
This Deep  Dive  is to be read  in conjunction  with  our published
approach to health, safety and security, available as part
of our sustainability reporting suite at Our Management
Approach to Health, Safety and Security . An update on
our employee wellbeing initiatives during FY20 is provided
in Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and
Inclusion Deep Dive.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Received 47 submissions nationally from contractors
and consultants for our second annual Stockland
National Sights On Safety Award, focusing on plant
rollover, service strike and height safety.•Hosted the Safety Month@Stockland campaign during
November 2019 on the theme of ‘The Moments That
Matter’, raising safety awareness and showcasing the
safety achievements of our business.•Completed an external review of our operational
risk audit and assurance framework with a view
to continually improving the application of the
audit framework.
•Continued the focus on Stockland’s cyber security
posture to protect infrastructure and digital
assets, including roll-out of mandatory two-factor
authentication and the introduction of automated
monitoring to detect and proactively mitigate threats.•Increased user awareness and training on
cyber security.
Submissions received
47
FY20 National Sights on Safety Awards
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 targets and progress
Enrich our value chain
Focus area FY20 priorities FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Provide a safe
environment for
all stakeholdersDefine  forward looking deep
dive approach aligned to Sights
On SafetyAligned our deep dive approach
with Sights On Safety, focusing
on analysis of high risk areas
within Stockland and our broader
industry. Focused on travelators
and bushfires  deep dives, in
addition to the initial focus on
plant rollovers, service strikes and
height safety.Achieved Evolving Sights On Safety by adopting
a deep dive approach to high risk
areas across all asset classes (e.g.
hazardous materials).
Driving emergency and business
continuity,  planning  and preparedness
(e.g. COVID-19, bushfires
and cyclones).
Evolve Stockland’s Sights On
Safety brand and expand its
focus across from development
assets to operational assets as
well as internal employee safety
awareness initiativesDeveloped ‘Recommended
Standards & Practices; in the
areas of plant rollovers and
service strikes.
Hosted events across our
development projects nationally,
focusing on height safety
‘Recommended Standards &
Practices’ from June to August 2019Achieved
Expanded Sights On Safety to our
operational assets with the launch
of the height safety ‘Recommended
Standards & Practices’, travelator
deep dive, general awareness
initiatives, employee injury video
and Safety Week campaign focus.In progress
Continuously
improve our
health and
safety
management
system and
performanceReview our health and safety
management systemEngaged a Work Health and Safety
(WHS) consultancy to conduct
a desktop review of our WHS
risk management system against
WHS legislative requirements.
Verification  of how our system
is applied at the asset and
project level has been deferred
until a more suitable time post
COVID-19 recovery.In progress
Review and simplify
fundamental Operational
Risk procedures including
contractor management and
incident managementContinued to work through the
review  and update  of all Operational
Risk procedures with priority given
to fundamental risk processes such
as contractor management, permit
to work and incident management.In progress Complete all updates and changes
inclusive  of recommendations  from  the
recently completed WHS consultancy
review .
Reviewing and streamlining the
Operational Risk Audit & Assurance
program including the scope of
audit parameters.
Rebrand and relaunch
the Operational Risk
Integrated Management System
intranet pageCommenced work to transition
the Group Risk intranet site
to SharePoint.
Progressed the rebranding of
the Operational Risk Integrated
Management System intranet page,
due to be relaunched in 2020
following development and final
design of the SharePoint site.In progress
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Enrich our value chain
Focus area FY20 priorities FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Reduce cyber
security related
risksStrengthen Stockland’s cyber
security postureRolled out mandatory employee
cyber security training, followed up
with regular vulnerability testing.
Deployed multifactor
authentication and conditional
access to further protect against
unauthorised  access  to information.
Implemented a Security
Information  and Event  Management
(SIEM) system.
Integrated alerting into service
management  processes  and tooling
for higher level of automation
and efficiency.
Reported two sets of notifiable
data breaches to the regulator,
Office  of the Australian Information
Commissioner  (OAIC).  The regulator
confirmed  in both instances it
was satisfied  with Stockland's
response to the breaches and
closed the matters.Achieved
Achieved
Achieved
AchievedExtending integrated Security
Information and Event Management
system monitoring and alerting to
additional Stockland systems in order
to improve threat detection and
response capabilities.
Implementing Document Rights
Management for business document
classifications  and access control
to reduce risks associated to
data loss and to ensure that
confidential  business data is
appropriately secured.
Implementing third-party access
controls at Stockland assets to
help prevent cyber security related
incidents potentially impacting
Stockland's business.
Creating scenario-driven incident
response processes tailored to
Stockland’s cyber target operating
model and processes and simulating
these scenarios with key stakeholder
groups to reduce cyber incident
response and resolution times.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance and case studies
With  the devastating  bushfire  season  across  Australian  and
the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, FY20 has been a year
of unprecedented events. Our priority has remained the
health, safety and wellbeing of our employees, customers
and contractors. Throughout the year we have responded
with strength to these challenging events and have
continued to evolve our systems and process to provide
safe physical and digital work environments.
Employee health and safety
Fatalities and Lost time injuries
Our performance  reflected  the results  of our ongoing  focus
on contractor  and employee  safety  management  practices.
In FY20  we achieved  zero  fatality  and life changing  injuries  in
our business,  which  was consistent  with  the previous  years.
We also maintained a low lost time injury frequency rate
(LTIFR)(3.4  in FY20),  a reflection  of our continuous  focus  on
injury prevention in line with our LTIFR improvement plan.
More health and safety metrics are provided in the People
Data Pack .
Health and safety initiatives
Sights On Safety
The Sights On Safety (SOS) initiative was implemented
in 2016, working collaboratively with our external
contractors, consultants and stakeholders across our
development projects to focus on safety priorities. In
FY20 the SOS program has continued to focus on the
implementation of the plant rollover and service strike
standards, along with the launch of the recommended
standards and practices for height safety. SOS has also
been expanded internally across our operational assets,
working  with  other  shopping  centre  operators  on travelator
incidents,  particularly  within  our Retail  Town  Centres.  With
the initial  focus  of SOS being  on our development  sites,  the
objective throughout FY20 was to evolve SOS, expanding
its focus to our operational assets as well as employee
safety initiatives. In FY20 this included the travelator deep
dive in Retail Town Centres, sharing an employee injury
video in Retirement Living, national Safe Work Month
campaign, and annual SOS awards (see below). To further
support the internal promotion of SOS, a dedicated Sights
On Safety team site was developed, providing Stocklandemployees  with  access  to SOS-related  content  on the work
completed  to date  and allow  for knowledge  sharing  of best
practice initiatives.
Stockland National Sights On Safety Award
In FY20 we held the Stockland National Sights On Safety
Award  for the second  consecutive  year  for our contractors,
consultants and stakeholders. The awards were presented
for implementation of “Sights On Safety Recommended
Standards and Practices” in our key focus areas: plant
rollover, service strike and height safety. The award
categories  this year  included:  Implementation  of SOS focus
area; best innovative solution to an identified  safety issue;
and best  overall  project  team  approach  to safety  to deliver
‘a better way’. We received 47 submissions nationally from
contractors and consultants and there were four winners
selected, including two joint winners in the category for
the best overall project team to deliver ‘a better way’.
The details of the winning entries have been shared with
all participants in our SOS initiative to facilitate broader
industry sharing on better safety practices.
Safe Work Month campaign
Stockland National Safe Work Month campaign was held
in November 2019. Our Safe Work Month initiatives are
hosted annually with the intent to raise safety awareness
and to showcase the safety achievements of our business.
Celebrating the successes of our safety achievements
further strengthens our safety culture and ensures that
safety awareness is embedded in our business.
As part of this year’s campaign, we distributed a range
of internal communications highlighting the importance of
safety across the business with a focus on SOS, travelator
safety, injury prevention and safety in the holiday season.
We shared a video story nationally featuring a Stockland
employee who experienced a life-changing injury earlier
in his career prior to joining Stockland. The intent of the
video was to raise safety awareness and to show the broad
impacts a workplace injury can have on someone’s life.
Retirement  Living  employees  shared  their  reflections  on the
video story in the context of their own roles. There were
high levels of engagement across the business during the
campaign,  which  has helped  in further  strengthening  of our
safety culture.
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Discharging our Work Health and Safety
obligations – contractor induction and asset
sign-in integration
Contractor management is a key focus area in our Work
Health and Safety (WHS) Risk Management Framework.
We require all contractors to be inducted before they
commence  work  on site,  which  is critical  for discharging  our
WHS  obligation  to provide  engaged  contractors  with  safety
information. As part of our ongoing review of contractor
management processes, we completed an integration of
our online contractor induction system with our asset
sign-in system (used to electronically track visitors at our
sites and communicate in an emergency).
By integrating these two systems, a contractor’s induction
status (i.e. current or expired) is automatically verified
at the sign-in point and contractors without a current
induction record are denied access to the site. In
addition, the system integration has delivered material
improvement  in time,  cost  and efficiency  in our Commercial
Property business, with asset teams no longer required to
manually verify contractor induction cards. Furthermore,
asset teams also have direct control of their site-
specific  induction content and can make any updates or
amendments directly in the system.
Ongoing review of Work Health and Safety
management system
Our Work Health and Safety (WHS) Risk Management
System forms part of our Stockland Risk Management
Framework. This system was developed in-house in
alignment with ‘Australian Standard 4801: Occupational
health and safety management systems’ and comprises
a series of policies, procedures, checklists and guides,
which collectively define  how we manage WHS risks at
Stockland.  In line with  our focus  on continual  improvement,
we periodically seek assurances from external legal and
WHS  consultancies  on the adequacy  of our system  and how
well it is applied  by our asset  and project  teams  (via sample
verification  audits). These independent assurances are in
addition to the regular internal reviews, deep dives and
audits undertaken by Stockland.
In FY20 we engaged a WHS consultancy to undertake a
gap analysis of our WHS risk management system against
WHS legislative requirements (i.e. WHS Act 2011, WHS
Regulations 2011 and relevant codes of practice). The
review was completed at a desktop level. Verification  of
how  our system  is applied  at the asset  and project  level  has
been deferred until a more suitable time in the COVID-19
recovery period .Operational risk audit and assurance
Our operational risk audit framework includes ongoing
risk audits across operational assets and development
projects conducted internally by the Group Risk team.
This audit program has been in place since 2014
and is designed as a mechanism to further embed
our operational risk management systems, identify
improvement opportunities, and identify risk areas that
require a national ‘deep dive’ focus. Our operational risk
audits cover compliance against our internal Work Health
and Safety Operational Risk Management System (ORMS)
which is a set of policies, procedures, guidelines and
training  developed  to actively  manage  our Work  Health  and
Safety (WHS) risks.
In FY20 our audit program was reviewed by a WHS
consultancy with a view to continually improve the
application of the audit framework. We also continued
with the focus on closing out current audit findings  for
Workplace  & Logistics,  Retail,  Retirement  Living  (including
Association Villages), Completed Homes, Medium Density
and Residential Land Developments. Ultimately, the
application of the operational risk audit and assurance
framework ensures that we continue
to actively monitor and improve our risk position.
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Risk aware culture
Our Group Risk Training Strategy was introduced to
further develop and strengthen a group-wide risk aware
culture.  The Group  Risk Training  Strategy  encompasses  two
distinct elements:
•Mandatory  Employee  Training  – all Stockland  employees
must complete this mandatory training, regardless of
their position. Mandatory training is auto assigned
to new starters and includes Stockland policy
requirements (e.g. Code of Conduct, Media Policy
etc.) and regulatory obligations (e.g. Work Health
and Safety, Equal Opportunities, Privacy). Overdue
Mandatory Employee Training is reported monthly to
all business unit leadership teams.•Targeted  Risk Based  Training  – our approach  to targeted
risk based training includes three key elements:
•Critical roles – identifying roles accountable for
the day-to-day management of risk and compliance
at Stockland•Critical capabilities – identifying core competencies
required to facilitate the management of risk and
compliance at Stockland•Training requirements – developing and
implementing the training curriculum to support the
critical capabilities.
Our training strategy has been progressively implemented
since its inception and has been supported by
enhancements in our online delivery platforms (Success
Factors  Learning  Management  System)  and enhancements
in our in-house online development capabilities. All risk
based  training  (face-to-face  and online)  is coordinated  and
tracked through the Success Factors platform, allowing
timely reporting and monitoring of training completions.
This in turn allows us to demonstrate the discharge of our
statutory  requirement  to provide  staff  with  risk information
and training. Whilst COVID-19 has had an impact on
our ability to deliver face-to-face training (due to travel
restrictions), it has not impacted our overall strategy,
which remains sound.Customer safety and security
Our approach to customer safety and security comprises
a combination of physical security measures, monitoring/
surveillance systems, and systems for notification,
awareness and training. More detail on this approach is
provided  in Our Management  Approach  to Health,  Safety
and Security.
Travelator deep dive – non-slip coating
We completed a deep dive into travelator risks across
the retail portfolio. Following the review, we piloted a
new-to-market travelator non-slip coating at our Green
Hills  Retail  Town  Centre  (NSW)  over  four months,  which  was
identified  as a potential primary control strategy to reduce
the rate of travelator  slips.  A trial period  was completed  and
our data analysis found no further slip incidents occurring
on the coated travelators since applying the coating in
August  2019.  Given  the success  of the trial,  non-slip  coating
will be applied on high risk travelators across all our retail
assets in FY21.
In addition, the deep dive into travelator incidents led to
the establishment of an industry working group led by
Stockland. The intent of the working group was to review
industry  wide  travelator  risks  (following  our internal  review
of travelator incidents and feedback we received from
our peers around similar risks they face) and to work
collectively with industry service providers to define  best
practice controls.
The working group has subsequently
developed a Sights On Safety infographic
summarising industry-endorsed best
practice measures designed to help reduce
the likelihood and consequence
of travelator incidents.
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Updates to strategies
and guidelines
Permit to Work system review
Stockland’s Permit to Work system has been in place for
almost 10 years and applies nationally to all Stockland
engaged  contractors  (except  for principal  contractors  who
manage their own high risk work approvals). Stockland’s
Permit to Work system applies to the following high
risk work activities: working at heights, hot works,
asbestos works, mobile cranes, building maintenance
units, penetrations (e.g. excavation works), expanded
polystyrene, and electrical works.
In FY20  we commissioned  our external  legal  partners  and a
WHS consultancy to undertake a comprehensive review of
our permit to work processes. Following these reviews,
several enhancements were made to the procedural
application of the system as well as individual permit
requirements. The review also led to the introduction of
the electrical  work  permit  (previously  managed  outside  the
permit system) and the consolidation of similar permit
processes (e.g. roof access and working at heights).
Operational representatives involved in the permit review
process ensured the system is user friendly.
A new online training module has also
been developed, which will be deployed
in July 2020.Cyber security
Data safety is an integral part of the overall working
environment and there have been several measures put
in place in order to protect Stockland’s business and
employees from cyber security related threats.
As we continue to digitise our business and
enable digital services for our customers,
protecting the information and the
privacy of our customers has become
increasingly important.
During FY20 Stockland strengthened our cyber security
posture by:
•rolling out mandatory employee cyber security training
on how to spot phishing email scams, followed up with
regular vulnerability testing, which involves sending
fake phishing emails to employees to measure training
effectiveness  and controls in place;•deploying multifactor authentication to further protect
against unauthorised access to information;•implementing a Security Information and Event
Management (SIEM) system to monitor and alert cyber
security  operations  staff  to suspicious  events  and trigger
investigations, including login attempts indicating
potential unauthorised access, malware detection and
remediation, as well as unusual data movements to
prevent data loss;•integrating  alerting  into service  management  processes
and tooling for higher level of automation and
efficiency;  and•proactive monitoring and investigations around data
breaches  outside  of Stockland’s  systems,  but potentially
impacting Stockland’s business and its employees.
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
COVID-19 RESPONSE
Since the COVID-19 outbreak took effect  we’ve continued
to monitor the global pandemic both at a national and
local  level  and respond  accordingly,  considering  the nature
of our employee base, customers and communities. Our
response has been guided by advice from the Federal and
State  governments  and the World  Health  Organisation.  The
key guiding principles of our response are based on:
•Managing the wellbeing and safety of our employees;•Managing the impact of this outbreak generally on
our operations across our assets/projects, customers,
residents, stakeholders and functions; and•Assessing  and managing  the financial  impacts  relating  to
this outbreak.
Our response strategies to date have included:
•Establishing governance protocols including a
pandemic working group and activating our Crisis
Management  team  to support  and guide  our operational
and strategic response.•Completing a review of our business continuity plans
and identified  priority  areas  requiring  dedicated  focus  to
address implications associated with COVID-19.•Recommending where possible that our people work
from  home  across  our four state  head  offices.  Subject  to
individual  state  restrictions  these  offices  remain  open  to
support  critical  activities  that cannot  be performed  in an
efficient  manner remotely.•Distributing specific  communications to our tenants,
contractors, suppliers and residents detailing our
response to COVID-19. In addition, we have used online
platforms including our website to communicate with
customers and other stakeholders.•Issuing hygiene kits comprising a set amount of
equipment  (e.g.  face  masks,  hand  wash,  hand  sanitiser,
gloves, etc.) to our frontline teams and offices.•Developing and deploying a bespoke COVID-19 safety
training course to all head office-based  staff.•Adopting business unit specific  controls across our
retirement villages (e.g. closure of communal facilities
such as swimming pools), retail centres, sales offices,
Workplace & Logistics assets.
As government-imposed restrictions have begun to
progressively  ease  in some  states  since  May/June  2020,  we
continue to monitor changes and work with our respective
businesses and key stakeholders to ensure adequate
safety controls (including social distancing and hygiene
measures) are in place to accommodate these changes.
Bespoke COVID-19 online training module launched to all
staff  in May 2020.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
9 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Health, Safety and Security Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Human Rights
Why this is important to Stockland
In accordance with the UN Guiding Principles on Business
and Human Rights, we are committed to respecting and
promoting human rights consistent with the International
Bill of Rights  (including  the Universal  Declaration  of Human
Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights, and the International Covenant on Economic,
Social and Cultural Rights) and with the eight fundamental
Conventions of the International Labour Organisation.1 
We operate wholly within Australia, a country with
a long history of democratic government, judicial
independence and high standards of governance, and
with legislative regimes relating to human rights including
labour standards, privacy and non-discrimination. Our
commitment to both respect and promote human
rights underpins our business activities and stakeholder
relationships, and this is appropriately reflected  in
our human rights policies and procedures. We do not
tolerate behaviour that is in breach of the law or our
corporate policies.
This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website . Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards2(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
This Deep Dive is to be read in conjunction with our
published  approach  to human  rights,  available  as part  of our
sustainability  reporting  suite  at Our Management  Approach
to Human Rights.
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1These conventions address freedom of association, collective bargaining, forced labour, minimum age, worst forms of child labour, equal remuneration and discrimination
(employment and occupation).
2The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Human Rights Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Developed a property industry modern slavery supplier
assessment tool in collaboration with the Property
Council of Australia (PCA), industry experts and 14
other PCA member groups to strengthen the property
industry’s approach to human rights and other social
and governance  considerations  within  the supply  chain.•Updated and launched our What Stockland Expects
from its Suppliers  policy to include a greater focus on
sustainability, including diversity and inclusion, human
rights and Indigenous procurement and employment.•Partnered with the Australian Business Community
Network to sponsor eight Indigenous scholarships for
high school students, pairing them with Stockland
mentors. We have committed to providing a further
two scholarships to be announced at the end of 2020.•Procured over $2 million of goods and services from
Indigenous suppliers during 2020.•Developed  our first project-based  Reconciliation  Action
Plans at Stockland Baringa and Birtinya to support
local Indigenous peoples through the development and
operation  of our shopping  centres,  in particular  through
an indigenous employment program.•Increased our Australian Workplace Equality Index
Score to Bronze Status, receiving 116/200 points,
a 22% increase on our score from FY19, which
reflects  the efforts  made on our LGBTI+ inclusion and
diversity practices.•Recognised as Employer of Choice for Gender Equality
(WEGA) for the sixth year in a row, and ranked sixth on
Equileap’s Global Top 100 gender-equal companies.•Continued our commitment to inclusive play in
collaboration with Variety, our national community
partner, by completing the construction of one new
inclusive playspace at our Edgebrook (Vic) project and
approving a further two inclusive playspace designs
at Willowdale (NSW) and Minta (Vic) for construction
in FY21.•Continued  our commitment  to accessibility  by installing
Bindi Maps at several retail town centres including
Burleigh  Heads  (Qld),  Rockhampton  (Qld)  and Traralgon
(Vic). Bindi Maps has the potential to revolutionise the
shopping experience for the blind or vision-impaired by
providing  smart  phone  navigation  that guides  users  with
vision impairments to their destinations.•Delivered  28 per cent  of our Residential  Medium  Density
product to LHA (Livable Housing Australia) Silver level
design standard.
Ranked
6th
on Equileap’s Global Top 100
Improved score
22%
in Australian Workplace Equality Index
Procured goods and services
$2m
from Indigenous suppliers during 2020
 
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Human Rights Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 targets and progress
Enrich our value chain
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Modern Slavery Develop  Modern  Slavery  Act (MSA)
Statement and continue to work
with our supply chain to progress
our group-wide response to MSA.Developed a property industry
modern slavery supplier
assessment tool in collaboration
with the Property Council
of Australia.
Mapped and assessed Stockland
supply chain for modern slavery
risk potential.
Drafted inaugural Modern Slavery
Act Statement.In progress Continue to engage with internal
and external stakeholders and with
industry experts and peers and
experts to evolve our response to
modern slavery.
Complete annual assessment of
100 per cent of Categories A and
B suppliers.
Require all suppliers to formally
acknowledge  ‘What  Stockland  Expects
of its Suppliers’ policy as part of our
supplier on-boarding process.
Establish modern slavery-related
key performance indicators for
key management personnel and
other employees.
All employees to complete modern
slavery awareness training.
Identify trends across our supplier
base to develop collaborative
improvement opportunities.
Reconciliation Draft and commence
implementation of our next
Innovate Reconciliation Action
Plan (RAP) FY20-22.Reinvigorated the Stockland
Reconciliation Working Group led
by Executive Sponsor (Group
Executive, People & Culture).
Collaborated across key internal
stakeholders to draft our second
Innovate RAP in partnership with
Reconciliation Australia.
Held a Stockland all-
employee virtual event for
National Reconciliation Week
during COVID-19.In progress Launch and implement Stockland’s
second  Innovate  Reconciliation  Action
Plan in FY21 to deepen our
understanding of shared histories,
cultures and achievements and
explore ways we can contribute to
reconciliation in Australia.
Further develop an indigenous
employment program on the
Sunshine Coast in FY20 in
partnership with the Australian
Retailers Association and
Sunshine Coast Council to
facilitate Indigenous employment
at our new shopping centres in
Baringa and Birtinya.Conducted two Retail Ready
programs targeted at Indigenous
participants at Stockland Baringa
and Birtinya (Qld).
Eight people participated in the
programs, with five ongoing job
placements achieved.
An additional two job placements
were  postponed  due to the effects
of the COVID-19 restrictions
in retail.Achieved
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Human Rights Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Enrich our value chain
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Reconciliation Continue our partnership with
Career Trackers to support
employment prospects of
Indigenous university students
through the provision of three
internships in FY20.Offered  three Career
Trackers internships.Achieved Provide at least one internship via
Career Trackers per year.
Develop a national Indigenous
culture and heritage significance
pathway to map areas
and artefacts of cultural
significance  at or surrounding our
residential communities.Prepared a cultural heritage
development pathway that will
enable us to better understand
cultural significance  and identify
opportunities to engage and
celebrate Indigenous cultures on
our projects.
Developed cultural heritage
management plans at projects
where we have identified
artefacts, including Bokarina
Beach (Qld) and Sovereign
Pocket (Qld).Achieved Identify opportunities to embed the
pathway in our development lifecycle
and roll out an education module to
raise employee awareness.
Accessibility Target construction of six new
inclusive play spaces across our
residential and retail portfolio
each yearConstructed Central ASD Park at
Edgebrook (Vic), due to open in
April,  however  was placed  on hold
due to COVID-19 restrictions and
will open in FY21.
Designed inclusive playspaces for
Stockland Shellharbour (NSW),
Merrylands (NSW) and Cairns
(Qld), however designs have
been placed on hold due to
COVID-19 restrictions.
Approved designs for Minta
(Vic) and Willowdale (NSW)
with construction to commence
in FY21.In progress Finalise current playspace designs for
approval  and installation  following  the
COVID-19 recovery.
Design all future playspaces in our
retail town centres for inclusion to
ensure  children  of all abilities  can play.
Deliver at least one inclusive
playspace in all residential
communities over 1000 lots.
Collate actions and
recommendations from our
Retail Town Centre accessibility
assessments and commence
planning for improvements
to customer amenity and
risk mitigation.Reviewed accessibility
assessments undertaken to date
and identified  key risks and
opportunities, with some actions
underway such as Bindi Maps and
sensory mapping of our Retail
Town Centres.In progress Identify key accessibility risks and
opportunities for inclusion in retail
centre asset plans.
Conduct accessibility assessment
at an additional four Retail Town
Centres during FY20 to ensure
our centres meet the needs of
shoppers of all abilities.Conducted an accessibility
assessment at Stockland Baldivis
(WA) and a sensory mapping
assessment at Stockland
Merrylands (NSW) to identify
areas of high sensory
stimulation in the centre in
support of customers on the
autism spectrum.
An accessibility assessment
planned for Stockland Cairns
(Qld) was postponed due to
COVID-19 restrictions.In progress Conduct accessibility assessments at
an additional two retail town centres
in FY21 to ensure our centres meet the
needs of shoppers of all abilities.
Pilot a sensory assessment at two
retail town centres to identify areas of
high sensory stimulation and improve
the customer experience of people
who live with autism.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Human Rights Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Enrich our value chain
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Accessibility Extend Bindi Maps to at least
two retail town centres in
FY20 to enhance the level of
support provided for people with
vision impairmentsInstalled Bindi Maps at
Stockland Burleigh Heads (Qld),
Stockland Rockhampton (Qld)
and Stockland Traralgon (Vic).Achieved Extend Bindi Maps to at least two
additional  retail  town  centres  in FY21  to
enhance the level of support provided
for people with vision impairment
shopping in our centres.
Achieve a minimum LHA Silver
standard (design certified)  for
20 per cent of our Townhomes
by FY20.Delivered 29 per cent of our
Townhomes product to meet LHA
Silver standard.Achieved Deliver a minimum of five per cent
of all new Stockland Townhouse
and Completed Homes to LHA Silver
standard  (and  up to 20 per cent  where
a demand for LHA homes has been
identified  through internal research).
Deliver a minimum of two
new display homes in all new
residential communities to LHA
Silver standard by FY20.Five display villages now include
LHA homes from a total of
14 display villages. Two LHA
homes were included in the
display villages at Altrove (NSW),
Willowdale  (NSW),  Aura  (Qld)  and
North Shore (Qld) and one LHA
home was included in the display
village at Mt Atkinson (Vic).
We are continuing to work on
programs with builders to deliver
LHA homes, helping them to see
the benefits  to their business over
the long term.In progress Deliver  a minimum  of one LHA certified
home  in each  display  village  with  fewer
than  20 lots,  and two homes  in display
villages with more than 20 lots.
Offer  LHA design options from
at least two builders in all new
residential communities by FY20.By the end of FY20, 10 out of our
14 display villages (71%) offer  LHA
design option.In progress
100% of Retirement Living
developments to achieve LHA
Silver standard (design certified).100% of homes at our newly
completed Newport Retirement
Village (Qld) were delivered to
LHA Silver level standard.Achieved Continue delivering 100% of
Retirement Living developments
to achieve LHA Silver standard
(design certified).
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Human Rights Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance and case studies
Corporate human rights
In FY20  we have  continued  activities  focused  on our human
rights  approach,  including  consideration  of modern  slavery
legislation. We have participated in industry awareness
sessions with the Property Council of Australia and Green
Building Council of Australia, as well as industry forums to
help  develop  industry  approaches  to address  human  rights.
We have continued to focus on building a diverse and
inclusive  culture  at Stockland  during  FY20.  Further  detailed
information can be found in the Employee Engagement,
Development, Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive .
Further  detailed  information  on the FY20  implementation  of
Strengthening Stockland, our organisation culture review
and integrated  program  of work  across  systems,  capability,
leadership, processes and structure, can be also found in
the Employee Engagement, Development, Diversity and
Inclusion Deep Dive.
Modern Slavery
In FY19 we undertook a Group-wide human rights issues
review  to better  understand  the potential  challenges  facing
our business  and to build  an understanding  of issues  within
the broader property sector. This review identified  our
supply chain as having the highest potential for human
rights risk. This highlighted the need to understand the
sourcing practices of our suppliers, to identify high-risk
products and geographies, and the intersection between
the two.
In April 2019 we established a Modern Slavery Working
Group to develop and implement our modern slavery
strategy,  and to manage  our various  initiatives  and ongoing
priorities relating to effectively  identifying and managing
modern  slavery  risks  and due diligence  activities  (including
managing our reporting obligation). Co-chaired by the
General Manager of Group Project Management and Direct
Procurement and the Group Risk Officer,  the Working
Group includes representatives from across the business
including Sustainability, Legal, Investor Relations, People
and Culture, Risk, Procurement and Operations.
During FY20 the Modern Slavery Working Group:
•mapped and assessed Stockland supply chain for
modern  slavery  risk potential,  categorising  our suppliers
into four priority assessment groups;•collaborated with Property Council of Australia and 14
other PCA member groups to develop a modern slavery
supplier assessment tool;•assessed 100 per cent of Category A suppliers for
modern slavery risk within their supply chain;•directly  engaged  with  450 suppliers  on supply  chain  and
human rights issues;•updated  ‘What  Stockland  Expects  from  our Suppliers ’
policy to emphasise human rights expectations; and•all relevant employees completed tailored modern
slavery awareness training.
Using our priority assessment categories, we issued the
supplier assessment tool to all our Category A suppliers
in FY20 as our primary due diligence approach. Of the
26 suppliers issued with the assessment, 100 per cent
undertook  the assessment  within  the tool.  All new Category
A suppliers are also required to complete the assessment
as part  of the contract  award  process.  The assessment  tool
asks suppliers to complete over 100 questions on modern
slavery. However, for our first year of assessment, we have
focused  on those  questions  regarding  awareness  of modern
slavery and the scope of policies regarding supply chain
transparency, and modern slavery and sub-contracting
activities. This has helped us establish a baseline for our
due diligence and has improved our understanding of how
we can support our suppliers and encourage continuous
improvement. More information on supplier engagement
activities  can be found  in our FY20  Supply  Chain  Deep  Dive .
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is having a devastating
human and economic impact across the world. In
June 2020, we assessed where and how the pandemic
may increase the vulnerability of workers within our
supply chain to modern slavery. The assessment indicated
that suppliers in the cleaning industry may have
significant  exposure  to increased  modern  slavery  risks  as a
result of COVID-19. For more details on our approach see
our Modern Slavery Statement . 
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Human Rights Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Reconciliation
In preparation for the launch of our new Innovate
Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) in early FY21, Stockland
has taken the time to review, rebuild and re-energise our
approach to reconciliation, including:
•Reinvigoration of the Reconciliation Working Group
(RWG) including the internal appointment of an
Executive sponsor and an external advisor, as well as
ensuring all areas of the business are represented.•Working closely with Reconciliation Australia and
extensive cross-business collaboration in the final
stages of drafting our new Innovate Reconciliation
Action  Plan  as we work  towards  our goal  of being  able  to
launch a Stretch RAP in FY23.•Renewal of our Supply Nation membership, with a RWG
sub-committee working on opportunities to maximise
this partnership in the future.•Developed  our first project-based  Reconciliation  Action
Plans at Stockland Baringa and Birtinya (Qld) to support
local Indigenous peoples through the development and
operation of our shopping centres.•Successful launch of our first national online
Reconciliation Week event hosted by our CEO, with
over 400 employees in attendance.
Accessibility and inclusion
Our Accessibility and Inclusion Strategy was developed to
respond  to the needs  of people  living  with  disabilities  within
and around our communities, and to further integrate
standards, such as those published by Livable Housing
Australia and Changing Places, across our portfolio
of assets.
Commercial Property
We remain focused on accessibility in our Commercial
Property portfolio, and over the past year we further
developed and utilised the Accessibility Scorecard piloted
in FY18.  An accessibility  assessment  was completed  during
FY20 at Stockland Baldivis (WA) and a second assessment
was scheduled  to be undertaken  at Stockland  Cairns  (Qld),
however this was cancelled due to COVID-19 restrictions.A key initiative in FY20 was the extension of the rollout
of Bindi Maps, an application-based way-finding  system
that uses beacon technology to assist people who live
with vision impairment to find their way around our retail
centres. Following successful first time installation at
Stockland Wetherill Park (NSW) in FY19, we installed Bindi
Maps in three additional retail town centres at Burleigh
Heads (Qld), Traralgon (Vic) and Rockhampton (Qld).
We have continued to progress the roll-out of inclusive
playspaces in our Retail Town Centres by developing
designs for several locations, however COVID-19 has
seen some projects deferred. Designs are advanced for
Stockland Shellharbour (NSW) and Stockland Merrylands
(NSW),  with  an independent  review  undertaken  by Variety,
our national community partner. Construction is expected
to commence in FY21.
Communities
Within our Communities businesses, we completed an
inclusive playspace at Edgebrook (Vic) and approved
designs for inclusive playspaces at our Willowdale (NSW)
and Minta  (Vic)  residential  communities  in partnership  with
our community partner Variety. The opening of Edgebrook
Central Park has been delayed due to COVID restrictions
and will open in FY21.
Twenty-one  per cent  of our Stockland-designed  residential
and Retirement Living built form product is certified  Silver
level LHA design standard. During FY20 we delivered 29
per cent of our residential Medium Density product to
Silver level LHA design standards, and five of our display
villages included LHA Silver level display homes. We also
offer  LHA designs in 10 of our display villages through our
builder partners, enabling customers to choose from a
range of accessible homes. Display villages offering  LHA
design include Altrove (NSW), Willowdale (NSW), Elara
(NSW), Calleya (WA), Aura (Qld), Foreshore (Qld), Kalina
(Qld), North Shore (Qld), Mt Atkinson (Vic), Vale (WA).
We have engaged with Stockland employees and builder
partners  to understand  the challenges  and level  of interest
in delivering LHA homes. We plan to conduct further
research to better understand the market for LHA homes
and assess how we best work with disability organisations
and the National Disability Insurance Scheme to deliver
accessible housing. We will then look at how we work
with stakeholders to raise awareness of the value and
opportunity provided by LHA product in the market.
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Human Rights Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Collective bargaining
We support the right to exercise freedom of association
and collective bargaining. In FY20 approximately four
per cent of our employees were covered by collective
bargaining agreements. These agreements contain
provisions for health and safety protections during
dispute and/or grievance processes and in some cases
contain commitments to maintain safe and healthy work
environments. More broadly, our Work Health and Safety
Policy  applies  to all employees  and provides  commitments
to a safe and healthy work environment.Corporate policies breaches
and grievances
We monitor  compliance  with  corporate  policies  and report
any breaches, as outlined below:
•Employee Conduct – There were 14 substantiated
breaches of our Code of Conduct in FY20, one breach
of the Fraud and Corruption Policy and one breach of
the Anti-Discrimination and Harassment Policy. These
breaches resulted in five terminations of employment
and nine formal warnings.•Privacy – There were two sets of notifiable  data
breaches reported to the regulator, Office  of the
Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). The
regulator confirmed  in both instances it was satisfied
with Stockland's response to the breaches and closed
the matters.•Grievances  – There were no formal grievances raised
in FY20.•Whistleblower – During FY20 we received two
anonymous concerns raised via our whistleblower
channel on Stockland’s website and another three
anonymous concerns on our internal “Tell Me”
channel. Three additional concerns were raised, one
anonymously through correspondance to members of
the Executive Committee, another by an escalation
from an employee and one via an anonymous call to
our Customer Contact Centre. These matters were all
investigated  and closed,  with  appropriate  actions  taken.
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Human Rights Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
HELPING OUR CUSTOMERS NAVIGATE A PATH TO INDEPENDENCE AND FREEDOM
In an Australian first,  Bindi Maps, a simple and affordable
way-finding  smartphone app, was launched at Stockland
Wetherill Park (NSW) in April 2019 to enable our vision-
impaired customers to independently and accurately
navigate their way around the centre.
Stockland has always been focused on accessibility in our
Retail Town Centres and actively seeks ways improve the
customer experience for people who live with disability.
Mobility,  orientation  and navigation  of retail  spaces  present
real challenges for many people who visit our centres,
particularly people with vision impairment.
While exploring opportunities to use technology to
improve the customer experience, we were introduced
to technology start-up, Bindi Maps, an innovative mobile
app that precisely locates a person in an indoor space and
guides them to their destination. Using Bluetooth beacons
installed  on the ceiling  throughout  a shopping  centre,  Bindi
Maps interacts with a smartphone to give helpful voice
commands,  identifying  the easiest  routes  to stores,  vertical
transport,  customer  care  and amenities  within  one metre  of
accuracy.  For the vision-impaired,  this technology  provides
independence and mobility.Following testing and positive user feedback during a Big
Day Out activation  involving  people  with  vision  impairment,
Bindi Maps has been in operation at Stockland Wetherill
Park since April 2019. This was the first major Australian
shopping centre to install Bindi Maps, and we have
since launched it at our centres in Burleigh Heads and
Rockhampton in Qld and at Traralgon in Vic, with plans to
roll it out across the portfolio in the future.
Bindi Maps user Ben testing the new wayfinding  technology
for the first time at Stockland Wetherill Park.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
9 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Human Rights Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
MODERN SLAVERY LENS PROVIDES GREATER VISIBILITY INTO CLEANING SERVICES
Across  Australia,  at our assets,  there  are over  350 cleaners,
in Stockland-branded uniforms, working for cleaning
service suppliers.
Our risk assessment has highlighted the cleaning services
sector as high risk for modern slavery. This is due to
the complexity of its contracting relationships, franchising
and sub-contracting practices. We have been proactively
managing the risk associated with outsourcing labour-
intensive and low-skilled work to third parties such
as cleaning for many years, and have a long-term
strategy focused on enabling safe, fair and equitable
working conditions.
We have engaged industry consultants to conduct
specialised due diligence processes to determine if our
cleaning services contractors are suitable partners for
Stockland. The due diligence approach includes the
assessment  of supplier  documentation,  conversations  with
the service contractor employees and key management
personnel, and site visits. These reviews have been
conducted on multiple occasions and occur alongside the
PCA assessment process.With  the onset  of the COVID-19  pandemic,  it is possible  that
the risk profile  of the cleaning services sector may have
increased in some instances. Cleaning has been deemed
an essential service under the COVID-19 lockdown and
the demand for cleaning services has rapidly increased,
and remains high, as a result. Accordingly, there may
be increased pressure on already vulnerable workers to
provide services under very difficult  working conditions,
thus increasing their risk of exploitation.
In response,  we are continuing  to reinforce  our requirement
to comply with Stockland's sub-contracting standards and
Supplier  Code  of Conduct  throughout  the pandemic.  During
this time, we have also gained a greater appreciation
for how contractors are managing modern slavery during
a period of heightened risk. For example, it has given
us the opportunity to: consider approaches to updating
work practices and reporting processes; assess training of
personnel; and secure critical supplies such as cleaning
chemicals and personal protective equipment.
Whilst  our due diligence  activities  are ongoing,  the process
has provided greater transparency throughout our supply
chain as we identify opportunities to work with our
contractors to address specific  risks. Pleasingly, we have
also found  several  of our larger  contractors  are conducting
their own due diligence activities for their sub-contractors
and suppliers.
We also have more visibility into how our contractors
are approaching payroll compliance. Amidst the current
media attention placed upon non-compliance, several
contractors have demonstrated an increased awareness
of the restrictions imposed through the cleaning award,
focusing on areas of concern such as award rates
paid, superannuation entitlements and hours worked
by employees.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
10 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Human Rights Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Supply Chain
Why this is important to Stockland
Every  year  we partner  with  hundreds  of suppliers  including
construction contractors, professional consultants, and
service providers. We work to build strong partnerships
with our suppliers such that they are motivated to
operate in a manner that is consistent with our values
and standards.
We are committed to responsible procurement and
sustainable supply chain management. We recognise that
having  a sustainable  supply  chain  is fundamental  to having
a sustainable business.
This Deep Dive document is a component of our
FY20 sustainability reporting suite, which is publicly
available on our website . Our sustainability reporting
is prepared in adherence to the International
Integrated Reporting Framework principles of materiality,
stakeholder responsiveness, reliability and completeness;
in accordance with the GRI Standards1(Comprehensive);
and is third party assured .
This Deep  Dive  is to be read  in conjunction  with  our published
approach to supply chain management, available as part
of our sustainability reporting suite at Our Management
Approach to Supply Chain .
Stockland's Sustainability Strategy
1The GRI Standards are global standards for sustainability reporting published by the Global Reporting Initiative (https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/)
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Supply Chain Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our key achievements
•Undertook a detailed mapping exercise of modern
slavery risk across our operations and supply chain and
undertook an assessment of our high-risk, high-spend
suppliers through the Property Council of Australia
Modern Slavery supplier survey tool.•Delivered  human  rights  training  to key procurement  staff
and made  the training  available  to key suppliers  through
the Supply Chain Sustainability School.•Undertook two pilot projects on built form construction
projects to better understand modern slavery risk
deeper within our supply chain.•Undertook third party compliance assurance of our
major  cleaning  service  contractors  including  a review  of
human rights issues.•Updated and launched our What Stockland Expects
from its Suppliers  policy to include a greater focus on
sustainability, including diversity and inclusion, human
rights and Indigenous procurement and employment.•Continued to collaborate with our suppliers to achieve
health, safety, environmental and quality outcomes,
including  through  our growing  Sights  on Safety  initiative
and annual awards to recognise the work undertaken
by suppliers and stakeholders to focus on safety
improvement within their organisation and work sites.•Continued  to improve  quality  processes  and procedures
delivered  through  our internal  Quality  Working  Group  in
collaboration with our construction supply chain.
Assessed for modern slavery
100%
high-risk, high-spend suppliers
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Supply Chain Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 targets and progress
Enrich our value chain
Focus area Target FY20 progress Status Future priorities
Collaborate with
our partners to
raise awareness
of sustainability
issues and
encourage
sustainable
procurement.Launch our policy ‘What
Stockland Expects from its
Suppliers’ with strategic
suppliers to communicate our
sustainability expectations.Launched updated policy to our
key suppliers through a series of
webinars and then communicated
to all suppliers through written
correspondence from our CEO.Achieved
Launch our procurement
management system, which
includes an increase in
sustainability objectives for
suppliers  (part  of our internal  Core
Systems program).Our procurement management
system is an integral part
of Stockland’s investment in
a new Enterprise Management
System.  The EMS  and procurement
management system has been
rescheduled for delivery in
early FY21.In progress Launch our procurement
management system, which
includes an increase in
sustainability objectives for
suppliers  (part  of our internal  Core
Systems program).
Undertake a gap analysis of
direct procurement practices
against the international standard
for Sustainable Procurement
ISO 20400.
Improve social and economic
outcomes for Aboriginal
and Torres Strait Islander
people through increased
indigenous procurement.
Compliance assurance including
human rights issues for selected
services contractsUndertook third party compliance
assurance of our major cleaning
service contractors, including a
review of human rights issues.
Cleaning contractors have been
identified  as our high-spend,  high-
risk for modern slavery service
within our operations.In progress
Identify and
address key
environmental,
social and
governance risks
in our supply
chain.Pilot the PCA Modern Slavery risk
assessment tool.Invited our high-spend, high-
modern slavery risk category
suppliers to participate in the PCA
Modern Slavery assessment tool.
100% of these suppliers
undertook the assessment and
many of our other suppliers
have also made their response
available to us through the
tool when responding to other
industry peers.Achieved Continue implementation of our
Modern Slavery Act response
strategy including broadening the
assessment of our suppliers to
progressively include Category B
(high modern slavery risk, low
spend) suppliers.
Progress the Materials supply
chain management pilot which
responds to the sustainability
strategy and incorporates key
learnings  from  the modern  slavery
pilots undertaken in FY19.
Run a supplier roadshow with our
strategic suppliers.Delivered supplier ‘roadshow’
as a series of webinars,
reaching over 450 of our key
suppliers. The webinar outlined
our sustainability, supply chain,
and health and safety strategies
and initiatives within the context
of our policy ‘What Stockland
Expects from its Suppliers’.Achieved
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Supply Chain Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 performance and case studies
Supply chain procurement overview
In FY20  we procured  over  $1.9 billion  of goods  and services  from  our direct  supply  chain,  which  consists  of over  3,660  active
suppliers. More information on how we categorise our suppliers and engage with them according to tier is provided in Our
Management Approach to Supply Chain .
Supplier tiering by spend
Category Tier definitionNumber of
suppliersSpend
($ Million) % of spend
Tier 1 Supply goods and services directly to Stockland 3,660 1,919 100
Critical Tier 1 Limited number of alternative suppliers of the good or
services they provide, and they are essential to meeting the
business objectives.16 350 18
Sustainability high-
risk suppliersTier 1 suppliers with a spend over $5 million per annum.153 942 49
1Classified  as sustainability  high-risk  suppliers  due to their  increased  risk of impacting  our ability  to meet  our business  objectives  relating  to finance,  health  and safety,  environment,
and human rights.
Supply chain framework and guidelines
Following the development of our supply chain framework in FY16 (summarised in the figure  below), we have been working
on our policy  titled  ‘What  Stockland  Expects  from  its Suppliers ’. This policy  spells  out key considerations  for our suppliers
(such  as health  and safety,  materials  and resource  use,  and local  employment),  organised  by the core  themes  of the supply
chain framework.
We engaged with our suppliers on the themes and initiatives that support our supply chain framework, such as our Sights
on Safety  initiative,  as well as emerging  issues  such  as modern  slavery.  We incorporated  feedback  from  these  engagements
into the policy throughout FY18-19. We communicated this policy in FY20 through various mediums, including written
correspondence to all suppliers from our Managing Director and targeted webinars on the policy for key suppliers.
Stockland supply chain framework
Governance & Management
Stockland seeks to work with suppliers who
are transparent and accountable in how they
do business. This includes complying with all
legislation and standards as well as acting
ethically in all their dealings with us and in
the marketplace.Environmental Impact
Stockland believes every organisation has
a responsibility to understand and manage
their environmental impacts. As such, we
seek to work with suppliers who have
sustainable procurement practices and
prioritise the use of sustainable materials.Health, Safety & Quality
Stockland provides a safe and healthy work
environment. We implement high standards
in health, safety and quality across our
operations  and expect  the same  standards  from
our suppliers.
Social Value
Stockland believes business can play a positive
role in society. We encourage our suppliers
to identify ways to positively contribute to the
communities in which we operate.Human Rights
Stockland respects and promotes safe, fair,
diverse and inclusive workplaces. We seek
to work  with  suppliers  who  have  appropriate
labour practices and consistent values.Innovation, Capability & Capacity
Stockland works collaboratively with suppliers
to achieve innovative and sustainable
outcomes. We seek to work with suppliers who
have proven capability and capacity to work
collaboratively to achieve better outcomes.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Supply Chain Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
We use the supply chain framework to hold suppliers accountable for demonstrating our values. We respond to any
environmental, social, and labour practice risks or impacts identified.  In FY20 we have not terminated any supplier
agreements due to significant  actual and potential negative environmental, social, or labour practice-related impacts.
Where  potential  issues  are identified,  we work  with  and continuously  engage  with  the supplier  to learn  more  about  the issue
and implement  mitigation  and monitoring  strategies  through  corrective  action  plans.  We provide  the necessary  support  and
encouragement to those suppliers who have a plan and a commitment to demonstrate continuous improvement.
This document describes initiatives and achievements organised by the categories of our supply chain framework. More
information on the supply chain framework is provided in  Our Management Approach to Supply Chain .
Governance and management
As part of our direct and asset management procurement due diligence process, we undertake a legal, reputational and a
financial  viability  assessment  of our Critical  Tier 1 suppliers  and Sustainability  High  Risk suppliers  to allow  us to make  sound
business decisions when managing our suppliers.
We also conduct  contract  assurance  reviews  to assess  the end-to-end  procurement  process  to ensure  that our procurement
governance and contract obligations are met by Stockland and the supplier (contractor). The contract assurance reviews
include all development works, for example, civil and infrastructure projects, communities-built form projects and
commercial property projects.
Within our asset management portfolio, our facilities management contracts pertaining to preventative and corrective
maintenance services include key performance indicators which govern our supplier’s contract performance in delivering
the services.
During FY20 we have strengthened our approach to stakeholder management and engagement. We developed a National
Procedure  for Stakeholder  and Supplier  Management  to establish  and maintain  key stakeholder  and supplier  relationships.
This new procedure  delivers  a proactive  and consistent  approach  to capturing  valuable  conversations  with  our stakeholders
and suppliers, providing as well as measuring and sharing performance throughout the business. The engagement process
is two-way, with feedback regularly sought from suppliers on Stockland’s performance.
During FY20 we also updated and launched our ‘ What Stockland Expects from its Suppliers ’ policy to include a greater
focus on sustainability, including diversity and inclusion, human rights, and Indigenous procurement and employment.
Environmental impact
Stockland  continuously  applies  innovation  to reduce  our environmental  impact.  During  the year  we have  been  investigating
asphalt alternatives (see the Reconophalt case study below). This work involved testing the use of alternative asphalt
products by incorporating recycled materials that would typically be destined for landfill,  such as single use plastics.
With one project successfully delivered, a cross-business Working Group is now investigating opportunities to apply such
products  more  broadly  both  on our assets  and in the public  realm  through  our developments.  We will continue  to investigate
new products and industry innovations.
Health, safety and quality
With a targeted focus on influencing  industry practice around safety, Stockland’s second annual National Sights on Safety
Award offered  our suppliers and contractors the opportunity to showcase enhancements to their businesses with a view to
improve  safety  performance.  The FY20  awards  were  well supported  by our suppliers,  with  over  40 applications  received  and
our 2021 Awards will include safety practices embedded during the COVID-19 crisis. More information on Sights on Safety
achievements during FY20 is provided in our Health and Safety Deep Dive .
Stockland has a Quality Working Group, which focuses on key strategic initiatives that ensure a quality product and
experience is provided consistently to our customers, delivering on our purpose of ‘a better way to live’. One of the key
initiatives  delivered  by this group  in FY20  was the standardisation  of quality  inspection  checklists  across  our medium  density
project  sites.  This was the result  of a collaboration  with  our contractors,  and involved  sourcing  and sharing  best  practice  to
improve standards across our sites and ultimately across the industry.
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Supply Chain Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Social value
Our business continues to concentrate efforts  on generating greater outcomes with proving social value. Engagement with
indigenous owned and operated businesses to deliver projects and provide advice in the development space is continuing
and gaining further traction, with the support of Supply Nation. This also includes indirect local resource sourcing and
employment  opportunity  generation  with  our more  typical  (existing)  suppliers,  seeking  to develop  and grow  the engagement
and benefit  with those parties, in line with our Reconciliation Action Plan obligations.
More information on our participation with Career Trackers, the Indigenous university student and emerging leader
internship program, can be found in our Human Rights Deep Dive .
During FY20 Stockland partnered with suppliers to implement social value initiatives during the development project of
the Baringa Retail Town Centre in Queensland. We started with an analysis of the local community and identified  areas
of opportunity and value, including opportunities to engage with local community groups and First Nations peoples. The
initiatives undertaken included Indigenous education and awareness training of site personnel, covering topics such as
cultural identity, racism, reconciliation, and employment opportunities. A whole-of-site talk was also held during National
Reconciliation  Week  2019  to highlight  the role that each  and every  person  on site can play  to make  the construction  industry
more inclusive for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander workers. As a result of these initiatives, one Indigenous person was
recruited and provided with mentoring support. Additional social value initiatives included mental health and skin cancer
awareness,  and engagement  with  the local  state  Primary  school  through  a presentation  and discussion  around  construction
and safety awareness.
Human Rights
Our Management Approach to Human Rights  and our Human Rights Policy  provide additional information on our
commitment to human rights both in our organisation and across our supply chain. We are not aware of any incidents of
child labour or forced/compulsory labour in the operations or supply chain of our principal contractors. In response to the
Modern  Slavery  legislation,  Stockland  has undertaken  a process  to further  understand  our supply  chain  and operations  and
areas of possible exposure to modern slavery. We have developed and implemented a strategy to increase awareness of
modern  slavery  risk both  internally  and with  our suppliers,  and strengthened  our due diligence  processes  in this regard.  More
information can be found in our Modern Slavery Statement .
Innovation, capability and capacity
Stockland  continues  to track,  test and discuss  supplier  capability  and capacity  with  work  pipeline  to ensure  a sustainable  and
achievable balance of appointed work. As an example, Corporate Scorecard is utilised to test supplier financial  capability
on a regular basis and in line with potential award values and timelines, as well as with shifting market cycles that adjust
risk profiles.
We continue to encourage our suppliers to participate in programs initiated by the Supply Chain Sustainability School,
of which we are a founding member and financial  contributor. The School has over 1900 people registered and over
1000 unique organisations engaged, ranging from small businesses to large organisations in the public, private, and
non-for-profit  sectors.
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Supply Chain Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
WHITEMAN EDGE RECONOPHALT TRIAL
The Whiteman  Edge  Reconophalt  Trial  in Western  Australia
has demonstrated  the ability  to re-purpose  waste  materials
destined for landfill  into high-performing roads. This
trial further supports Stockland’s sustainability outcomes
whilst creating a new supply chain opportunity.
Delivered in April 2020 the trial replaced 1km of traditional
asphalt with the Downer Reconophalt product made up of
30% recycled content; diverting 500,000 plastic bags and
packaging equivalents, 165,000 glass bottles equivalents
and 12,000 printer toners from landfill.
The materials  are sourced  through  a partnership  with  Close
the Loop, a resource recovery and recycling company.
Then Downer innovatively tailors the soft plastic and toner
solution to suit a road construction application.
Prior to the implementation of the trial, a detailed review
was undertaken on:
•performance and quality;•environmental impact; and•approvals and acceptance.Performance testing undertaken as part of the review
process indicates the Reconophalt product mix increases
the fatigue life of the asphalt, improving durability and
resistance to cracking.
The review provided assurances that the product did
not pose a new or significant  risk to human health
and the environment. Certification  was also received
from NSW Environment Protection Authority (EPA).
Engagement with Local Authorities was required in order
to secure  engineering  approval  and acceptance  of the road
at handover.
Since  the completion  of the trial,  a National  Working  Group
has been established to seek out a potential strategy for
the business  to embrace  ‘a better  way’  to pave  our roads  by
introducing  a sustainable  alternative  to traditional  asphalt.
The Working Group includes a Project Manager state lead
for NSW, QLD, VIC and WA who will act as the key point of
contact between Stockland and the Contractor/Supplier,
ensuring that due diligence is undertaken prior to award
and coordinating the implementation across our assets to
achieve best-in-industry rates and product performance.SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Supply Chain Deep Dive
CASE STUDY
INCREASING MATERIALS VISIBILITY AND COLLABORATION IN THE SUPPLY CHAIN
In FY19 Stockland set out to identify potential modern
slavery risk in the development of the Willowdale
Retirement Village (NSW), Stage 8 Project. In conjunction
with our contractor, Patterson Building Group, we sought
to map the supply chain of an independent living unit and
identify  potential  modern  slavery  risks  in the supply  chains
for the construction materials and labour.
Fair Supply was engaged to run the project cost data
through their proprietary risk assessment technology and
provide an assessment report that measured the risk of
modern slavery by industry, country and modern slavery
risk factors.
This enabled the project team to identify seven key
building materials that required further investigation and
engagement deeper in the supply chain to assess and
manage the risk.
Further information on this case study can be found at our
Willowdale Retirement Village on our website. SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Supply Chain Deep Dive
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILITY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Community Data Pack
Background notes
We report our community data holistically, given that our approach to investing in our community is consistent across all
our business units. We do however provide breakdowns by business unit when discussing investments and initiatives at
asset level.
The data  contained  in this data  pack,  and in our FY20  sustainability  reporting  more  broadly,  has been  third-party  assured .
Overview
Our community data presents the total value of our strategic community investment activities delivered via:
•community development  – our strategic approach to delivering infrastructure and social programs in partnership with
not-for-profit  organisations in the areas of health and wellbeing, community connection and education in and around
our assets.•community investment  – our long-term strategic involvement in community partnerships and programs that address
social issues and opportunities through employee engagement programs.•The Stockland  CARE  Foundation  – a charitable  trust  established  for the purposes  of improving  the health,  wellbeing  and
education of Australian communities.
In FY20 we invested over $4.4 million in community programs through the Stockland CARE Foundation, our community
development and investment initiatives, and through the facilitation of stakeholder contributions.
Our community development spend is lower for FY20 than in previous years largely due to a change in our reporting
coverage.  The COVID-19  pandemic  has impacted  our business  in several  ways.  During  this time,  Stockland’s  focus  has been
on supporting our people, customers, residents and tenants. One of the ways we wanted to support our people (working
at our assets) was to reduce the reporting burden and provide them with the time and resources needed to focus on
managing our COVID-19 response. As a result, this year we have not collected community development spend data by our
assets and communities and have only reported on the community investment spend driven by Stockland’s head office.
This has included  initiatives  led through  the CARE  Foundation,  our spend  with  national  community  partners,  our community
investment  spend  and our response  to the COVID-19  pandemic.  Additionally,  many  of our community  activations  from  March
onwards  were  unable  to be held  due to COVID-19.  In some  cases  they  were  conducted  virtually.  Examples  include  the pivoting
of our face-to-face  community  programs  with  both  Jamie’s  Ministry  of Food  and Live Life Get Active  to online  classes  for our
residents  and customers.  Looking  forward,  we are exploring  alternative  ways  to deliver  community  development  programs
and collate investment and impact data in light of the new and evolving context.
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Total community contribution
The table below outlines Stockland’s total community contribution from community development, community investment
and the Stockland  CARE  Foundation.  The total  community  contribution  as verified  by the London  Benchmarking  Group  (LBG)
is $4,429,724. 1
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Community Development
National partnerships Financial contributions made to
not-for-profit  organisations that are
national community development
partners of Stockland$501,0961$908,483 $742,296 $457,985 $290,638
Stockland CARE Grants Financial contributions made to not-
for-profit  organisations that were
successful in receiving a Stockland
CARE Grant$276,0002$590,830 $560,292 $303,714 $325,750
Community Programs3Financial support provided to
local community organisations and
programs  from  a Stockland  residential,
commercial property or retirement
living asset or project$562,5484$1,975,324 $1,971,8955$2,551,436 $3,435,802
Community Infrastructure6Community infrastructure to promote
accessibility and inclusion e.g.
Inclusive playspaces, quiet rooms and
adult change facilities$388,874 $1,365,703 $1,460,223 NA NA
Total community development $1,728,519 $4,840,339 $4,734,707 $3,313,135 $4,052,189
Community Investment
Workplace giving Total matched donations made
by Stockland through Stockland’s
workplace giving program$119,9477$134,971 $138,3668$251,197 $87,584
In-kind donations Total donations of non-financial
goods to not-for-profit  organisations
including land, property and casual
mall leasing space$18,0009$83,23910$26,801 $617,414 $708,926
Corporate donations Ad-hoc community donations made
on behalf of Stockland Development
and/or Stockland Trust$586,10111$233,611 $315,153 $280,947 $289,277
National community
investment partnershipsFinancial support given to not-for-
profit  organisations that support the
delivery of volunteering opportunities
for Stockland employees$97,500 $110,000 $126,000 $130,000 $104,500
Volunteering Value of the number of hours logged
from personal and team volunteering
and student mentoring$306,87812$403,295 $382,477 $213,720 $238,285
Stockland CARE Foundation Transfer of funds by Stockland to the
Stockland CARE Foundation Trust and
grants distributed to Stockland CARE
Foundation beneficiaries$300,00013$200,000 $200,000 $200,00014$4,200,000
Donations made to Stockland
CARE Foundation partners as a
result of corporate contributions
and sponsorships$19,765 $12,30715$33,790 $176,034 $80,095
Total community investment $1,448,191 $1,177,423 $1,222,587 $1,869,313 $5,708,666
1There is a slight variance (less than 0.1%) on this amount and the amount included in London Benchmarking Group’s verification  statement, which can be attributed to rounding
limitations with their system.
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Management costs Costs  associated  with  the management
and delivery of Stockland’s
community programs16$1,069,966 $1,393,159 $982,704 $856,205 $659,973
Total community contribution $4,246,676 $7,410,921 $6,939,998 $6,038,651 $10,420,828
1 Cancellation of events due to COVID-19 contributed to a lower spend with national partners in FY20. In addition, FY20 partnership payments for certain partners were paid in FY19
and were included in the FY19 community data.
2 Total  spend  on FY20  CARE  Grants  was lower  than  in FY19  which  included  $304,830  for community  grants  for the Aura  residential  community.  This  grants  program  is held  biannually
and will take place again in FY21.
3 In previous years this category was called Asset-based Contributions.
4 In FY20 we have excluded spend on community development initiatives that have been managed and paid for by our residential communities, retail town centres and retirement
living communities to minimise the reporting impact on our asset teams so they can focus on supporting our customers, residents and tenants during the COVID-19 crisis. Some
community programs run at assets are funded and facilitated by Stockland Head Office  and have been included in FY20 community development spend.
5 In  FY17,  community  infrastructure  was included  as asset-based  contributions.  Due to the significant  increase  in Stockland’s  community  infrastructure,  such  as inclusive  playspaces,
quiet rooms and adult change facilities, these have now been called out as a separate item.
6 In  FY17,  community  infrastructure  was included  as an asset-based  contribution.  However,  due to the significant  increase  in Stockland's  community  infrastructure  such  as inclusive
playspaces, quiet rooms and adult change facilities, since FY18 community infrastructure has been called out as a separate item.
7 Of the $119,947, $35,926 went to CARE Foundation partners Redkite, R U OK? and Reach Out.
8 This amount decreased in FY18 as we included employee donations in FY17. Employee donations are now reported separately under Stakeholder Contributions.
9 As with Community Programs, in FY20 we have excluded CML spend from this category to minimise the impact of collecting this data on our retail centre teams so they can focus
on supporting our customers and tenants during the COVID-19 crisis.
10 Up to FY17, this amount included the foregone revenue from providing Casual Mall Leasing space to community organisations at a reduced cost. Foregone revenue is now being
reported separately as Provision of Space (foregone revenue) under Stakeholder Contributions to align with London Benchmarking Group’s reporting methodology.
11 Of this $586,101, $400,000 was in bushfire  donations.
12 This reduction in total volunteering hours reflects  the cancellation of volunteering events from March to June 2020 in response to COVID-19.
13 The increase from FY19 reflects  the increase from two to three CARE Foundation partners.
14 This amount decreased in FY17 as the prior two years included a $4 million investment in the Stockland CARE Foundation corpus. An ongoing investment of $200,000 was made
in FY17 and FY18 and this contribution will be made annually.
15 Up to FY17, this figure  included partner and asset fundraising. This is now reported under Stakeholder Contributions.
16 Includes average salaries, costs associated with the development, design and delivery of Stockland’s sustainability report, costs of running strategic community programs and
training for community employees.
In addition to the items outlined above, we also facilitate community contributions through our stakeholders and through
the provision of space, bringing our total community contribution to $4,429,724.
Other Contributions FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Stakeholder Contributions Employee, customer, supplier and
contractor donations to CARE
Foundation partners and other
community organisations$183,049 $240,132 NA NA NA
Provision of space Revenue foregone through the use
of Casual Mall Leasing spaces by
community organisationsNA1$740,951 NA NA NA
Total community contribution including leverage items $4,429,724 $8,392,004 $7,776,317 $6,038,651 $10,420,828
1 In FY20 we have excluded CML spend from this category to minimise the impact of collecting this data on our retail centre teams so they can focus on supporting our customers
and tenants during the COVID-19 crisis.
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Breakdown of total community contribution at
Stockland (Total = $4,429,724)
39% Community development
33% Community investment
4% Stakeholder contributions
24% Management costs
Total community development spend
(Total = $1,728,519)
29% National Partnerships
16% CARE Grants
22% Community Infrastructure
33% Community Programs
Total community investment spend
(Total = $1,448,191)
8% Workplace giving
1% In-kind donations
41% Corporate donations
7% National community investm…
21% Volunteering
21% Stockland CARE Foundation
1% Donations made to Stocklan…
We continue  to use LBG to measure  and benchmark  our community  activities.  LBG capture  all data  relating  to our community
investments and allow us to put a dollar figure  on our time, monetary support and in-kind donations to charities and
community groups.
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Our community partnerships,
programs and resources
Focus Area Partner or Program Name Description
Health and Wellbeing Bowls Australia Active lifestyle, learning opportunities and community connection
through coaching clinics and master-classes, along with health and
wellness information sessions.
Jamie’s Ministry of Food Provides healthy eating and good nutrition hands-on education
programs  and cooking  schools  through  community  outreach  programs
in our retirement living communities.
Live Life Get Active Weekly, community fitness  classes provided free of charge to local
Stockland residential communities.
Heart Foundation Walking groups that promote physical activity, emotional wellbeing
and community connection held in and around Stockland retail,
residential and retirement living assets.
Parkrun Weekly  events  for runners  and walkers  of all fitness  levels  at Stockland
residential communities. 
ReachOut Australia ReachOut  is an online  mental  health  organisation  for young  people  and
their parents. It is free and available 24/7 for any young person who
needs support with their mental health and wellbeing.
Redkite Provides essential support to children and young people with cancer
(0-18 years) and their families from the hospital bedside to the
family home.
R U OK? R U OK? is a public  education  charity  whose  vision  is a world  where  we're
all connected and are protected from suicide. The R U OK? mission is
to inspire  and empower  everyone  to meaningfully  connect  with  people
around them and support anyone struggling with life.
Education Australian Business and
Community NetworkProvides  Stockland  employees  with  opportunities  to provide  facilitated
mentoring in high-needs schools around Australia.
Australian Retailers Association Training program for local community members to deliver Retail
Ready accreditation.
National Theatre for Children Student education program focused on sustainability.
Retail Ready Retail training program run by the Australian Retailers
Association (ARA).
Community Connection The Big Issue Provides a diverse range of supported volunteering experiences for
Stockland employees to take part in across Australia.
Conservation Volunteers Australia Supported volunteering for Stockland employees to take part in
conservation programs across Australia.
Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) Our RAP outlines a set of organisation-wide commitments and actions
to strengthen  our relationships  with  and understanding  of First  Nations
Peoples, cultures and communities.
Stockland CARE Grants Program Provision of one-off  financial  grants to local community organisations
that deliver programs and initiatives in and around Stockland assets in
the areas of health, wellbeing and education.
Variety – The Children’s Charity NSW Support children (0-18 years) who are sick, disadvantaged or have
special needs. Variety provides support to families and organisations
through grants, programs, scholarships and experiences.
Link & Learn Provides opportunity for residents in our residential communities to
connect with one another through events and activities and learn
new skills. Programs are planned to respond to the diversity of
each community.
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Community development
Asset and project initiatives
The following data has been collected as part of each project’s community development or sustainability plan. The results
provide a comprehensive review of all the community development initiatives implemented at project and asset level.
In FY20 we did not collect the number of community initiatives implemented by our residential communities, retail town
centres and retirement living communities to minimise the reporting impact on our asset teams so they could focus on
supporting our customers, residents and tenants during the COVID-19 pandemic. Some community programs run at assets
are funded and facilitated by Stockland Head Office  and only these have been included in FY20 total initiatives count.
44% Community Connection
6% Education
50% Health & Wellbeing
Number of community development plans 
FY201FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Commercial Property 32 39 37 38 40
Communities (Residential) 25 34 33 37 37
Communities (Retirement Living) 54 64 54 57 14
1 The number of asset plans are lower than previous years due to some centres and projects being divested or put on hold and exiting a number of communities.
Asset and project-based initiatives implemented in FY20
Asset and project-based initiatives are programs, events or other initiatives that are run in partnership with local
organisations and causes or financial  or in-kind contributions made to an organisation on behalf of Stockland.
FY201FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Commercial Property NA 393 391 265 334
Communities (Residential) NA 205 229 185 160
Communities (Retirement Living) NA 596 111 141 67
Corporate 58 42 51 49 Not reported
1 In  FY20  we have  not reported  on community  initiatives  that  have  been  managed  and paid  for by our residential  communities,  retail  town  centres  and retirement  living  communities
due to the COVID-19  crisis.  Therefore,  we have  not included  a breakdown  of initiatives  by individual  business  unit for FY20.  During  this time,  Stockland’s  focus  has been  on supporting
our people,  customers,  residents  and tenants.  One  of the ways  we wanted  to support  our people  (working  at our assets)  was to reduce  the reporting  burden  and provide  them  with
the time and resources needed to focus on managing our COVID-19 response.
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Asset and project-based initiatives by focus area
The table below outlines the asset and project-based initiatives by community development focus area.
FY201FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Health and Wellbeing 28 624 175 206 145
Education 9 73 67 61 61
Community Connection 21 539 540 373 355
1 In  FY20  we have  not reported  on community  initiatives  that  have  been  managed  and paid  for by our residential  communities,  retail  town  centres  and retirement  living  communities
and have  only  reported  on the community  investment  spend  driven  by Stockland’s  head  office.  This  has included  initiatives  led through  the CARE  Foundation,  our spend  with  national
community partners, our community investment spend and our response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, many of our community activations from March onwards were
unable to be held due to COVID-19.
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Examples of programs and initiatives delivered at project and asset level
Health and Wellbeing Education Community Connection
Commercial Property
•5-star parents/family room
•Adult change facilities
•Quiet rooms
•Accessible & inclusive playspaces
•Centre-hosted community programs
•Community health and wellbeing services
•School holiday cooking programs
•Community room
•Cooking classes
•Education training for retailers and customers
•End-of-trip facilities
•Fresh food/healthy eating program
•Local community group
support (infrastructure)•Community information sessions
•Co-located community facilities
•Co-working spaces
•Cultural heritage programs
•Employment program
•Environmental program
•Craft activities for children
•Learning facilities
•Retail education program
•School holiday cooking programs
•School holiday STEM programs
•School/tertiary partnerships
•Social enterprises
•Sustainability education programs•Stockland CARE Grants
•Community events/festivals
•Community Emergency
Assistance Planning•Cultural diversity
•Entertainment/leisure precinct
•Mothers’ activities
•Place-making initiatives
•Playdates for children
•Public art
•Reconciliation program
•Regular customer engagement
•Seniors events/ activities
•Social engagement facility
•Social engagement programs
•Youth engagement programs
Communities (Residential)
•Adult fitness  programs
•Children’s fitness  programs
•Cooking classes
•Dog training
•Community spaces designed for varying ages
and levels of ability•Integrated pedestrian and cycle network
delivery and way-finding•Resident energy, water, waste saving and
wellbeing education•Schools based engagement
•STEM programs in local schools
•Sustainability hubs activation
•Community garden education programs
•Cycling education programs
•Resident education on community safety•Stockland CARE Grants
•Community engagement for design
and visioning•Welcome program and events
•Social and seasonal events calendars
•Inclusive and accessible playspaces
•Community safety events
•Link & Learn activities and events
Communities (Retirement Living)
•Active and public transport options
•Active living programs
•Community safety programs
•Health checks and health issue awareness
•Inclusive and accessible spaces
•Resident preventative health information
•Mental wellbeing program
•Nutritional information/cooking classes
•Provide safe, open spaces
•Universally accessible community facilities•Community hub (library,
community centre)•Community learning facilities
•Co-share, learning facilities/infrastructure
•E-book sharing (Kindle, tablet)
•Education infrastructure
•Environmental awareness/education
•Local learning/education program
•Local schools partnership/mentoring
•Resident energy, water, waste saving and
wellbeing education•Skills development/retraining programs
•Technology  including  social  media  training•Stockland CARE Grants
•Celebrate and support local
community events•Community groups and associations
•Community infrastructure
•Provide vibrant spaces
•Public art
•Safety program
•Social engagement activities
•Support local community groups
•Village/community directory
8 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
National partnerships
We contributed our time and a financial  investment of over $500,000 to our national community partnerships throughout
FY20. An overview of our key national partnerships is provided below:
Heart Foundation
FY20 was the 10th year of our partnership with the Heart Foundation nationally.
Input Output Impact Future
Contribution
•$30,000
annual donation•Stockland employees
administer
and facilitate
walking groups
Focus Area
•Health and Wellbeing
•Community ConnectionCOMMUNITY •Total of 41,496 walks
completed in FY20•33 active weekly walking
groups, through 16 retail
centres, 16 retirement
communities
andone residential
community•47 active Host Organisations
(registered organisations)
through 22 retail
town centres and
25 retirement communities•1,443 walkers with 1,177
walking in retail town
centres, 258 in retirement
villages and eight in
residential communities•248 new participants and
one new walking groups
registered in FY20•Participants completed an
average of 29 walks in FY20
and have completed an
average of 195 walks since
joining the program with an
average walk duration in the
range of 45-60 minutes•93% of Stockland walking
group participants felt
that Heart Foundation
Walking had improved their
overall health.•Based on self-reported data,
89% of Stockland walking
group participants met the
National Physical Activity
guides in the previous week.•80% of Stockland walkers
indicated their participation
has enabled them to have
more confidence  in engaging
in physical activity and
increased knowledge and
awareness of the benefits  of
physical activity in reducing
risk of chronic disease.•When asked for the main
reasons why Stockland
walkers are still walking with
the Heart Foundation, 94%
responded ‘to improve their
health’, 56% ‘to meet new
people’ and 41% ‘to spend
time with others’.•150 minutes per week
of moderate to vigorous
intensity physical activity
(such as brisk walking)
can reduce cardiovascular
disease by 35%, reduce
blood pressure, help
maintain a healthy weight,
manage stress, reduce the
risk of depression and
improve sleep1•Focus on setting up
walking groups in
residential communities
through a walker
recruitment campaign
BUSINESS •Media coverage
•Walkers volunteer time to
assist centres with events•Co-branded
marketing materials•New retirement villages
engaged, resulting in
increased community
involvement across
the network•Increased foot traffic  in our
centres, generating more
business for our retailers•Increased brand recognition
•Increased customer and
community engagement
1 United Kingdom Chief Medical Officers  Physical Activity Guidelines. UK Government 2019
9 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Bowls Australia
FY20 was the fifth year of our partnership with Bowls Australia (BA).
Input Output Impact Future
Contribution
•$95,000 contribution
•Approximately 150 hours
contribution from BA staff
Focus Area
•Health and Wellbeing
•Community Connection
•EducationCOMMUNITY •Five coaching clinics
held by Australian
Jackaroo representatives
and community level
coaches across Vic, NSW
and SA with a total of 40
residents attending•Piloted Roll Back the Clock,
a four-week program in SA
with 10 residents attending•A further six Australian
Jackaroo clinics, nine
community coach clinics
and two Roll Back the
Clock programs planned for
FY20 were postponed due
to COVID-19•Stockland presented a
series of five Men’s Health
Week videos to all of our
retirement living villages
with a focus on the role
that bowls has to play and
the importance for men
to speak up about health
and wellbeing•Feedback from surveys
collected at the Lakes
Estate Retirement Village
Coaching Clinic:•100% of respondents
enjoyed attending the event•100% of respondents
enjoyed feeling more
connected to their friends
and community•100% of respondents
learned new bowling skills
and techniques•100%  of respondents  would
recommend any future
Stockland and BA events to
their friends•Men’s Health Week online
content reached 51,000
people, with 11,000
views and over 6,000
minutes viewed•Testimonials taken from
Men’s Health Online•‘’A brilliant way to highlight
the importance of Men’s
Health at a poignant time’’•‘’The fact that Stockland
allowed BA to have genuine
conversations with some
of our male leaders was
greatly appreciated’’•BA to reschedule 19
clinics that were placed
on hold due to
COVID-19 restrictions•Continue to look for
opportunities to maximise
impact and enhance the
value of online and
physical BA events
BUSINESS •18 Roll Back the Clock
video clips, featuring
Stockland branding•Media value through Bowls
Premier League events,
which were attended by
60,000 live viewers. Media
value  has been  estimated  by
BA as $151,000.
10 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Live Life Get Active
FY20 was the sixth year of our partnership with Live Life Get Active (LLGA).
Input Output Impact Future
Contribution
•$333,046 in
financial  contributions•Free outdoor activity
camps to promote
fitter,  healthier and
happier communities•Online delivery of
classes and health
and nutrition information
during COVID-19
Focus Area
•Health and Wellbeing
•Community ConnectionCOMMUNITY •18 LLGA fitness  camps
in Stockland communities
across NSW, QLD, VIC
and WA•10,061 participants
from the direct and
surrounding suburbs•9507 hours of
outdoor activity•Online recorded classes
provided to members
during COVID-19 with
20,700 views over a
3-month period•85 live online fitness
sessions engaged 770
members on average per
week over a 5-week period•Participants’ health
and wellbeing
improvements include:•8,995 kilograms lost
•12,331 centimetres lost
from around the waists
of members•Members participating
3 times a week over
20 weeks lost 5cm on
average from their waists
and 3kgs•Average mood reported
of 6.3/10 compared
to 5/10 recorded at
commencement of program•Health  and wellbeing  survey
to understand the impact
of COVID-19 sent to
51,000 members, resulted
in 2.5% response rate.
Results revealed that 30%
experienced a range of
symptoms including lack of
motivation  and feeling  down
and 40% were worried
about the future. Positives
included enjoying a simpler
life and learning new skills•LLGA is now reaching
out to medical practices
and hospitals in the local
areas to promote the
positive effects  of outdoor
exercise and Stockland’s
LLGA offering•New camps being
investigated across
the country•Targeting  retirement  living
where co-located in our
residential  communities  to
encourage membership•Continue to promote
online offering•Use survey results to
develop new content
and invite online
social interaction for
wellbeing topics
BUSINESS •Media coverage
•Co-branding  and promotion
of Stockland on a
weekly basis at 15
Stockland communities•Industry recognition for
partnership with LLGA•Increased
brand recognition•Increased
community engagement
11 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Jamie’s Ministry of Food
FY20 was the seventh year of our partnership with Jamie’s Ministry of Food (JMOF).
Input Output Impact Future
Contribution
•$122,925 in annual
operational support•Advocacy for healthy
cooking skills and good
nutritional behaviour
Focus Area
•Health and Wellbeing
•Education
•Community ConnectionCOMMUNITY •1281 participants across
different  delivery models•370 children attended a
Learn Your Fruit and
Veg (LYFV) program at
Stockland Balgowlah (NSW)
and Burleigh Heads (Qld)
retail town centres•Conducted a six-week
outreach program at seven
villages across Vic, QLD and
SA, attended  by 58 residents•Happy Hour cooking
demonstrations were
held over six weeks
to 523 residents and
prospective residents•Due to COVID-19
restrictions, the five-week
outreach program was
offered  to residents in NSW
and Vic villages via online
live and recorded sessions,
with 19 and 177 residents
attending respectively•Participants completing a
five-week  course through
the JMOF  program  consume
half a serve  more  vegetables
per day and cook more
meals from scratch•Increased social
connectedness,  particularly
for socially
isolated participants
and participants
with disabilities•Continue to look
for opportunities to
bring programs to our
retail and residential,
retirement communities.•Further online activations
BUSINESS •Media coverage in Victorian
local paper (Brimbank
Star Weekly promoting
the benefits  of the
online course)•Aligning Stockland brand
with Jamie’s Ministry
of Food•Engagement with local
council, Government and
health champions•Increased
brand recognition•Increased community
satisfaction in centres and
retirement villages•Increased foot traffic
in centres•Increased stakeholder
engagement across the
community, businesses,
customers and retailers
12 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Redkite
FY20 was the fifth year of the Stockland CARE Foundation’s partnership with Redkite. Due to the success of the first three
years, the partnership has been extended to FY21.
Input Output Impact1Future
Contribution
•$100,000 annual donation
from the Stockland CARE
Foundation Trust•$77,450.51 in workplace
giving donations,
customer and
employee fundraising•$5,000 in Stockland
gift cards•121 volunteer hours from
Stockland employees
Focus Area
•Health and Wellbeing
•Community ConnectionCOMMUNITY •As a result of Stockland's
funding, Redkite was able
to provide practical and/or
emotional support services
to 73 families at different
stages of their child's
cancer journey•Of the 73 families
that Stockland supported,
54 received financial
assistance grants, which
help with the 'hidden'
costs of cancer, such
as fuel, transport, food
and accommodation•Qualified  social workers
provided  28 of these  families
with information, support
and/or counselling services•Around 17 of the families
that Stockland supports
received education and/or
career support from a
professional education
and career support
consultant and/or through
an education grant•Redkite resources (such
as diagnosis packs, books
and/or other practical
resources) were provided
to 16 families to help
them better manage their
cancer experience•Among all the individuals
and families supported:•82% felt more equipped to
support their family•66% felt more in control of
their / their child's care•Among those who received
financial  assistance grants:•86% felt more equipped to
manage their situation•80% felt reduced pressure
on family relationships•Among those who received
information, support
and/or counselling:•73% felt less alone
•68% had new strategies to
help them manage•Among those who
received education and/or
career support:•65% were better able to
manage the impact cancer
had on their education
and/or career•Among those who received
resources from Redkite•60% felt these resources
helped them identify
strategies to help manage
their situation•Continue to raise
awareness across
Stockland assets and
communication channels•Conduct a collaborative
research project with
the CARE Foundation’s
other national strategic
Foundation partners
(ReachOut and R U OK?)
to help develop a greater
understanding of the
community’s health and
wellbeing needs•Undertake a national
collaborative campaign
with ReachOut and R U
OK? for mental health
month in October 2020
to raise awareness of
the importance of mental
health in the community
BUSINESS •Redkite supported
Foundation activities at 14
retirement villages andfour
head offices  nationally•Increased
employee engagement•Increased
customer satisfaction
1 This data is based on a survey of Redkite's clients conducted in 2019. Of 1943 invitations, 457 individuals participated (response rate of 24%).
13 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
ReachOut Australia
FY20 was the first year of the Stockland CARE Foundation’s partnership with ReachOut.
Input Output Impact Future
•$100,000 annual donation
from the Stockland CARE
Foundation Trust•$30,527 in workplace
giving donations,
customer and
employee fundraising•$5,000 in Stockland
gift cards•$3,000 contribution
towards ReachOut’s 2019
Fundraising Dinner•20 hours of volunteer time
Focus Area
•Health and Wellbeing
•Community Connection
•EducationCOMMUNITY •The funding received
from Stockland enables
ReachOut to be responsive
in times of change
and challenge. With this
funding, ReachOut has
been able to provide
COVID-19 support for 1360
young people, parents and
educational professionals
during the crisis•Young people and their
families in the Stockland
retail and residential
communities received
back-to-school support
resources through social
media to help them through
this transition•Mental health resources
were provided during
the bushfire  crisis to
help and support across
Stockland communities•Piloted the national
fundraiser Laps for Life
with employees involving
physical exercise and the
link to the mental health•On Demand interview
featuring Jules Sebastian
and Ashley de Silva,
CEO of ReachOut, about
COVID-19, young people
and mental health
available to employees and
general public•Stockland contributed to
allowing ReachOut to
provide mental health
support to:•29,684 young people 3,555
parents and carers•1,840 education
professionals, parents and
students through Schools•Enhanced community
connection and sense
of belonging by working
with Stockland assets
to engage on mental
health messaging. This was
particularly relevant in the
COVID pandemic including:•10,000 postcards with
‘Tips to feeling great
about yourself’ delivered in
emergency food boxes to
disadvantaged families.•Continued involvement
in the ‘Residential
Beyond.Com Project’
ensuring physical and
digital resources are
available to our residents
and their families•Conduct a collaborative
research project with
the Foundation’s other
national strategic
Foundation partners
Redkite and R U OK?
to help develop a
greater understanding of
the community’s health
and wellbeing needs
that can be addressed
via ReachOut future
strategic programs•Undertake a national
collaborative campaign
with Redkite and R U
OK? for mental health
month in October 2020
to raise awareness of
the importance of mental
health in the community
BUSINESS •National awareness
campaign and events to
launch new partnership
with ReachOut•ReachOut and R U
OK? collaborated on a
webinar for over 400
Stockland staff  to discuss
the impact of COVID-19
and the importance of
staying connected•ReachOut supported
Stockland’s 2020 Mardi
Gras  employee  engagement
activation, by providing
a ReachOut Youth
ambassador as a guest
speaker at an employee
Mardi Gras event, exploring
mental health and gender
identity with a speech on
transgender diversity•Increased brand
recognition and
reputation of Stockland
CARE Foundation•Providing mental health
support resources during
COVID-19 pandemic and the
Bushfire  crisis•Building relationship
with LBGTI+ Employee
Advocacy Group to
create more awareness
of ReachOut messaging
and resourcing during key
times of the year•Meeting with ReachOut's
head researcher and
marketer to discuss
the ‘Identity Project’ to
understand learnings that
are relevant to Stockland
retail assets
14 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
R U OK?
FY20 was the first year of the Stockland CARE Foundation’s partnership with R U OK? The partnership was launched in
September 2019.
Input Output Impact Future
Contribution
•$100,000 annual donation
from the Stockland CARE
Foundation Trust•$28,174.34 in workplace
giving donations,
customer and
employee fundraising•$5,000 in Stockland
gift cards
Focus Area
•Health and Wellbeing
•Community Connection
•EducationCOMMUNITY •A campaign advisory
group was assembled and
is representative of a
range of life experience
and expertise. The group
includes representatives
from the retirement
living industry, including
Stockland personnel•10,000 R U OK? Connection
Cards distributed nationally
to Stockland retirement
living residents•22 retail town centres
participated in R U OK?
Day activations•Mental health content built
into new Stockland Retail
‘Belong’ site encouraging
customers and retailers to
#stayconnected, which is
an R U OK? campaign
to encourage people
to maintain connections
with friends, family
and colleagues•Over 25,000 impressions
on social posts relating to
the R U OK? connection
cards distributed•Focusing on mental health
and raising awareness
through R U OK? Day has
created more connected
communities around our
retail centres•Enhanced connectivity of
our retirement living
residents achieved through
connection cards, including
examples of residents
checking in on each other
more regularly and feeling
less lonely•Over  25,000  impressions  on
social posts relating to the
R U OK? connection cards
being distributed•Stockland Retirement
Living will implement
an ‘Older Australians’
pilot program in selected
locations to test the
campaign’s relevance and
messaging before a
nationwide launch•Continue to roll out
relevant social media
posts and webinars
across Stockland assets
that contribute to
community connection•Conduct a collaborative
research project with
the CARE Foundation’s
other national strategic
Foundation partners
(Redkite and ReachOut)
to help develop a greater
understanding of the
community’s health and
wellbeing needs•Undertake a national
collaborative campaign
with Stockland, Redkite
and ReachOut for Mental
Health Month in October
2020 to raise awareness
of the importance of
mental health•Identify opportunities
to promote the R U
OK? indigenous ‘Stronger
Together’ campaign at
Stockland’s assets for
NAIDOC Week 2020•Pilot R U OK? Day in
a Stockland Workplace
Logistics asset
BUSINESS •National awareness
campaign and events to
launch  new partnership  with
R U OK?•R U OK? and ReachOut
collaborated on a webinar
for 400 Stockland staff
to discuss the impact
of COVID-19 and the
importance of employees
staying connected•Enhanced employee
engagement and wellbeing
through the employee
webinar by R U OK?
and ReachOut•Strategic use of R U OK? to
strengthen  the message  and
knowledge of employees
on looking after their
mental health•Increased brand
recognition and
reputation of Stockland
CARE Foundation
15 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Conservation Volunteers Australia
FY20 was the fifth year of our partnership with Conservation Volunteers Australia (CVA).
Input Output Impact Future
Contribution
•Annual partnership fee
of $15,000•20 Stockland volunteers
•Four events for children
of Stockland employees
at Stockland’s Christmas
‘Kids at Work’ parties
Focus Area
•Health and Wellbeing
•Community ConnectionCOMMUNITY •20 employees volunteered
to treat a 700m2 area
for invasive weed species.
These efforts  will allow
native flora  species to
become more prevalent
over time, which will create
ideal habitats for native
bird species•2 kg of mixed rubbish
(plastic wrappers, bottles,
cigarette butts) was
collected from the beach
preventing ocean pollution•Piloted seed-bomb making
at a retirement village in
Victoria with 16 residents.
Seed bombs consist of soil,
native seed and clay, which
protects the seeds. Seed
bombs can be distributed in
gardens or nature for plants
to grow. More than 200
seed bombs were created
across multiple events
attended by children and
residents. These workshops
provide hands-on access
to environmental education
that incorporates STEM•Due to COVID-19, we had
to postpone a volunteering
event planned in May for 60
Stockland employees•The Henley Bushland
Reserve in Kwinana is
notable for being a roosting
site for the endangered
Carnaby's Cockatoo, and is
home to a wide variety of
beautiful  small  bird species.
CVA has been active in the
area  to continuously  protect
the habitat of Carnaby’s
Cockatoo and other native
bird species•When in-person
volunteering resumes
we will work to
reschedule  any postponed
volunteering activities
BUSINESS •Enhanced engagement
through team-building
activities for our employees•Inclusion of Stockland
brand on CVA website•Approximately 160 children
of employees participated
in seed-bomb making
events in Perth, Melbourne,
Brisbane and Sydney as
part of Stockland’s Kids at
Work celebration•Increased
brand recognition
16 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Australian Business and Community Network
FY20 was the 14th year that we have been a member of the Australian Business and Community Network (ABCN).
Input Output Impact Future
Contribution
•$65,000 membership fee
•$28,000 donation
to Scholarship
Foundation for two
indigenous scholarships•$4,000 for the Spark
Reading program in two
retirement living villages•$5,938 catering to support
mentoring programs•132 Stockland volunteers
(124 mentors,one
facilitator, seven
ABCN champions)•721 volunteer hours
Focus Area
•EducationCOMMUNITY •343 students from 26 ABCN
schools benefitted  from
Stockland mentoring•Stockland supported
eight indigenous scholars
nationally with another
two to be awarded in
November 2020•Supported innovation
through a pilot program
moving face-to-face
mentoring to online
digital programs to enable
reach into regional and
rural schools•Stockland mentors
participated in
a collaboration
between ABCN and
Aurora Foundation
bringing indigenous
students, mentors and
elders together•Funded a pilot Spark
reading program, engaging
residents  from  a Retirement
Living village with
disadvantaged students
from a primary school in SA•93% of students in
the primary school
reading program Spark,
demonstrated greater
literacy comprehension•97% of students in the one-
on-one mentoring program
GOALS now realise the
importance of setting
goals for their future (up
from 42%)•94% of students in
the Interview to Impress
program understand what
to do at a job interview (up
from 20%)•89% of girls in the Focus
female leadership program
saw themselves as a
leader after participation
(up from 41%)•94% of students in the
InterACT program for
refugees and recently
arrived migrants felt more
confident  speaking English
with different  people (up
from 34%)•100% of scholars in
the Accelerate scholarship
program were confident
that they will achieve their
goals (up from 59%)•Expansion of the Spark
literacy  program  to enable
two Retirement Living
villages to participate•Due to COVID-19 ABCN
is undertaking a rapid
digital transformation to
facilitate program delivery
online, ensuring mentors
and students can continue
to connect and engage.
Stockland is supporting
this innovation through
participation in digital
mentoring programs•The digital transformation
will also allow  the program
to reach  more  regional  and
rural students and allow a
range of employees from
all asset  bases  to take  part
BUSINESS •Learning and Development
mentor opportunities
enhance employee
engagement and support
employee development•Hosted two ABCN member
network meetings for
collaborative discussions
on network impact,
developments and
continuous improvement•Brand recognition amongst
schools, students and other
ABCN member companies•Increased employee
engagement and increased
confidence  in mentoring,
coaching and facilitation for
Stockland employees
17 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
The Big Issue
FY20 was the third year of our partnership with The Big Issue.
Input Output Impact Future
Contribution
•Annual partnership fee
of $30,000•36 Stockland employees
volunteered across
a range of
activities including
vendor breakfasts and
soccer matches•94 hours of volunteering
Focus Area
•Health and Wellbeing
•Community ConnectionCOMMUNITY •17 Stockland staff
volunteered with our
Community Street Soccer
Program in Brisbane
and Sydney, helping
participants re-engage with
the community•19 team members
prepared, cooked and
served breakfast to
magazine street vendors in
Melbourne, Perth, Sydney
and Brisbane•Participants of the
Community Street Soccer
program engaged in a
safe and non-threatening
environment to promote
health, wellbeing and
social inclusion •The Big Issue magazine
street vendors provided
with a hot, nutritious meal
they  may  not otherwise  have
been able to afford•Reinforced message that
the community cares about
people who are doing
it tough and working to
improve their lives•Reviewing potential
partnership opportunities
including  digital  education
classroom for Stockland
employees, focusing on
the impacts of hardship
resulting from COVID-19•Review potential
opportunities to
collaborate on The Big
Issue’s Homes for Homes
social enterprise
BUSINESS •Team-building activities for
our employees•Website brand recognition•Increased
brand recognition
18 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
The National Theatre for Children
FY20 was the fourth year of the partnership with The National Theatre for Children (NTC). 
Input Output Impact Future
Contribution
•Total contribution of
$74,200, consisting of
$7,000 - $9,900 per
primary school•Free Battery Recycling
Challenge including live-
in school performances,
print and digital resources•Year-round  engagement  at
schools to extend learning
and drive measurable
environmental impact•Parents and families
engaged with take-home
resources and incentives
to collect batteries and
return them to school
for recycling
Focus Area
•Education
•Community ConnectionCOMMUNITY •16 live school performances
of the Big Battery Rescue
with 12 proceeding and
four run as virtual online
performances due to
COVID 19•5657 primary school
students from 11
primary schools attended
the Big Battery
Rescue  performances•275 primary  school  teachers
utilised the print and digital
education resources from
the Big Battery Rescue•277 battery recycling
buckets  provided  to schools•4122 primary school
students from 21 schools
undertook year-round•5745 primary students
participated in the school
expos across 21 schools
with 347 teachers and 2894
parents, grandparents and
siblings attending the expoThe Big Battery Rescue:
•Teachers rated the overall
educational value of the
program a 6.32 out of 7•100% of schools who saw
the program reported they
would  like to see this type  of
program in the future
Showdown at Waste World:
•Teachers rated the overall
educational value of the
LEGO Education WeDo 2.0
Sets a 6.48 (out of 7)•100% of schools who saw
the program reported that
using the WeDo2.0 sets
would positively influence
students' interest in STEM•100% of teachers said they
would  like to see this type  of
program run in their school
again  in the future,  and 80%
said the program exceeded
their expectations•Continued planning to
engage additional schools
and communities in FY21•Pilot with retirement
living villages to drive
engagement between
villages  and schools  within
their community
BUSINESS •Educational websites
branded with Stockland’s
logo with information about
Stockland’s support•Stockland branded
promotional materials
including videos,
customised social media
feeds, media release and
approved images•Media generated included
nine school media stories
and 51 social media stories•3679 visits, 35404 hits and
1711 unique visitors to the
Stockland branded website
BigBatteryRescue.com•277 Stockland branded
battery recycling buckets
printed and delivered into
schools nationally•Increased
brand recognition
19 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
National community development projects
Stockland CARE Grants Program
Our CARE grants provide an easily accessible, criteria-based program for our assets and projects to give back to local
communities  and respond  to sponsorship  requests.  It allows  for increased  engagement  opportunities  with  local  community
groups, brand exposure and media coverage.
The CARE grants also allow us to track the impacts of our community investment, with grant winners required to provide
updates  on progress.  In FY20  a total  of 266 grants  to the value  of $276,000  were  invested  in local  communities  surrounding
Stockland assets.
Commercial Property
•284 applications received from local community organisations across 26 shopping centres;•99 grants awarded; and•$99,000 invested into our local communities.
Residential
•149 applications were received across 23 communities;•92 grants were awarded to local community organisations; and•$92,000 invested into our local communities.
Retirement Living
•147 applications received across 50 villages;•85 grants awarded to local community organisations; and•$85,000 invested into our local communities.
Breakdown of grant winners by stockland focus area in the FY20 care grants round
1% Biodiversity
1% Carbon and Energy
32% Community Connection
1% Water Management and Qua…
22% Education
42% Health and Wellbeing
1% Waste and Materials
20 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Community engagement
Retirement Living – Residents’ Voice
The Residents’ Voice survey is a comprehensive survey used to measure resident satisfaction whilst living in a Stockland
retirement village. A total of 6,659 residents participated in the FY20 survey, which is 60% per cent of all residents.
Response (% satisfaction score)
Focus Area Element FY20 FY191FY17 FY16
Health and Wellbeing Physical health 78% 77% 76% 76%
Emotional wellbeing (sense
of achievement)84% 83% 82% 82%
Personal relationships 92% 91% 90% 92%
Feeling safe 94% 93% 92% 92%
Number of social activities to
participate in86% 85% 83% 83%
Satisfaction with
accessibility features89% 89% 88% 87%
Education Satisfaction with the opportunity to
try new things and learn81% 79% 74% 75%
Community Connection Satisfied  with sense of community 86% 87% 85% 86%
Satisfied  with opportunity to connect
with others89% 89% 87% 88%
1 We  did not administer  the Residents’  Voice  survey  in FY18  because  of changes  to the timing  of our research  program  from  Autumn  to Spring  of each  year  and because  our residents
had already participated in another industry survey in Jan 2018.
21 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Residential – Liveability Index survey
In FY20 we received almost 2,000 responses across 18 residential communities to our annual proprietary Liveability Index
survey. This research tells us how satisfied  our residents are once they have moved into our residential communities, what
we are doing well, and learnings that we can take forward for future developments. Insights from this research are used to
inform  strategic  planning  of each  community  and our national  community  design  guidelines.  For further  information  on how
we use this insight to inform community development, please refer to the Community Deep Dive .
Our liveability research has been an important focus of our customer engagement activities since its inception in 2011. In
FY20 we scored 74%, which is marginally below target of 75% due to the removal of a number of high-performing, well
established communities, and the inclusion of new/developing communities (8/18 communities in scope are in the early
stages of development). It is important to note that satisfaction scores remain high in terms of absolute score. Due to a
change in scale, liveability results prior to FY18 are not directly comparable to results from FY18 onward.
The below  table  provides  historical  Liveability  Index  adjusted  scores  and resident  satisfaction  scores.  Refer  to the Customer
Engagement and Experience Deep Dive  for a description of our Liveability Index.
Liveability and resident satisfaction
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
National Liveability Index
(Residential Communities)1 74% 74% 78% 78% 79%
Personal Wellbeing Index
(Residential Communities)78% 76% 77% 79% 80%
Resident satisfaction across our communities
(Retirement Living)2 92% 91% NA 90% 90%
Personal Wellbeing Index (Retirement Living) 83% 83% NA 82% 82%
1 Liveability  score  is a single  number  that  measures  resident  satisfaction  on a range  of attributes  calculated  using  regression  analysis.  Note:  results  prior  to FY18  are adjusted  to reflect
change in scale and to allow for comparison
2 Results prior to FY18 have been adjusted to take into account the change in scale and provide comparability guidance. Based on percentage rating satisfaction as 6-10 out of 10.
Community Investment
Workplace Giving
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17
Amount
donatedCharities
supportedAmount
donatedCharities
supportedAmount
donatedCharities
supportedAmount
donatedCharities
supported
Employee Donations1$121,505 144 $158,911 143 $140,156 123 $127,231 107
Corporate  Dollar  Matching2$116,437 $134,971 $138,366 $123,966
Total $237,942 144 $293,881 143 $278,522 123 $251,197 107
1 Total employee donations made by full-time, part-time and permanent contract Stockland employees through Stockland’s Workplace Giving Program and cash and gift
card donations.
2 Total amount of matched funds donated by Stockland to various charities through Stockland’s Workplace Giving Program.
22 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Volunteering
FY20 FY19 FY18
EmployeesTotal
HoursProxy
Financial
Value1EmployeesTotal
HoursProxy
Financial
Value EmployeesTotal
HoursProxy
Financial
Value
Team Volunteering2203 914 $80,602 355 1490 $131,433 303 1,405 $123,935
Student Mentoring3125 721 $63,599 144 996 $87,813 154 1,008 $88,938
Personal Volunteering4154 753 $66,440 247 889 $78,445 143 282 $24,840
CARE Committees554 773 $68,186 61 917 $80,844 55 730 $64,371
Foundation Fortnight678 318 $28,051 90 281 $24,787 78 911 $80,359
Total 48873479 $306,878 624 4572 $403,323 480 4,336 $382,443
1 Calculated using LBG standard values.
2 Includes total number of employees and hours that Stockland employees have participated in a team volunteering day with a not-for-profit  organisation. Proxy financial  values for
FY20 are determined by the number of hours multiplied by the average hourly remuneration rate as included in LBG’s guidance manual
3 Facilitated student mentoring programs run in partnership with the Australian Business and Community Network (ABCN) and are offered  to Stockland employees in FY20 in NSW,
WA, Queensland, Victoria and South Australia.
4 Number  of individual  employees  who  took  up personal  volunteering  in FY20  by taking  up to 2 days  of volunteering  leave  or using  flexible  working  arrangements.  Personal  volunteering
leave details including the number of hours volunteered and chosen charity must be logged in Stockland’s HR system and approved by the individual’s manager.
5 Number of individual employees who sat on state-based employee Committees to facilitate activation of community and Foundation activities in their local areas.
6 This category refers to Stockland employees volunteering at internal activations for the Stockland CARE Foundation.
7 Note that the total of these activities is higher than the reported amounts as some employees have been involved in more than one type of volunteering activity and we report by
total employees involved
Employee Participation
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace Giving Program129.40% 31% 32% 29% 26.00%
Volunteering Program230% 41% 31% 31% 48.00%
1 Total  number  of individual  employees  who  participated  in Stockland’s  Workplace  Giving  Program  in FY20  as an ongoing  or one-off  donor  as a percentage  of total  average  workforce
for FY20.
2 Total number of individual employees who have participated in Stockland’s team volunteering program, student mentoring or personal volunteering programs as a percentage of
Stockland’s total average workforce for FY20.
23 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 Community Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILTY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
Environmental Data Pack
Background notes
As a property  owner  and developer,  acquisitions,  divestments  and development  activity  within  a given  year  can significantly
impact our environmental performance. The table below provides an overview of the activity profile  for each of our
businesses and how this affects  our environmental data.
Activity Profile Energy and Emissions Natural Resources
Group
operationsInternal
corporate operations.Unless there are significant  changes to the
tenancies  that we operate  from,  minor  fluctuations
generally reflect  external factors beyond
our control.
Scope 1: Vehicle fleet  fuel.
Scope 2: Purchased electricity.
Scope 3: Hire car, airline and rental car travel.The water, waste and other natural resources are
typically  managed  by the base  building  that we are
tenanting. Where we are a tenant within our own
building, these resources are reported under the
base building.
Commercial
PropertyOperating our
Retail Town Centre,
Workplace and
Logistics assets.Unless there are significant  changes to
our portfolio, or key infrastructure upgrades/
installations, changes generally reflect  energy
efficiency  programs and initiatives.
Scope 1: Gas consumption, refrigerants.
Scope 2: Purchased electricity.
Scope 3: Transmission losses, operational waste.Unless there are significant  changes to our
portfolio, changes reflect  water efficiency
programs and initiatives, tenancy mix,
water leakages, or changes to asset
management arrangements.
Water: Potable water consumption.
Waste: Operational waste, development
construction waste.
Communities Development of our
projects and
communities,
predominantly
undertaken by our
residential and
retirement living
community
contractors.Increased civil works activity has a direct
correlation with increased energy and emissions.
In periods where we are actively developing our
assets, our emissions profile  is higher.
Scope 1: Emissions from gas and fuel consumption
reported by our contractors, and our direct
gas consumption.
Scope 2: Emissions from electricity consumption
reported by our contractors, and our
purchased electricity.
Scope 3: Transmission losses.Increased civil works activity has a direct
correlation with increased water consumption.
In periods where we are actively developing our
assets, our water consumption, and particularly
that of our residential contractors, is higher.
Increased finishing  works (landscaping and
upgrades in our retirement living communities)
also contribute to increased water consumption,
and retirement living contractors generally
undertake these works.
Water: Potable and non-potable water
consumption reported by our contractors, and
our direct water consumption.
Waste: Waste generation reported by
our contractors.
Biodiversity metrics vary and reflect  the
specific  characteristics of our residential
community projects.
1 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Activity Profile Energy and Emissions Natural Resources
Communities Operating our
retirement
living communities.Unless there are significant  changes to our
portfolio (e.g. the acquisition of Aevum in FY11
which nearly doubled the size of our Retirement
Living business) annual changes generally reflect
energy  efficiency  programs  and initiatives,  climatic
conditions (i.e. milder temperatures reduce
energy demand), unit vacancy and development
villages opening to residents.
Scope 1: Our direct gas consumption (can include
our residents’ consumption where a village is
not sub-metered).
Scope 2: Our direct consumption of purchased
electricity  (can  include  our residents’  consumption
where a village is not sub-metered).
Scope 3: Transmission losses.Unless there are significant  changes to our
portfolio (e.g. the acquisition of Aevum in
FY11 which nearly doubled the size of our
Retirement  Living  business)  annual  changes  reflect
water efficiency  programs and initiatives and
development villages opening to residents.
Water: Water consumption.
Environmental impacts from transport are not considered material for our organisation. While we report on Scope 3
emissions  as it relates  to air and ground  transport  during  business  hours,  we have  excluded  employee  transport  to work  due
to data  reporting  challenges.  Similarly,  we have  excluded  our supply  chain’s  movement  of goods  and materials  on our behalf.
2 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Carbon and energy
Carbon  and energy  data  within  this document  is to be read  in conjunction  with  our Carbon  and Energy  Deep  Dive  available
on our website .
Boundary and methodology
We report  our Scope  1 and Scope  2 emissions  according  to our operational  control  boundary  under  the National  Greenhouse
and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (NGER Act). We voluntarily report select Scope 3 emissions in accordance with the GHG
Protocol Corporate Standard. All of our operations are based in Australia.
Scope Boundary
Scope 1 Direct  emissions,  i.e. emissions  from  fuels  that are combusted  on site (including  natural  gas, diesel  and petrol  from  fleet)
as well as refrigerant leakage.
Direct emissions reported by contractors where we have operational control (typically residential community projects).
Contractors are required to supply their gas and fuel consumption data as part of monthly reporting.
Emissions from gas consumption across the Retail Town Centre, Workplace, Logistics, Residential and Retirement Living
assets for which we have operational control. For those assets that have missing invoices estimates are provided.
Tenant gas usage is not included except where we are the tenant.
Emissions from use of explosives by civil works contractors are excluded.
Scope 2 Indirect emissions from the consumption of electricity only.
Indirect  emissions  reported  by contractors  where  we have  operational  control  (typically  residential  community  projects).
Contractors are required to supply their electricity consumption data as part of monthly reporting.
Emissions from base building electricity across the Retail Town Centre, Workplace, Logistics, Residential and Retirement
Living assets for which we have operational control. For those assets that have missing invoices estimates are provided.
Tenant electricity usage is not included except where we are the tenant.
Scope 3 Other indirect emissions, including hire cars, rental vehicles and airline travel, transmission and production losses from
purchased electricity, gas and fleet  fuel and operational waste from our Commercial Property portfolio.
Notes:
•Development  contractor  resource  and energy  data  is provided  to us by third  party  contractors  in accordance  with  NGER
Act reporting requirements.•Logistics data is predominantly related to vacant spaces or minimal external and internal common area lighting. Due to
the high  volatility  of this energy  and water  consumption,  setting  meaningful  targets  becomes  difficult.  Additionally,  there
are currently no industry standards and therefore we have decided not to set targets for our Logistics portfolio.•We have embedded networks within our assets, and the usage of our residents and tenants is removed where the usage
is outside of our Operational Control under the NGER Act.
3 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Emissions
Total greenhouse gas emissions (tCO2-e)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Stockland group total Scope 1 21,028 24,230 25,453 26,884 35,036
Stockland group total Scope 2 53,751 70,545 82,591 87,860 89,881
Stockland group total Scope 1+2 emissions 74,779 94,775 108,044 114,744 124,917
Total scope 1 emissions (tCO2-e)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks base building gas 1,179 1,23111,160 1,010 1,080
Logistics centres gas - - - - –
Retail Town Centres gas 1,269 1,477 1,487 1,451 3982
Vehicle fleet  fuel 52 86 88 84 86
Refrigerant leaks32,655 1,149 3,203 3,224 3,091
Residential sites fuel & gas4118 100 69 52 10
Residential contractors fuel and gas 15,092 19,498 18,666 20,278529,5256
Retirement living communities fuel & gas7663 688 780 745 487
Retirement living contractors fuel, gas - - -8393 360
Total Scope 1 emissions 21,028 24,229 25,453 27,237 35,037
1 Increase due to major heating issues at Optus causing the boilers to operate longer and harder.
2 Gas increase due to the removal of electric duct heaters to efficient  central boiler heating system.
3 Excludes Refrigerant R-22 in line with NGERs reporting protocol.
4  FY17 onwards includes fuel (for residential site office  usage), whereas previous years only consumed gas.
5 Construction activities across master planned residential communities transition from civil works in FY16 to residential lots in FY17.
6 Figures reflect  our activity profile:  continuing increased development activity on existing and new sites.
7 FY19 onwards includes fuel (LPG), whereas previous years only consumed gas.
8 No development works in our Retirement Living business were considered to be within our operational control boundary from FY18.
Scope 1 emissions by business unit
Communities  (Residential)  constitutes  the largest  proportion  of our Scope  1 emissions  due to contractor  construction  activity
across our developments.
24% Commercial Property
72% Residential
3% Retirement Living
0% Corporate
4 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Total scope 2 emissions (tCO2-e) – location based
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Corporate tenancies electricity11,114 1,409 1,421 1,418 1,353
Workplace and Business Parks base
building electricity13,072 16,513 17,603 18,350 19,657
Logistics centres electricity 1,216 1,771 4,254 4,321 1,291
Retail Town Centres electricity 31,214 43,250 51,032 54,327 58,839
Residential sites electricity 1,316 1,532 1,413 1,413 1,515
Residential contractors electricity 80 35 84 147 299
Retirement living communities electricity 5,738 6,035 6,785 7,874 6,918
Retirement living contractors electricity 0 - -28 8
Total Scope 2 emissions 53,751 70,545 82,592387,858 89,880
1 In FY20 we began to procure Green Power to serve our Melbourne head office  post relocation. Carbon emissions associated with green power are taken to be zero.
2 No development works in our Retirement Living business were considered to be within our operational control boundary from FY18.
3 This figure  (82,592) varies from the Scope 2 emissions figure  provided on page 3 (82,591) because of rounding in this table.
Scope 2 emissions by business unit
Commercial  Property  constitutes  our largest  proportion  of Scope  2 emissions  and remains  the focus  of our strategic  energy
efficiency  initiatives  and our investment  in renewable  energy  generation.  See our Carbon  and Energy  Deep  Dive  for further
information on initiatives that contributed to our FY20 performance.
85% Commercial Property
3% Residential
11% Retirement Living
2% Corporate
Total scope 3 (tCO2-e)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Total transmission and production losses (from
purchased electricity, gas, water and fleet  fuel)7,518 10,469 13,216 14,675 14,782
Waste disposal111,494 13,803 14,892 11,990 20,571
Vehicle hire and hire car travel 26 38 64 35 42
Airline travel 1,912 3262 5694 4415 4233
Total Scope 3 emissions 20,950 27,572 33,866 31,115 39,628
1 From FY16 we expanded our boundary to include scope 3 emissions from waste generated at our Commercial Property assets.  
5 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Grid purchased (kWh)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Grid Purchased Electricity 65,332,536 84,032,338 98,976,436 104,704,935 106,364,803
•GreenPower 30,427
•Renewables (Grid) 12,407,401 15,966,144 15,836,230 14,658,691 13,827,424
•Grid (Brown) 52,894,709 68,066,194 83,140,206 90,046,244 92,537,379
Total scope 2 emissions (tCO2-e) – market based
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
•GreenPower 0
•Renewables (Grid) 0 0 0 0 0
•Brown (Grid) 51,589 66,386 78,191 83,764 85,092
Total large generating certificates  (LGC) sold
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
LGC sold (MWh) 15,287 11,573 589 2,139 1,918
LGC sold (tCO2-e) 14,910 11,287 554 1,990 1,764
Total scope 2 emissions (tCO2-e) – market based
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Total Scope 2 emissions - Net 66,498 77,673 78,745 85,754 86,856
Total scope 2 emissions (tCO2-e) – market based – factors
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Renewable Power Percentage % 0.19 0.19 0.16 0.14 0.13
National Emission Factor - Scope 2 (Market) 0.79 0.79 0.79 0.80 0.80
Estimated National RMF (kgCO2e/kWh) 0.98 0.98 0.94 0.93 0.92
Total greenhouse gas emissions (tCO2-e) – market based
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Stockland group total Scope 1 21,028 24,230 25,453 26,884 35,036
Stockland group total Scope 2 66,498 77,673 78,745 85,754 86,856
Stockland group total Scope 1+2 emissions 87,526 101,903 104,198 112,638 121,892
6 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Emissions intensity
We track our emissions on an intensity basis as this helps represent the greenhouse gas emissions from our Commercial
Property portfolio in a way that is isolated from the increases and decreases in emissions due to investments, divestments
and vacancies.  Intensity  metrics  are based  on the standard  measures  of net lettable  area  (NLA)  or gross  lettable  area  (GLA)
in square metres (where appropriate for each asset class). Emissions intensities only apply to stable operating assets such
as the Commercial Property portfolio.
Greenhouse gas emissions intensity (kgCO2-e/m2)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks base buildings 53.64 61.18 60.41 61.7 64.98
Floor area (NLA) of buildings in intensity
metric (m2)266,128 290,083 310,586 313,830 320,9431
% portfolio in intensity metric 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Retail Town Centres base buildings 32.66 42.25 49.54 52.92 56.58
Floor area (GLA) of buildings in intensity
metric (m2)994,896 1,057,605 1,056,205 1,054,234 1,047,054
% portfolio in intensity metric 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Commercial Property237.09 46.32 52 54.93 58.55
Floor area of buildings in intensity metric (m2) 1,260,794 1,347,716 1,366,882 1,368,011 1,366,279
% portfolio in intensity metric 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
1 Area-weighted intensity combination of Workplace and Business Parks assets.
2 Combined Workplace, Business Parks, and Retail Town Centres.
7 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Greenhouse gas emissions intensity (kgCO2-e/m2)
109 10972.0 72.065.0 65.061.5 61.560.7 60.758.6 58.654.9 54.952.0 52.046.3 46.337.1 37.143.6 43.6
Commercial
Property GHG
emissions intensity
(kg CO₂-e/m²)FY06FY12FY13FY14FY15FY16FY17FY18FY19FY20FY25 Target
Emissions intensity reductions
Annual Intensity Change (%)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks -12.3% 1.0% -2.0% -5.0% -4.0%
Retail Town Centres -22.7% -14.7% -6.0% -6.0% -3.0%
Commercial Property -19.9% -10.9% -5.0% -6.0% -4.0%
Other emissions
Stockland’s emissions of ozone-depleting substances are minimal and not considered material for reporting.
NOx  and SOx are material  for property  companies  that operate  key generation  plants  including  trigeneration.  Stockland  has
Scope 2 exposure to trigeneration, and is not in control of this plant, so we do not report emissions from generation, as per
other energy generation.
8 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Energy consumption
This section details the consumption of specific  energy types across the three businesses and group operations. These are
the sources of the greenhouse gas emissions reported under Scope 1 and 2.
Electricity
Purchased electricity (kWh)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Corporate tenancies 1,384,698 1,669,975 1,665,878 1,648,037 1,556,157
Workplace and Business Parks base buildings 15,311,742 19,246,269 21,644,622 22,255,609 24,120,329
Logistics centres 1,499,476 2,186,021 5,189,496 5,129,175 1,577,286
Retail Town Centres 38,522,642 52,039,389 60,791,065 64,878,522 69,088,256
Residential sites 1,593,538 1,828,237 1,695,059 1,729,655 1,824,740
Residential contractors 96,427 42,228 102,385 180,211 331,110
Retirement living communities 6,924,014 7,020,219 7,887,931 8,876,288 7,859,963
Retirement living contractors 0 0 017,438 6,962
Total 65,332,536 84,032,338 98,976,436 104,704,935 106,364,803
1 No development works in our Retirement Living business were considered to be within our operational control boundary from FY18.
Purchased electricity intensity (kWh/m2)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks base buildings 62.62 70.91 69.68 70.96 75.77
Floor area (NLA) of buildings in intensity
metric (m2)1 265,681 289,996 310,658 313,700 320,097
% of portfolio covered in intensity metric 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Retail Town Centres 38.75 49.15 57.32 61.79 65.98
Floor area (GLA) of buildings in intensity
metric (m2)994,532 1,057,562 1,056,145 1,050,411 1,047,054
% of portfolio covered in intensity metric 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Commercial Property243.78 53.83 60.13 63.89 68.26
Floor area of buildings in intensity metric (m2) 1,260,011 1,347,613 1,366,791 1,364,156 1,365,954
% of portfolio covered in intensity metric 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
1 NLA – Net Lettable Area; GLA – Gross Lettable Area.  
2 Area weighted intensity combination of Workplace, Business Parks, and Retail Town Centre assets
9 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Purchased electricity intensity reductions
Annual Intensity Change (%)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks -12% 2% -2% -6% -3%
Retail Town Centres -21% -14% -7% -6% 0%
Commercial Property1-19% -10% -6% -6% -2%
1 Area-weighted intensity combination of Workplace, Business Parks, and Retail Town Centre assets.
Renewables generation – Retail
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Solar generation (kWh) 22,246,182 12,958,224 3,274,463 2,387,168 1,940,689
Per cent of Retail Town Centre portfolio
electricity usage36.6% 19.9 5.13.62.8
Solar capacity installed (at period end) (kW) 16,781 16,400 4,360 2,260 1,360
Renewables generation – Logistics
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Solar generation (kWh)160,114 - - - -
Per cent of Logistics portfolio electricity usage 3.9% - - - -
Solar capacity installed (at period end) (kW) 770 - - - -
1 Figures relate to total electricity generation from photovoltaic power within financial  year.
10 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Fuels
Gas consumption (MJ)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks base buildings 22,876,338 23,893,430 22,503,346 19,605,661 20,949,926
Logistics centres 0 0 0 0 0
Retail Town Centres 24,620,332 28,656,262 28,850,605 28,164,87017,726,710
Residential sites 170,631 194,936 184,905 231,633 196,216
Residential contractors 4 0 0 0 0
Retirement living communities212,001,402 13,291,200 15,137,631 14,448,04939,451,522
Retirement living contractors 0 0 0 0 0
Total 59,668,708 66,035,828 66,676,487 62,450,213 38,324,374
1 Increase due to additional meters being found during embedded network assurance exercise.
2 FY19 onwards includes fuel (LPG), whereas previous years only consumed gas.
3 Increase  in retirement  living  village  gas consumption  primarily  associated  with  villages  transitioning  from  externally  managed  to internally  managed  and villages  under  development
transitioning to operational facilities.  
Fuel consumption1
FY201FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Diesel (L) 5,524,236 7,119,975 6,770,937 7,356,552 10,344,491
Bio diesel (L) 0 0 2,395 2,070 525,463
Petrol (L) 90,492 102,157 133,092 129,554 169,636
Ethanol (L) 2,198 7,789 8,636 8,451 4,689
LPG (L) 297 642 1,375 246 556
Oil (L) 17,470 25,938 37,291 42,802 71,973
Grease (kg) 13,057 16,350 17,386 32,592 66,070
1 Comprises corporate fleet  fuel, and residential and retirement living developments contractor fuel consumption (where in Stockland operational control).
1Comprises corporate fleet  fuel, and residential and retirement living developments contractor fuel consumption (where in Stockland operational control).
11 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Biodiversity
Biodiversity data presented in this section is to be read in conjunction with our Biodiversity Deep Dive  available on
our website .
Biodiversity impact and management
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Portfolio
Total projects with masterplan approval131 29 30 36 31
Total land area (ha) 9,617 8,751 9,088 10,312 8,637
Biodiversity impact
Total projects with areas of significant
biodiversity value2 23 20 20 25 25
Total land area of significant  biodiversity
value (ha)1,769 1,525 1,410 1,972 1,332
Total  land  area  of significant  biodiversity  value  to
be cleared (ha)848 749 576 587 425
Total land area to be conserved for biodiversity,
including onsite and offsite  (ha)2,735 2,410 2,202 1,972 1,750
Biodiversity management
Total projects with areas of significant
biodiversity value that have a biodiversity
management plan83% 80% 85% 48%
58%
Total land area to be regenerated, revegetated,
restored or rehabilitated on ground or through
offsets  (ha)2,190 1,998 1,671 1,567 1,641
Total projects working with community and non-
governmental organisations2 2 3 3 6
1 Our biodiversity results are representative of our residential projects that have received masterplan approval and/or were active developments as at 30 June 2020.
2 As defined  by the relevant state or federal legislation. All of our projects that with significant  biodiversity on site are required to develop a biodiversity management plan (see
Biodiversity Deep Dive).
12 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Projects with areas of significant  biodiversity value
The below table shows residential communities projects with areas of significant  biodiversity value that have an approved
masterplan. The change in biodiversity value refers to projects that have been assessed under our biodiversity calculator
since it was developed in FY15.
FY20
Region Development Location Total land (ha)Total Biodiversity
Area Approx (ha)1Change in
Biodiversity Index2
Victoria Cloverton Kalkallo 1141 300 18.05
Edgebrook Clyde 65.118 1 8.62
Grandview Truganina 120 120
Highlands Craigieburn 978.4 43.9
Minta Berwick 116.44 9.94 3.47
Mt Atkinson Truganina 319.4 38.66 4.11
Western Australia Amberton Eglington 198 20
Calleya Banjup 145 12.2 3.2
Sienna Wood Perth 330 7.4
Sinagra Perth 40.5 14.5
Vale (WA) Aveley 541 50
New South Wales Altrove Sydney 50 1 2.7
West Dapto 2 West Dapto 113 31.79 39.45
The Gables Box Hill 380 26.7
Willowdale Leppington 350 100
Queensland Augustine Heights Augustine Heights 183 47
Aura Caloundra 1595 300
Foreshore Coomera 116 51 7.02
Kalina Springfield 38 38
North Shore Burdell 1031 275
Pallara Brisbane 122.462 32 27.59
Paradise Waters Deeping Heights 338 249 31.53
1 Total land area of significant  biodiversity value is measured before development in our annual CCAP project survey.
2 A change in Biodiversity Index result is available for projects that achieved masterplan approval following the introduction of our calculator in 2016 and where approval is granted
for delivery of over 500 lots.
13 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Water management and quality
Water data in this section is to be read in conjunction with our Water Management and Quality Deep Dive  available on
our website.
Boundary and methodology
We report our water consumption according to our operational control boundary under the NGER Act. Communities water
consumption results are provided by collecting and collating water use from invoices. Where invoices are unavailable or
extend  across  financial  years,  estimates  are provided  for relevant  periods.  Water  consumption  by contractors  operating  on
our development  sites  is compiled  using  invoice  data  and estimates,  supplied  by contractors  through  monthly  health,  safety
and environment reports. These figures  are based on a combination of contractor estimates and invoice data. Reported
non-potable consumption includes rainwater tanks and bore water.
Water consumption
Communities water consumption (kL)
Communities water data varies from year to year due to activities such as filling  lakes in large developments and location
specific  variables such as natural rainfall, project life cycles, market conditions, site management techniques and local
landscaping requirements set by councils.
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Residential sites 260,614 217,578 620,654 546,670 600,623
Retirement living communities 1,679,904 1,757,203 1,683,353 1,463,459158,158
Contractors – Residential2494,832 451,937 392,940 577,59231,948,614
Contractors – Retirement Living 0 - -457358,985
Total 2,435,350 2,426,718 2,696,947 2,588,294 2,616,380
1 A combination of more operational sites and increased data capture in FY17 has translated to an increase in comparison to previous years for Retirement Living.  
2 Residential contractor water data varies from year to year due to activities such as dust suppression, to abnormal usage (filling  lakes) in large developments and location specific
variables  such  as natural  rainfall,  project  life cycles,  market  conditions,  site management  techniques  and local  landscaping  requirements  set by councils.  Furthermore,  contractors
self-report water data, which means we do not review each contractor’s data collection processes. 
3 Large civil works in FY16 for master planned communities have reduced in FY17 across developments such as Aura (Qld), Cloverton (Vic) and Calleya (WA).  
4 No development works in our Retirement Living business were considered to be within our operational control boundary from FY18.
5 Decrease in Retirement Living contractor consumption due to management of site and reporting by principal contractor.  
Communities water consumption – potable and non potable (kL)
Potable
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Residential sites 50,262 71,092 149,872 173,841 171,830
Retirement living communities 1,679,904 1,757,203 1,683,353 1,463,459 58,158
Contractors – residential 248,369 184,275 113,264 232,585 829,592
Contractors – retirement living 0 - 0 327 8,682
Total 1,978,535 2,012,570 1,946,489 1,870,212 1,068,262
14 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Non-potable
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Residential sites 210,352 146,486 470,782 372,829 428,793
Retirement living communities 0 - 0 0 0
Contractors – residential 246,463 267,661 279,675 345,007 1,119,022
Contractors – retirement living 0 - - 246 303
Total 456,815 414,147 750,457 718,082 1,548,118
Commercial property water consumption (kL)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Logistics 197,146 209,924 236,906 228,108 220,704
Retail Town Centres 961,482 1,101,228 1,097,238 1,112,672 1,153,565
Total Commercial Property11,158,629 1,311,152 1,334,144 1,340,780 1,374,269
1 Consumption Intensity data calculated based on Workplace and Business Parks, and Retail Town Centre consumption figures  only. Does not include Logistics.
Water consumption intensity
Intensity figures  in Commercial Property are derived from the total water consumption for each asset class over the year
divided by the total floor  area. Retail Town Centre and Workplace assets without a full 12 months of data include estimates
for the missing months.
Commercial property water consumption intensity (kL/m2)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks 0.55 0.62 0.67 0.64 0.65
Retail Town Centres 0.97 1.05 1.04 1.09 1.11
Total Commercial Property 0.88 0.96 1 1 1
Commercial property water consumption intensity reductions
Annual Intensity Change (%)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Workplace and Business Parks -11% -7% 5% -5% 12%
Retail Town Centres -8% 1% -5% -2% 0%
Total Commercial Property -8% 0% 1% -5% 4%
15 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Waste
Waste data in this section is to be read in conjunction with the Waste and Materials Deep Dive  available on our website.
Boundary
We report against the same NGER Act operational control boundary that we use for energy and water. We report on all
properties within this boundary, with the exception of some properties where our tenants run their own waste contracts.
We also report on a small number of additional properties that fall out of our NGER Act boundary, but where we manage
the waste contract for service provision purposes. Data provided by waste contractors is based on estimates (bin volumes
converted to tonnes rather than weighed).
Operational waste
Operational waste (tonnes)
Retail Town Centres Workplace and Business Parks
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY171FY16 FY20 FY19 FY18 FY171FY16
Total waste 14,367 17,265 17,577 17,351 17,895 531 1,007 1043 1,193 1,182
Total waste to landfill 9,212 10,768 11,730 11,969 10,858 339 712 661 739 680
Total waste recycled 5,155 6,497 5,846 5,382 7,038 192 295 383 454 502
Diversion from landfill  (%) 36% 38 33 31 39 36% 29 37 38 42
% portfolio reporting 97 97 97 95 95 70 85 85 85 100
1 FY17 data restated due to contractor reporting error.
Development waste
Commercial Property
Our Commercial  Property  development  construction  waste  is calculated  based  on the total  number  of projects  for which  we
are the developer.  Active  waste  is tracked  through  the builders,  as for these  sites  the principal  contractor  has active  control.
The data reported relates to our Retail Town Centre developments as there have been no significant  Workplace
developments since FY12.
Retail town centres development waste (tonnes)
FY18-FY20 FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Total waste 5,284 35 878 4,371 1,396 3,253
Waste recycled 4,768 29 829 3,910 678 2,684
Waste to landfill 152 6 50 461 718 569
Diversion from landfill 90% 83% 94% 89% 49% 83%
Developments  included  (% by
project value)100% 100% 100% 100% 96% 100%
16 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Communities
All Communities waste data was provided by contractors operating on our development sites during the reporting period.
Data is estimated by contractors and is collected from monthly health, safety and environment reports submitted to us by
our contractors for all developments within our operational control.
Communities contractor waste (tonnes)
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Total waste 49,567 41,093 19,625 41,237 35,424
Waste diverted from landfill 48,633 40,430 18,441 39,923 33,881
Waste sent to landfill 934 663 1,184 1,314 1,542
Diversion from landfill 98% 98% 94% 97% 96%
17 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Asset ratings and certifications
The tables  below  list ratings  and certifications  achieved  across  our portfolio,  focusing  on Green  Star and NABERS  rating  tools.
Information  on achievements  specific  to FY20  are provided  in our Carbon  and Energy  Deep  Dive . Information  on our use of
ratings  and certifications  across  our portfolio  is provided  in Our Management  Approach  to Asset  Rating  and Certification .
Green Star Performance
Green Star Performance is a voluntary certification  that rates building performance in operation.
Green Star Performance, Retail Town Centres
Building namePotable Water
(kL/m2/annum)GHG emissions
(kg/CO2-e/
annum/m2)Points awarded Rating
StocklandGlendale (NSW) 0.89 14 40 3 Star
Stockland Baulkham Hills (NSW) 1.41 62 33.5 3 Star
StocklandForster (NSW) 0.6 9 44.5 3 Star
StocklandNowra (NSW) 0.51 35 40.5 3 Star
StocklandRockhampton (Qld) 1.62 109 30 3 Star
StocklandCaloundra (Qld) 0.53 45 38.5 3 Star
Stockland Green Hills (NSW) 0 0 24 2 Star
StocklandShellharbour (NSW) 1.73 68 34 3 Star
StocklandTownsville (Qld) 1.26 112 36.5 3 Star
StocklandGladstone (Qld) 1.1 33 34.5 3 Star
StocklandCairns (Qld) 1.25 90 39.5 3 Star
Stockland Burleigh Heads (Qld) 0.58 74 37 3 Star
StocklandBundaberg (Qld) 0.94 69 35 3 Star
Stockland Bull Creek (WA) 0 25 32 3 Star
StocklandRiverton (WA) 0.98 35 34 3 Star
Stockland Hervey Bay (Qld) 0.69 73 39.5 3 Star
Stockland Point Cook (Vic) 0.79 103 31.5 3 Star
StocklandTraralgon (Vic) 0.58 64 38 3 Star
Stockland The Pines (Vic) 1.01 91 28 2 Star
StocklandWendouree (Vic) 0.64 45 37.5 3 Star
Stockland Merrylands 1.42 89 32 3 Star
Stockland Wetherill Park - 93 32.5 3 Star
Stockland Baldivis 1.42 68 26 2 Star
18 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Green Star Performance, Workplace and Business Parks
Building namePotable Water
(kL/m2/annum)GHG emissions
(kg/CO2-e/
annum/m2)Points awarded Rating
110 Walker Street (NSW) 0.872 63 31.5 3 Star
16 Giffnock  Avenue (NSW) 0.695 90 28.5 2 Star
2 Victoria Ave (WA) - - 18 1 Star
601 Pacific  Highway (NSW) 0.682 67 31.5 3 Star
66 Waterloo Road (NSW) 0.469 54 34 3 Star
Durack Centre (WA) - 62 23 2 Star
Macquarie Technology Centre (NSW) 3.073 155 17 1 Star
Optus Centre (NSW) 0.72 84 31.5 3 Star
Satellite Corporate Centre
1.04 122 21 2 Star
350 Wellington Road (Vic)
Satellite Corporate Centre
0.546 140 23.5 2 Star
352 Wellington Road (Vic)
Satellite Corporate Centre
0.726 357 15 1 Star
690 Springvale Road (Vic)
Triniti Business Campus
0.805 72 37 3 Star
Building T1 (NSW)
Triniti Business Campus
0.805 83 36 3 Star
Building T2 NSW)
Triniti Business Campus
0.805 63 38 3 Star
Building T3 (NSW)
133 Castlereagh Street (NSW) 31 3 Star
222 Pitt Street (NSW) 33.5 3 Star
19 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Green Star Built Form rating tools
Our Green  Star ratings  achieved  using  built  form  rating  tools  including  Green  Star Design  & As Built,  Green  Star Communities,
and Green Star Interiors, are provided in the table below.
Asset typeAsset Design rating
(star)As Built rating
(star)Green Star Tool
Retail Town Centre Stockland North Shore (Qld) 4 4 Retail Centre v1
Stockland Townsville (Qld) 4 4 Retail Centre v1
Stockland Merrylands (Stages 3 & 4) (NSW) 4 – Retail Centre v1
Stockland Shellharbour (NSW) 4 4 Retail Centre v1
Stockland Hervey Bay (Qld) 4 4 Retail Centre v1
Stockland Baldivis (WA) 4 4 Retail Centre v1
Stockland Wetherill Park (NSW) 5 5 Retail Centre v1
Stockland Harrisdale (WA) 4 4 Retail Centre v1
Stockland Green Hills (NSW) 5 5 Retail Centre v1
Stockland Birtinya (QLD) - 5 Design & As Built v1.1
Workplace Triniti, Building A, 39 Delhi Road, North Ryde, NSW – 5 Office  v2
Triniti, Building B, 39 Delhi Road, North Ryde, NSW – 5 Office  v2
Triniti, Building C, 39 Delhi Road, North Ryde, NSW – 5 Office  v2
2 Victoria Avenue, Perth, WA 6 5 Office  v2
Brisbane Head Office,  Level 4, 99 Melbourne Street,
Brisbane, QLD- 6 Interiors v1.1
Sydney Head Office,  L22-29, 133 Castlereagh Street,
Sydney, NSW– 6 Interiors v1.1
Communities
(Residential)Aura (formerly Caloundra South) (Qld)6 Communities Pilot
Altrove (NSW) 5 Communities
Willowdale (NSW) 6 Communities
Cloverton (Vic) 6 Communities
Calleya (WA) 6 Communities
Newport (Qld) 5 Communities
Waterlea (formerly Stamford Park)(Vic) 6 Communities
Communities
(Retirement Living)Affinity  Clubhouse at Affinity  Retirement Village,
Baldivis (WA)5 5 Public Building Pilot
Newport Retirement Living Village (Qld) 4 4Design  and As Built  v1.1
Shine Birtinya Retirement Living Village (QLD) 4Design  and As Built  v1.1
Selandra Rise Retirement Village (Vic) 4 – Custom
Mernda Retirement Village (Vic) 4 – Custom
Willowdale Retirement Village (NSW) 4 – Custom
20 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
NABERS
We undertake NABERS Energy and NABERS Water ratings on the base building across Retail Town Centre, Workplace and
Business Parks assets. NABERS ratings are completed on a calendar year basis.
NABERS Ratings – Retail town centres
NABERS Energy Rating NABERS Water Rating
201912018 2017 2016 2015 201912018 2017 2016 2015
StocklandCairns (Qld ) 5.5 4.5 4.5 5.0 4.0 4.0 4.0 4.0 NA 4.0
StocklandTownsville (Qld) 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.0 3.5 4.0 3.5 4.0 4.0 4.0
StocklandRockhampton (Qld) 4.0 4.0 3.5 3.0 3.5 2.5 3.0 2.5 2.5 2.5
StocklandGladstone (Qld) 5.5 5.0 5.5 5.5 4.5 4.5 4.5 NA NA 3.0
StocklandBundaberg (Qld) 6.0 4.5 4.0 4.5 5.0 3.5 3.5 4.0 4.5 4.0
StocklandCaloundra (Qld) 5.5 5.0 4.5 4.5 4.5 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.0
Stockland Hervey Bay (Qld) 6.0 5.0 4.5 5.0 4.5 4.0 5.0 5.0 4.0 4.5
Stockland Burleigh Heads (Qld) 5.0 4.0 4.0 3.5 3.5 5.0 4.5 4.5 4.5 5.0
StocklandForster (NSW) 6.0 6.0 6.0 6.0 6.0 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5
Stockland Green Hills (NSW) 5.0 NA NA NA 3.5 3.0 NA NA NA 3.0
StocklandGlendale (NSW) 6.0 6.0 6.0 6.0 6.0 4.0 4.0 3.5 3.5 3.5
Stockland Baulkham Hills (NSW) 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.0 4.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 1.0 0.0
Stockland Wetherill Park (NSW) 4.0 3.0 3.0 2.5 NA 2.0 2.5 3.0 NA NA
StocklandShellharbour (NSW) 5.0 5.0 5.0 4.0 4.5 2.5 2.5 1.0 1.5 1.5
StocklandNowra (NSW) 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5 5.0 4.5 4.5 4.5
StocklandTraralgon (Vic) 5.0 4.0 4.0 4.0 4.0 4.5 5.0 4.5 4.0 4.0
StocklandWendouree (Vic) 5.0 4.5 4.5 4.0 4.0 4.0 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5
Stockland Bull Creek (WA) 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.0 2.0 1.0 NA NA NA
StocklandRiverton (WA) 4.0 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5 2.0 2.5 2.0 1.5 NA
Stockland The Pines (Vic) 4.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.5 3.5 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.0
Stockland Point Cook (Vic) 4.5 3.0 2.5 1.5 2.5 4.5 4.5 4.0 4.0 4.0
StocklandMerrylands (NSW) 4.5 4.0 4.0 NA NA 2.5 2.5 2.0 NA NA
StocklandBaldivis (WA) 3.0 3.0 2.5 2.0 NA 3.0 1.0 2.0 NA NA
Stockland Balgowlah (NSW) 1.5 NA NA NA NA 2.0 NA NA NA NA
Stockland Harrisdale (WA) 0.0 NA NA NA NA 1.0 NA NA NA NA
Stockland Birtinya (QLD) 6.0 NA NA NA NA 3.5 NA NA NA NA
NABERS Retail Portfolio Average 4.7 4.3 4.1 3.9 4.1 3.4 3.4 3.1 3.2 2.8
NABERS Retail Portfolio Average (By
% ownership)4.7 4.3 3.4
1 2019 NABERS data relates to the 2020 NABERS rating period.
21 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
NABERS Ratings – Workplace and Business Parks
NABERS Energy Rating NABERS Water Rating
2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015
Workplace
Piccadilly Tower, 133 Castlereagh St, Sydney 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.0 4.0 4.0 4.0 4.5 4.5
Piccadilly Court, 222 Pitt St, Sydney 4.5 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.0 4.0 3.5 4.0 4.0 4.0
110 Walker St, North Sydney 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.0 4.5 3.0 3.5 3.0 3.0 3.5
601 Pacific  Hwy, St Leonards 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.0 3.5 3.0 3.0 4.0 4.0
Durack Centre, 263 Adelaide Terrace, Perth 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5 5.0 NA 4.5 NA NA 3.5
2 Victoria Avenue, Perth 4.0 4.0 0.0 NA 5.0 NA 3.5 0.0 NA 4.0
NABERS Workplace Portfolio Average 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.6 4.5 3.8 3.6 3.5 3.9 3.7
NABERS Workplace Portfolio Average (By
% ownership)4.7 4.6 3.7 3.6
Business Parks
Optus Centre, 1 Lyon Park Road, North Ryde 5.014.5 4.5 5.0 5.0 NA NA24.0 3.5 3.5
Triniti, Building A, 39 Delhi Road, North Ryde3
5.55.0 4.5 4.5 5.0
3.54.0 3.5 3.5 5.0
Triniti, Building B, 39 Delhi Road, North Ryde 5.0 4.5 4.5 5.0 4.0 3.5 3.5 4.0
Triniti, Building C, 39 Delhi Road, North Ryde 5.0 5.0 5.0 5.0 4.0 3.5 3.5 3.5
66 Waterloo Road, North Ryde 5.5 5.5 5.5 5.0 5.0 4.5 4.0 4.0 4.5 4.5
16 Giffnock  Ave, North Ryde 4.5 4.0 4.0 4.0 3.5 3.5 3.5 3.5 3.5 3.5
11-17 Khartoum Road, North Ryde NA 3.0 2.0 2.0 4.0 NA 0.0 0.0 0.0 NA
350 Wellington Rd, Mulgrave NA 2.0 3.0 NA 3.0 NA 0.0 0.0 NA NA
352 Wellington Rd, Mulgrave 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.5 4.5 3.5 3.5 3.5 NA
690 Springvale Rd, Mulgrave 3.0 2.5 2.0 NA 1.5 3.5 4.0 2.5 NA NA
NABERS Business Parks Portfolio Average 4.8 4.3 4.2 4.7 4.9 3.7 3.2 3.5 3.4 3.6
NABERS Business Parks Portfolio Average (By
% ownership)4.7 4.3 3.7 3.2
NABERS Workplace and Business Parks
Combined Portfolio Average4.8 4.4 4.3 4.7 4.7 3.7 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.6
NABERS Workplace and Business Parks
Combined  Portfolio  Average  (By % ownership)4.7 4.4 3.7 3.4
1 The NABERS Energy rating for Optus Centre is undergoing a Level 2 audit and is not yet certified  (as at Aug 2021).
2 No water rating possible for Optus due to issues with water utility data
3 The energy and water ratings for Triniti (NSW) are both single ratings for the whole campus.
22 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
NABERS Ratings – Stockland Corporate Office
We are a CitySwitch signatory for our corporate offices  in Sydney, Melbourne and Perth. We complete a NABERS Tenancy
rating each calendar year for our corporate offices,  as outlined below.
Tenancy Rating
2019 2018 2017 2016 2015
Sydney Head Office,  L22-29, 133
Castlereagh Street5.014.0 4.0 4.0 4.5
Melbourne Head Office,  L7, 452 Flinders Street NA 4.0 3.5 3.5 3.5
Perth Head Office,  L12, 263 Adelaide Terrace 5.0 4.5 3.5 3.5 3.5
Brisbane Head Office,  L4, 99 Melbourne Street 4.5 4.5 4.5 NA NA
1 The NABERS Energy rating for the Stockland Sydney Head Office  is undergoing a Level 2 audit and is not yet certified  (as at Aug 2021).
Climate resilience
The tables  below  summarise  the individual  climate  resilience  scores  for our retail  town  centres,  residential  communities  and
retirement living communities. In FY20 we have migrated to a new climate resilience assessment tool which has a different
scoring methodology. All previously reported scores have been re-scored to align with the new methodology to allow for
comparative benchmarking against more recent assessments using the new tool.
Resilience scores range from 1 to 4 (outstanding resilience), 4 to 9 (high resilience), 9 to 16 (moderate resilience) and 16 to
25 (high vulnerability). Our Management Approach to Climate Resilience  provides more detail on our climate resilience
assessment methods.
23 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Climate resilience scores by asset
Location Year AssessedClimate
Resilience
Rating
Commercial Property
Hendra Distribution Centre, Brisbane 2019 8.07
32 Toll Drive, Altona 2018 8.86
Yennora Distribution Centre, Yennora 2018 6.95
601 Pacific  Highway, St Leonards 2018 5.11
Durack Centre & 2 Victoria Avenue, Perth 2011 8.24
Triniti Business Park 2018 7.91
Stockland Baldivis 2020 6.02
Stockland Bull Creek 2013 7.97
Stockland Bundaberg 2015 8.81
Stockland Burleigh Heads 2019 8.13
Stockland Cairns 2017 9.35
Stockland Caloundra 2018 7.59
Stockland Forster 2015 7.03
Stockland Gladstone 2017 8.28
Stockland Green Hills 2012 7.81
Stockland Hervey Bay 2017 8.94
Stockland North Shore 2017 8.12
Stockland Nowra 2016 6.32
Stockland Point Cook 2012 7.93
Stockland Riverton 2020 6.05
Stockland Rockhampton 2013 9.16
Stockland Shellharbour 2019 7.24
Stockland Townsville & K Mart 2018 8.52
Stockland Traralgon 2014 7.89
Stockland Wendouree 2013 7.21
Stockland Wetherill Park 2012 8.22
Commercial Property Average (Climate Resilience) 7.76
Portfolio coverage (Logistics) 14%
Portfolio coverage (Business Parks) 17%
Portfolio coverage (Workplace) 50%
Portfolio coverage (Retail) 68%
Portfolio coverage (Total) 44%
24 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Location Year AssessedClimate
Resilience
Rating
Communities (Residential)
Altona North 2018 9.77
Altrove 2018 11.13
Braybrook 2018 9.55
Calleya 2017 9.39
Aura 2016 8.55
Cloverton 2016 9.9
Clyde North 2018 10.74
Glendalough 2018 5.45
Hope Island 2019 4.6
Illawarra 2019 7.09
Kalina Springfield  (formerly Springview Estate) 2018 6.74
Minta Farm 2019 6.04
Mt Atkinson / Grandview 2018 9.14
Newport (Stage 1) 2016 9.28
Newport (Stage 2) 2018 9.21
North Shore 2017 7.93
Oceanside 2017 8.28
Pallara 2017 9.44
Paradise Waters 2018 6.83
Red Hill 2018 5.35
Rothwell Promenade 2019 7.09
Sienna Wood (Formerly Wungong) 2017 11.45
Stamford Park 2016 9.03
Wellard Farms 2019 7.75
West Dapto 2 2019 6.83
Willowdale 2016 9.09
Communities (Residential) Average 7.99
25 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Location Year AssessedClimate
Resilience
Rating
Communities (Retirement Living)
Bellevue Gardens 2018 10.47
Calleya 2017 8.25
Cardinal Freeman 2017 7.11
Farrington Grove 2017 5.58
Foreshore (Riverstone) 2017 10.93
Gillin Park 2017 9.38
Golden Ponds Resort 2018 10.02
Hillsview 2018 8.39
Maybrook 2016 8.78
Oak Grange 2017 9.18
Oceanside 2017 8.3
Patterson Lakes 2016 9.84
Pine Lake 2020 7.04
The Cove 2016 13.34
The Pines 2017 9.14
The Village Swansea 2017 7.76
Toowong 2017 7.96
Walnut Grove 2016 9.54
Wamberal Gardens 2018 9.54
Willowdale 2017 8.87
Communities (Retirement Living) Average 8.97
Portfolio coverage (Retirement Living) 32%
26 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 Environmental Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
SUSTAINABILTY DEEP DIVE SERIES FY20
People Data Pack
Background notes
We report  our people  data  holistically,  given  our consistent  approach  to managing  our people  across  our business  units.  All
of our operations are based in Australia.
Percentage figures  provided in this data pack may not sum to exactly 100 per cent because of rounding.
Our Workforce
Workforce by employment status
Status FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
Full Time 1,260 1,278 1,301 1,192 1,135 1,121
•Permanent11,183 1,191 1,219 1,122 1,073 1,058
•Fixed Term2288 87 82 70 62 63
Part Time 307 313 333 331 308 295
•Permanent 288 297 314 316 298 282
•Fixed Term 19 16 19 15 10 13
Casual344 47 56 55 55 46
Total Headcount41,611 1,638 1,690 1,578 1,498 1,462
FTE51,449 1,463 1,561 1,472 1,386 1,345
1 Permanent employees are employed by Stockland on a full time (38 hours per week) or part time basis (less than 38 hours per week).
2 Fixed term employees are employed by Stockland for a fixed  term (their employment has an agreed end date).
3 Casual employees are paid on an hourly basis.
4 Total headcount includes permanent employees, fixed  term employees and casual employees. It excludes Board members, temps, special contractors, vendors.
5 FTE  (Full  Time  Equivalent)  adjusts  headcount  for hours  worked.  It is calculated  by dividing  an employee’s  working  hours  by the standard  full time  working  hours  (38).  The FTE measure
excludes casual employees.
1 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Workforce by region
State/Territory FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
New South Wales 873 886 921 843 821 826
Queensland 290 301 323 307 275 283
Victoria 280 281 279 264 240 229
Western Australia 91 95 95 94 97 98
South Australia 72 70 67 66 62122
Australian Capital Territory 5 5 5 4 3 4
Total 1,611 1,638 1,690 1,578 1,498 1,462
1 Stockland acquired eight retirement living villages in South Australia in July 2016.
Workforce by gender
FY20
Employment status FEMALE FEMALE % MALE MALE % TOTAL
Full Time Permanent 608 51% 575 49% 1,183
Part Time Permanent 248 86% 40 14% 288
Fixed Term 54 56% 42 44% 96
Casual 36 82% 8 18% 44
Total 946 59% 665 41% 1,611
Workforce by age category
FY20
Age FEMALE MALE TOTAL TOTAL %
<25 59 32 91 6%
25 - <35 276 167 443 27%
35 - <45 273 189 462 29%
45 - <55 197 143 340 21%
55 - <65 113 113 226 14%
>65 28 21 49 3%
Total 946 665 1,611 100%
Our governance bodies are outlined in Our Management Approach to Governance and Risk , however we do not provide
a breakdown of our governance bodies by age or minority group.
Median age of workforce
Year Median age
FY20 40
FY19 40
FY18 40
FY17 39
FY16 39
2 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Remuneration
The remuneration ratio for our highest paid employee to median employee salary is provided in the table below. Our
Remuneration Report is contained within the Annual Report. We do not report on the ratio of standard entry level wage
compared to minimum wage. Our operations are based in Australia and all employees are paid above the Australian
minimum  wage.  For those  employees  with  a relevant  Award,  we review  their  remuneration  on an annual  basis  to provide  for
remuneration above the minimum rate in their Award.
Remuneration ratio – Managing Director/Employee
Ratio
Remuneration measure1FY192FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
Managing  Director’s  annual  total  compensation  ÷
employee median annual total compensation40 39 46 48 44
% increase in Managing Director’s annual total
compensation ÷ employee’s median % increase-4.63 -5.38 1.08 -0.26 1.5
1 Annual  total  compensation  for each  year  is calculated  as Fixed  Pay FTE (as at 30 June  of end of performance  year)  + STI FTE (awarded  for relevant  performance  year)  + LTI (allocated
at start of performance year), for employees who participated in the Remuneration Review plus sales employees paid on a commission basis.
2 The  FY20  remuneration  measure  of Manager  Director  annual  total  compensation  to employee  median  annual  total  compensation  was not available  at time  of publication,  thus  will
be published in a subsequent release of the People Data Pack
3 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Employee Engagement
We measure  employee  engagement  annually  through  the Our Voice  employee  survey,  independently  administered  by survey
provider  Willis  Towers  Watson.  Selected  survey  results  are provided  in the table  below,  followed  by metrics  on absenteeism,
new hires, turnover, and parental leave.
Our Voice employee engagement survey
Survey question/Metric FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17
Employee engagement
Employee engagement score82 per cent
81 per cent 83 per cent 82 per cent4 points above Australian
National Norm
Employees  indicating  they  fully  support  the values
for which Stockland stands97 per cent
96 per cent 96 per cent 96 per cent6 points above Australian
National Norm
Employees who believe strongly in the goals and
objectives of Stockland89 per cent
92 per cent 92 per cent 91 per cent3 points above Australian
National Norm
Employees  willing  to work  beyond  what  is required
to help Stockland succeed93 per cent
93 per cent 95 per cent 95 per cent1 point above Australian
National Norm
Corporate responsibility and sustainability
Corporate responsibility and sustainability score 82 per cent 87 per cent 89 per cent 88 per cent
Employees who believe that we do a good
job integrating sustainability into our projects
and activities 82 per cent 86 per cent 88 per cent 86 per cent
Employees who believe that we do a good
job integrating sustainability into our products
and services 83 per cent 84 per cent 86 per cent 84 per cent
Diversity and Inclusion
Diversity and Inclusion score86 per cent
86 per cent 87 per cent 87 per cent5 points above Australian
National Norm
Employees considering that Stockland supports
equal opportunity for all employees.89 per cent
86 per cent 86 per cent 86 per cent18 points above Australian
National Norm
Employees considering men and women have the
same opportunities to advance 72 per cent 75 per cent 81 per cent 83 per cent
Employees considering the working environment
to be accepting of disabilities or psychological/
physical impairment 83 per cent 87 per cent 87 per cent 86 per cent
Employees who believe Stockland is accepting of
varied cultural background or lifestyles94 per cent
95 per cent 94 per cent 93 per cent3 points above Australian
National Norm
4 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Survey question/Metric FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17
Health and safety
Health and safety score93 per cent
93 per cent 93 per cent 92 per cent6 points above Australian
National Norm
Employees  indicating  their  work  area  is a safe place
to work96 per cent
95 per cent 96 per cent 96 per cent4 points above Australian
National Norm
Employees believing we provide adequate OH&S
systems, resources, and training 93 per cent 92 per cent 92 per cent 90 per cent
Employees considering prompt and effective
action  is taken  when  unsafe  conditions  are brought
to management attention90 per cent
91 per cent 90 per cent 90 per cent8 points above Australian
National Norm
Leadership
Overall leadership score 70 per cent 67 per cent 73 per cent 73 per cent
Employees  have  a clear  sense  of direction  from  the
Leadership Team 79 per cent 75 per cent 81 per cent 80 per cent
Absenteeism1
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
Absent Days per FTE15.0 4.5 4.7 4.7 4.9 4.9
1 Absenteeism reflects  the amount of personal/carer’s leave taken in the last 12 months. It is calculated by dividing [Total Days Of Personal/Carer’s Leave In The Last 12 Months] By
[12-Month Average FTE]. Absenteeism includes permanent, extended leave and fixed  term employees only.
New hires by age group
FY20 <25 25 - <35 35 - <45 45 - <55 55 - <65 >65
Number 48 95 78 48 16 1
Per cent 17% 33% 27% 17% 6% 0%
New hires by gender
FY20 MALE FEMALE
Number 116 170
Per cent 41% 59%
1Absenteeism reflects  the amount of personal/carer’s leave taken in the last 12 months. It is calculated by dividing [Total Days Of Personal/Carer’s Leave In The Last 12 Months] By
[12-Month Average FTE]. Absenteeism includes permanent, extended leave and fixed  term employees only.
5 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Turnover1
Turnover FY20 FY191FY182FY17 FY16 FY15
Employee initiated turnover312.1% 16.3% 14.1% 15.1% 14.9% 13.8%
(177) (249) (214) (220) (216) (193)
•Employee initiated
turnover for employees
with Strong performance
or above49.2% 13.9% 10.9% 10.6% 11.8%512.2%6
(76) (120) (97) (104) (143) (150)
Stockland initiated turnover75.2% 4.3% 2.4% 2.4% 5.6%83.0%
(76) (66) (37) (35) (81) (42)
Total17.3% 20.7% 16.5% 17.5% 20.5% 16.8%
(253) (315) (251) (255) (297) (235)
1 In FY20 the methodology and data exports for calculating turnover was changed. The FY19 data has been updated using the new methodology and data sets.
2 FY18 Employee initiated turnover for employees with Strong performance or above percentage figures  have been updated using the calculation method consistent with FY19, FY17,
FY16 and FY15. The calculation is the number of voluntary, strong performer leavers divided by the number of strong performers at the start of the year.
3 Employee-initiated turnover includes resignations and retirements.
4 Stockland  uses  a four-point  rating  scale  for performance.  This  metric  assesses  turnover  for the two highest  performance  ratings.  Employee-initiated  turnover  employees  with  Strong
Performance  or Above  is calculated  by dividing  [Total  Number  Of Exits  In The Last  12 Months  With  A Strong  Performance  Or Above  Rating]  by [Employees  With  A Strong  Performance
Or Above Rating].
5 FY16  Employee  Initiated  for employees  with  Strong  Performance  or Above  is calculated  by dividing  [Total  Number  Of Exits  In The Last  12 Months  With  A Strong  Performance  Or Above
Rating] by [Employees With A Strong Performance Or Above Rating As At 30 June 2016].
6 FY15 Employee Initiated For Strong Performance or Above is calculated by dividing [Total Number Of Exits In The Last 12 Months With A Strong Performance Or Above Rating] by
[Employees With A Strong Performance Or Above Rating As At 30 June 2015].
7 Stockland initiated turnover includes redundancy or termination by Stockland (e.g. terminated during probation or for cause).
8 Stockland initiated turnover increased in the second half of FY16 as a result of redundancies that were a part of Project Support. Project Support was an initiative to create an
outsourced team (Stockland Support Centre) to undertake activities to allow Stockland to better focus on the needs of our customers. The Project Support redundancies make up
3% of Stockland initiated turnover.
Turnover by tenure group2
Tenure group FY20 FY191FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
<1 Year15.0% 16.4% 14.6% 20.1% 22.5% 18.8%
(31) (38) (38) (46) (50) (40)
1 - <3 Years21.0% 28.4% 20.9% 19.8% 21.5% 20.0%
(85) (120) (84) (78) (83) (71)
3 - <5 Years18.0% 23.2% 15.9% 19.4% 19.7% 16.4%
(44) (61) (42) (47) (50) (43)
5 - <10 Years16.1% 15.1% 16.0% 16.8% 20.3% 14.8%
(56) (51) (55) (64) (82) (59)
>10 Years14.1% 16.7% 12.5% 9.3% 17.5% 14.0%
(37) (45) (32) (20) (32) (22)
1 In FY20 the methodology and data exports for calculating turnover was changed. The FY19 data has been updated using the new methodology and data sets.
1Turnover  presents  the proportion  of the Stockland  workforce  that  has exited  in the last 12 months.  It is calculated  by dividing  [Total  Number  Of Exits  In The Last  12 Months]  by [12-Month
Average  Headcount].  All turnover  data  (including  headcount)  excludes  those  employed  on a casual  or fixed  term  basis.  The first number  represents  this turnover.  From  FY15  onwards,
Stockland reports on the number of exits (the second number in parentheses).
2Turnover (%) by tenure group is calculated by dividing [Total Number Of Exits In The Last 12 Months Of Particular Tenure Group] by [12-Month Average Headcount Of Particular
Tenure Group].
6 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Turnover by age group1
Age group FY20 FY191FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
<2512.5% 25.1% 13.6% 6.7% 22.8% 14.6%
(9) (17) (9) (4) (11) (7)
25 - <3521.4% 22.9% 16.4% 24.6% 19.4% 19.4%
(84) (102) (75) (107) (87) (87)
35 - <4516.8% 20.5% 17.6% 14.6% 19.2% 14.2%
(73) (92) (79) (65) (88) (63)
45 - <5516.3% 21.6% 17.4% 14.2% 22.5% 14.0%
(51) (70) (58) (45) (68) (38)
55 - <6512.6% 15.0% 13.1% 15.6% 21.6% 17.5%
(27) (30) (24) (27) (36) (27)
>6522.3% 11.1% 17.0% 24.5% 25.6% 41.4%
(9) (4) (6) (7) (7) (13)
1 In FY20 the methodology and data exports for calculating turnover was changed. The FY19 data has been updated using the new methodology and data sets.
Turnover by gender2
Gender Turnover FY20 FY191FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
MaleTotal16.4% 20.5% 16.3% 19.3% 19.2% 19.2%
(100) (129) (103) (117) (117) (111)
Employee initiated turnover11.0% 15.6% 13.3% 16.0% 14.1% 16.4%
(67) (98) (84) (97) (86) (94)
•Employee initiated
turnover for employees
with Strong performance
or above7.2% 13.3% 6.6% 10.6% 10.4% 14.6%
(26) (50) (42) (42) (54) (72)
Stockland initiated turnover5.4% 4.9% 3.0% 3.3% 5.1% 2.8%
(33) (31) (19) (20) (31) (17)
FemaleTotal17.9% 20.8% 16.6% 16.2% 21.4% 15.2%
(153) (186) (148) (138) (180) (124)
Employee initiated turnover12.8% 16.9% 14.6% 14.4% 15.5% 12.1%
(110) (151) (130) (123) (130) (99)
•Employee initiated
turnover for employees
with Strong performance
or above10.7% 14.4% 6.2% 12.2% 12.8% 10.7%
(50) (70) (55) (70) (89) (78)
Stockland Initiated turnover5.0% 3.9% 2.0% 1.8% 5.9% 3.1%
(43) (35) (18) (15) (50) (25)
1 In FY20 the methodology and data exports for calculating turnover was changed. The FY19 data has been updated using the new methodology and data sets.
1Turnover  (%) by age group  is calculated  by dividing  [Total  Number  Of Exits  In The Last  12 Months  Of Selected  Age Group]  by [12-Month  Average  Headcount  Of Particular  Age Group].
2Turnover (%) by gender is calculated by dividing [Total Number Of Exits In The Last 12 Months Of Particular Gender] by [12-Month Average Headcount Of Particular Gender].
7 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Parental leave return rate within 12 months1
Gender Total Leave ReturnsFY20 Return
RateFY19 FY18 FY17 FY16
Male 29 28 96.6% 75.0% 90.0% 94.1% 94.4%
Female 92 74 80.4% 89.0% 91.5% 80.4% 79.2%
Overall 121 102 84.3% 85.7% 91.0% 82.3% 84.1%
1Parental leave return rates look at the return rates of employees who have returned from parental leave in FY19 and FY20 and either remain employed (returns) or exited during
FY20 either within 6 months or 12 months of return.
8 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Human capital development
Learning
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
Training days per employee12.3 1.6 2.0 2.5 3.1 2.5
1 Training days per employee is calculated by dividing [Total Number Of Training Hours/7.8] by [12-Month Average Headcount].
Training days per employee by employee category and gender
FY20
Employee Category Female Male
Executive Committee 5.5 5.0
General Manager 2.1 2.1
Senior Manager 2.5 2.2
Manager 2.9 2.9
Professional/Technical 1.9 2.3
Employee 2.0 1.8
Total 2.2 2.3
We have a number of online mandatory training programs that all new employees must undertake to comply with our
obligations under our Human Rights Policy. All employees are then required to refresh this training every 18 months. This
training includes modules on Equal Opportunity in Employment, Sexual Harassment in the Workplace and Workplace
Bullying. Other mandatory training includes Compliance at Stockland, Cyber Security Awareness and Privacy at Stockland.
During  FY20  the total  hours  of employee  training  for these  items  was approximately  4864  hours.  Failure  to complete  required
training impacts employee performance ratings as well as eligibility for and payment of incentives – including long term,
short term, and/or sales bonuses (for those who qualify).
Development
FY20 % Eligible Employees1
Performance review 100
Career development plan 49
1 Eligible employees are permanent employees who have worked for Stockland for at least three months.
9 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Diversity and inclusion
Workforce by cultural background
Culture1FY202FY19 FY183FY174FY165FY156
Australian 69.6% 62.3% 62.3% 56.2% 62.5% 56.2%
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander 2.0% 0.8% 0.7% 0.4% 0.0% 0.4%
European712.1% 18.0% 19.0% 25.4% 22.8% 25.4%
Asian810.8% 10.9% 8.9% 9.3% 8.7% 9.3%
Maori and New Zealand 2.2% 1.8% 1.8% 2.4% 2.3% 2.4%
Middle Eastern 1.4% 1.2% 1.3% 0.8% 0.0% 0.8%
South African n/a 0.8% 0.9% 1.0% 1.2% 1.0%
North American n/a n/a 0.9% 0.6% 0.0% 0.6%
Other 1.9% 4.2% 4.3% 4.0% 2.5% 4.0%
1 Data  presented  as a percentage  of respondents  who  chose  to disclose  their  cultural  background  to the Our Voice  survey,  Stockland’s  employee  engagement  survey.  Some  employees
choose not to disclose their cultural background. Responses to this survey are completely confidential  – Stockland has no access to individual data points.
2 83% of respondents chose to disclose their cultural background in FY20.
3 94% of respondents chose to disclose their cultural background in FY18.
4 91% of respondents chose to disclose their cultural background in FY17.
5 83% of respondents chose to disclose their cultural background in FY16.
6 91% of respondents chose to disclose their cultural background in FY15. In FY15, the response options for the cultural association question were reviewed. The review highlighted
the opportunity to provide clearer options and descriptors. The response options are now structured by region with several country examples. The structure is based on the UN
regional groupings. This change has contributed to a significant  change in cultural background distribution from FY14 to FY15.
7 Includes Eastern European, Northern European, Southern European, Western European
8 Includes NE Asian, SE Asian, Southern and Central Asian
Women in management
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
Job band1TOTAL%
WOMENTOTAL%
WOMENTOTAL%
WOMENTOTAL%
WOMENTOTAL%
WOMENTOTAL%
WOMEN
Management 538 46.7% 557 45.8% 574 45.1% 555 45.9% 536 44.6% 515 44.7%
•Executive28 50.0% 8 50.0% 11 27.3% 9 11.1% 9 11.0% 9 11.0%
•Senior Management3133 39.8% 136 41.2% 146 39.7% 152 38.8% 151 36.0% 138 36.0%
•Manager 397 48.9% 413 47.2% 417 47.5% 394 49.5% 376 49.0% 368 49.0%
Employee 1,029 64.0% 1,034 65.7% 1,116 66.3% 1,065 66.9% 1,010 67.0% 1,012 66.0%
Stockland 1,567 58.1% 1,591 58.7% 1,690 59.3% 1,620 59.7% 1,546 60.0% 1,527 59.0%
1 Workforce  by gender  includes  permanent  employees,  fixed  term  employees,  and employees  on extended  leave.  It excludes  casual  employees,  Board  members,  special  contractors,
temps and vendors.
2 Executive is Stockland’s Executive Committee.
3 Includes General Manager and Senior Manager job bands.
10 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Women in management by business
Business1FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
Stockland 46.7% 45.8% 45.1% 45.9% 44.6% 44.7%
Commercial Property 37.5% 37.3% 33.9% 36.5% 33.7% 32.4%
Corporate 48.4% 49.3% 51.0% 52.3% 50.0% 56.6%
Residential n/a n/a 32.1% 25.3% 21.0% 23.4%
Retirement Living n/a n/a 50.5% 56.2% 62.4% 56.5%
Stockland Communities 49.7% 45.5% 42.3% 41.3% 41.9% 39.0%
1 Includes Executive Committee, General Manager, Senior Manager and Manager job bands.
Average fixed  remuneration ratio by job band
Job band1FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
Executive 0.63 0.64 0.71 0.64 0.59 0.6
Senior Management20.88 0.87 0.85 0.86 0.85 0.93
Management 0.85 0.84 0.85 0.84 0.83 0.85
Employee/
Professional Technical0.89 0.87 0.86 0.86 0.86 0.86
Stockland30.73 0.71 0.68 0.66 0.64 0.66
1 Average fixed  remuneration ratio looks at the ratio of the average female fixed  pay to the average male fixed  pay by job band.
2 Senior Management includes Senior Manager and General Manager job bands.
3 The ratio is a function of total pay and employee number by gender.
We generally  do not capture  data  on the number  of people  hired  from  the local  communities  in which  we operate,  given  our
spread of assets across Australia.
Gender pay equity ratio
We believe  the methodology  of measuring  pay equity  is limited  if based  solely  on average  fixed  pay by job band  as it ignores
different  market values placed on different  jobs. We believe a better and more accurate process is that we assess gender
pay equity by considering an individual’s positioning against the relevant market benchmark. This analysis is shown below
in the gender pay equity ratio table.
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
Stockland199.2% 98.5% 98.3% 98.6% 97.4% 97.2%
1 The gender pay equity ratio is calculated by dividing the female compa-ratio by the male compa-ratio for employees. Compa-ratio represents the ratio of employees’ Fixed Pay
to the median of the applicable benchmark. For example, if an employee’s Fixed Pay is $120,000 and the market mid-point is $100,000, the compa-ratio versus the median of the
applicable benchmark is 120% ($120,000 / $100,000). An employee’s position against the applicable benchmark will vary based on relative experience and skills. If a female has a
compa-ratio  of 102%  and a male  has a compa-ratio  of 104%,  then  the gender  pay equity  ratio  would  be 98%.  A gender  pay equity  ratio  that  is less than  100%  suggests  that  males  are
better  positioned  against  market  in comparison  to females,  whereas  a gender  pay equity  ratio  that  is 100%  or higher  suggests  that  females  are equally  or better  positioned  against
market in comparison to males. The ratio excludes Stockland Executive Committee.
11 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Health and safety
FY20 FY19 FY18 FY17 FY16 FY15
Total average workforce11,619 1680 1689 1578 1507 14382
Total hours worked (million) 2.96 3.08 3.08 2.83 2.75 2.53
Number of lost time injuries (LTI)3,410 1055 5 11 12
Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR)63.4 3.971.6 1.8 4 4.7
Number of injuries requiring medical treatment (MTI)814 17925 241012 14
Medical treatment injury frequency rate (MTIFR)114.7 5.578.1 8.5 4.4 5.5
Frequency rate (LTI and MTI)128.1 9.4 9.7 10.2 8.4 10.2
Occupational diseases instances 0 0 0 0 0 0
Fatalities 0 0 0 0 0 0
Lost days13289 1571442615599 599 267
Average lost day rate1620.9 5.3175.8 16.6 27.1 22.2
Development contractor LTIFR182.2 6.7 6.1 n/a n/a n/a
Development contractor fatalities 0 0 0 0 0 0
1 Total average workforce uses monthly employee totals rather than the end of financial  year figure  used in Our People metrics.
2 Total average workforce in FY15 reduced as a result of the sale of the Aged Care business in FY14.
3 Includes injuries incurred as a result of a work related incident. Does not include commuting/recess injuries.
4 An injury resulting in the loss of one or more shifts. Not including injuries requiring first aid treatment only.
5 FY19 figure  adjusted from 10 to 12
6 Number of LTIs / total hours worked from July 2019 to June 2020 x 1,000,000 hours.
7 FY19 figure  adjusted from 3.2 to 3.9
8 An injury resulting in the injured person receiving further treatment from a medical practitioner i.e. GP, physio, hospitalisation etc. Not including lost time injuries.
9 FY19 figure  adjusted from 19 to 17
10 Although MTIs have increased in FY17, it has corresponded with a decrease in LTIs over the same period. The same trend can be observed in FY18. This result can be attributed to
various health and safety initiatives implemented throughout these years including return to work initiatives aimed at mitigating lost time. More information on these initiatives is
in our Health and Safety progress report.
11 Number of MTIs / total hours worked from July 2019 to June 2020 x 1,000,000 hours.
12 Number of LTIs + MTIs / total hours worked from July 2019 to June 2020 x 1,000,000 hours.
13 Lost days recorded in the year irrespective of the year the injury occurred.
14 Adjusted to include lost days attributed to a longstanding injury from a previous financial  year.
15 Includes 397 lost days attri buted to two longstanding injuries from previous financial  years.
16 Number of Lost Days / number of respective LTIs reported in FY20. Does not include lost days accruing from LTIs of previous years.
17 FY19 figure  adjusted from 6.5 to 5.3
18 Development is defined  as greenfield/brownfield  construction of new buildings and substantial structural works in existing buildings. Mainly where we have engaged a head/main
contractor to manage the project and other contractors/sub-contractors. Stockland relies on information provided by contractors on development sites in order to report
Development Contractor LTIFR performance.
12 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
SHAPE THRIVING
COMMUNITIEESOPTIMISE &
INNOVATEENRICH OUR
VALUE CHAIN
Breakdown by gender and region
MEN WOMEN NSW ACT QLD VIC WA SA
FY201
Number of lost time injuries 8 2 6 1 1 0 1 1
Number of lost days 214 75 106 54 2 0 54 73
FY19
Number of lost time injuries 92335 0 1 1 1445
Number of lost days641711682490 1 19 94101911
FY18
Number of lost time injuries 3 2 2 1 1 0 1 0
Number of lost days1218 11 15 3 7 0 4 0
FY17
Number of lost time injuries 2 3 2 0 2 1 0 0
Number of lost days13524 75 215 0 20 364 0 0
FY16
Number of lost time injuries 9 2 5 0 2 3 0 1
Number of lost days14557 42 306 0 36 249 0 8
FY15
Number of lost time injuries 9 3 7 0 2 3 0 0
Number of lost days15231 36 249 0 13 5 0 0
1 FY20 data includes the 11 months to May 2020
2 FY19 figure  adjusted from 8 to 9
3 FY19 figure  adjusted from 2 to 3
4 FY19 figure  adjusted from 0 to 1
5 FY19 figure  adjusted from 3 to 4
6 FY19 metrics include 15 lost days related to one lost time injuries (longstanding) reported in prior years but continued to lose time in FY19.
7 FY19 figure  adjusted from 61 to 41
8 FY19 figure  adjusted from 4 to 116
9 FY19 figure  adjusted from 27 to 24
10 FY19 figure  adjusted from 0 to 94
11 FY19 figure  adjusted from 18 to 19
12 FY18 metrics include 397 lost days related to two lost time injuries (longstanding) reported in prior years but continued to lose time in FY18.
13 FY17 metrics include 516 lost days related to three lost time injuries (all longstanding) reported in prior years but continued to lose time in FY17.
14 FY16 metrics include 301 lost days related to three lost time injuries (two of which are longstanding) reported in a prior year but continued to lose time in FY16.
15 FY15 metrics include 105 lost days related to the re-aggravation of a lost time injury reported in a prior year but continued to lose time in FY15.
13 Stockland Sustainabilty Deep Dive Series FY20 People Data Pack
GRI INDEX
FY20
STOCKLAND
GRI Index FY20
Stockland’s  sustainability  reporting  has been  prepared  in accordance  with  the GRI Standards  (Comprehensive).  This report
also serves as the UN Global Compact (UNGC) Communication on Progress. This index relates to our FY20 sustainability
reporting and provides a guide on where information can be found as it relates to GRI and UNGC reporting requirements.
Our FY20 sustainability reporting is available on our website.
Disclosure Location or comment UNGCRelevant material matter
or enduring theme
GRI 102: General Disclosures
102-01 Name of the organisation Annual Report N/A
102-02 Activities, brands, products,
and servicesAnnual Report N/A
102-03 Location of headquarters Stockland website , Contact Us N/A
102-04 Location of operations Annual Report N/A
102-05 Ownership and legal form Annual Report N/A
102-06 Markets served Annual Report N/A
102-07 Scale of the organisation People Data Pack
Annual ReportN/A
102-08 Information on employees and
other workersPeople Data Pack Principle 6 N/A
102-09 Supply chain Supply Chain Deep Dive N/A
102-10 Significant  changes to the
organisation and its supply chainDuring FY20, Stockland appointed a new
Group Executive and Chief Innovation,
Marketing and Technology Officer.N/A
102-11 Precautionary Principle
or approachOur Management Approach to
Governance and Risk
Our Management Approach to
Climate ResiliencePrinciple 7 Climate change impacts
our assets, operations and
the broader community
Climate Resilience
102-12 External initiatives Annual Report UNGC commitment N/A
102-13 Membership of associations Our Management Approach to
Stakeholder EngagementN/A
102-14 Statement from senior decision-
makerAnnual Report Statement of
continuing supportN/A
102-15 Key impacts, risks,
and opportunitiesAnnual Report NA
102-16 Values, principles, standards, and
norms of behaviourAnnual Report Principle 10 N/A
102-17 Mechanisms for advice and
concerns about ethicsOur Management Approach to
Governance and Risk
Our Management Approach to
Human RightsPrinciple 10 N/A
102-18 Governance structure Annual Report , Governance N/A
102-19 Delegating authority Annual Report , Governance N/A
102-20 Executive-level responsibility for
economic, environmental, and
social topicsOur Management Approach to
Governance and RiskN/A
1 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 GRI Index
GRI INDEX
FY20
Disclosure Location or comment UNGCRelevant material matter
or enduring theme
102-21 Consulting stakeholders on
economic, environmental, and
social topicsOur Management Approach to
Governance and Risk
Our Management Approach to
Stakeholder EngagementN/A
102-22 Composition of the highest
governance body and
its committeesAnnual Report , Governance N/A
102-23 Chair of the highest
governance bodyAnnual Report , Governance N/A
102-24 Nominating and selecting the
highest governance bodyAnnual Report , Governance N/A
102-25 Conflicts  of interest Our Management Approach to
Governance and RiskN/A
102-26 Role of highest governance
body in setting purpose, values,
and strategyOur Management Approach to
Governance and Risk
Governance and Risk Deep DiveN/A
102-27 Collective knowledge of highest
governance bodyAnnual Report , Governance N/A
102-28 Evaluating  the highest  governance
body’s performanceAnnual Report , Governance N/A
102-29 Identifying and managing
economic, environmental, and
social impactsOur Management Approach to
Governance and RiskN/A
102-30 Effectiveness  of risk
management processesOur Management Approach to
Governance and Risk
Governance and Risk Deep DiveN/A
102-31 Review of economic,
environmental, and social topicsOur Management Approach to
Governance and Risk
Governance and Risk Deep DiveN/A
102-32 Highest governance body’s role in
sustainability reportingOur Management Approach to
Governance and RiskN/A
102-33 Communicating critical concerns Our Management Approach to
Governance and Risk
 Our Management Approach to
Human RightsN/A
102-34 Nature and total number of
critical concernsHuman Rights Deep Dive N/A
102-35 Remuneration policies Annual Report , Remuneration N/A
102-36 Process for
determining remunerationAnnual Report , Remuneration N/A
102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement
in remunerationOur Management Approach to
Stakeholder EngagementN/A
102-38 Annual total compensation ratio People Data Pack N/A
102-39 Percentage increase in annual
total compensation ratioPeople Data Pack N/A
102-40 List of stakeholder groups Our Management Approach to
Stakeholder EngagementN/A
102-41 Collective bargaining agreements Human Rights Deep Dive Principle 3 N/A
102-42 Identifying and
selecting stakeholdersOur Management Approach to
Stakeholder EngagementN/A
2 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 GRI Index
GRI INDEX
FY20
Disclosure Location or comment UNGCRelevant material matter
or enduring theme
102-43 Approach to
stakeholder engagementOur Management Approach to
Stakeholder Engagement
Our Management Approach to
Customer Engagement and ExperienceCustomer engagement
Ability to harness digital
business opportunities to
remain competitive
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised Reporting Approach N/A
102-45 Entities included in the
consolidated financial  statementsAnnual Report N/A
102-46 Defining  report content and
topic boundariesReporting Approach N/A
102-47 List of material topics Reporting Approach N/A
102-48 Re-statements of information Any re-statements are indicated using
footnotes in the report.N/A
102-49 Changes in reporting Reporting Approach N/A
102-50 Reporting period Reporting Approach N/A
102-51 Date of most recent report Reporting Approach N/A
102-52 Reporting cycle Reporting Approach N/A
102-53 Contact point for questions
regarding the reportReporting Approach N/A
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance
with the GRI StandardsReporting Approach N/A
102-55 GRI content index GRI Index N/A
102-56 External assurance Reporting Approach N/A
GRI 103: Management Approach
103-1 Explanation of the material topic
and its BoundaryReporting Approach
Annual ReportN/A
103-2 The management approach and
its componentsManagement approach documents for
enduring  themes  available  on our website
at www.stockland.com.au/
sustainabilitydownloads N/A
103-3 Evaluation of the
management approachAs per 103-2 above N/A
GRI 200: Economic
201-1 Direct economic value generated
and distributedAnnual Report
Community Deep DiveCommunity
201-2 Financial implications and other
risks and opportunities due to
climate changeAnnual Report , Climate-related
Financial Disclosures
Our Management Approach to
Climate Resilience
 Principle 7 Climate change impacts
our assets, operations and
the broader community
Climate Resilience
201-3 Defined  benefit  plan obligations
and other retirement plansStockland does not offer  defined
benefit  plans.Employee engagement
and development
201-4 Financial assistance received
from governmentStockland does not receive financial
assistance from government.Stakeholder engagement
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level
wage  by gender  compared  to local
minimum wagePeople Data Pack N/A
202-2 Proportion of senior management
hired from the local communityPeople Data Pack N/A
203-1 Infrastructure investments and
services supportedCommunity Data Pack Community
3 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 GRI Index
GRI INDEX
FY20
Disclosure Location or comment UNGCRelevant material matter
or enduring theme
203-2 Significant  indirect
economic impactsCommunity Deep Dive
Community Data PackCommunity
204-1 Proportion of spending on
local suppliersSupply Chain Deep Dive Supply chain
205-1 Operations assessed for risks
related to corruptionHuman Rights Deep Dive
 Principle 10 Human rights
205-2 Communication and training
about anti-corruption policies
and proceduresHealth, Safety and Security Deep Dive Principle 10 Human rights
205-3 Confirmed  incidents of corruption
and actions takenHuman Rights Deep Dive Principle 10 Human rights
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive
behaviour, anti-trust, and
monopoly practicesNo legal actions for anti-competitive
behaviour, anti-trust, or monopoly
practices in FY20.Human rights
GRI 300: Environmental
301-1 Materials used by weight
or volumeWaste and Materials Deep Dive Principle 7
Principle 8Waste and materials
301-2 Recycled input materials used Waste and Materials Deep Dive Principle 8 Waste and materials
301-3 Reclaimed products and their
packaging materialsNot relevant for our organisation. Principle 8 N/A
302-1 Energy consumption within
the organisationCarbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 7 Carbon and energy
302-2 Energy consumption outside of
the organisationCarbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 8 Carbon and energy
302-3 Energy intensity Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 8 Carbon and energy
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 8
Principle 9Carbon and energy
302-5 Reductions in energy
requirements of products
and servicesCarbon and Energy Deep Dive
Asset Rating and Certification
Deep DivePrinciple 8 Carbon and energy
303-1 Water withdrawal by source Environmental Data Pack Principle 7
Principle 8Water Management
303-2 Water sources significantly
affected  by withdrawal of waterWater Management Deep Dive Principle 8 Water Management
303-3 Water recycled and reused Water Management Deep Dive Principle 8 Water Management
304-1 Operational sites owned, leased,
managed in, or adjacent to,
protected areas and areas of
high biodiversity value outside
protected areasEnvironmental Data Pack
Biodiversity Deep DivePrinciple 8 Biodiversity
304-2 Significant  impacts of activities,
products, and services
on biodiversityBiodiversity Deep Dive Principle 8 Biodiversity
304-3 Habitats protected or restored Biodiversity Deep Dive Principle 8 Biodiversity
304-4 IUCN Red List species and
national conservation list species
with habitats in areas affected
by operationsBiodiversity Deep Dive Principle 8 Biodiversity
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 7
Principle 8Carbon and energy
4 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 GRI Index
GRI INDEX
FY20
Disclosure Location or comment UNGCRelevant material matter
or enduring theme
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2)
GHG emissionsCarbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 7
Principle 8Carbon and energy
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3)
GHG emissionsCarbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 7
Principle 8Carbon and energy
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 8 Carbon and energy
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 8
Principle 9Carbon and energy
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting
substances (ODS)Carbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 7
Principle 8Carbon and energy
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulphur
oxides  (SOX),  and other  significant
air emissionsCarbon and Energy Deep Dive
Environmental Data PackPrinciple 7
Principle 8Carbon and energy
306-1 Water discharge by quality
and destinationWater Management Deep Dive Principle 8 Water Management
306-2 Waste by type and
disposal methodEnvironmental Data Pack
Waste and Materials Deep DivePrinciple 8 Waste and materials
306-3 Significant  spills There we no significant  spills to report
in FY20.Principle 8 Waste and materials
306-4 Transport of hazardous waste Our Management Approach to Waste
and MaterialsPrinciple 8 Waste and materials
306-5 Water bodies affected  by water
discharges and/or runoffWater Management Deep Dive Principle 8 Waste and materials
307-1 Non-compliance with
environmental laws
and regulationsNo fines  or sanctions related to non-
compliance with environmental laws and
regulations in FY20.Principle 8 Regulatory and policy
changes impact our
business and customers
308-1 New suppliers that were screened
using environmental criteriaOur Management Approach to
Supply Chain
Supply Chain Deep DivePrinciple 8 Supply chain
308-2 Negative environmental impacts
in the supply chain and
actions takenSupply Chain Deep Dive Principle 8 Supply chain
GRI 400: Social
401-1 New employee hires and
employee turnoverPeople Data Pack
Employee Engagement, Development,
Diversity and Inclusion Deep DivePrinciple 6 Employee engagement
and development
401-2 Benefits  provided to full-time
employees that are not
provided to temporary or part-
time employeesPeople Data Pack
Employee Engagement, Development,
Diversity and Inclusion Deep DiveEmployee engagement
and development
401-3 Parental leave People Data Pack
Employee Engagement, Development,
Diversity and Inclusion Deep DivePrinciple 6 Employee engagement
and development
402-1 Minimum  notice  periods  regarding
operational changesEmployee Engagement, Development,
Diversity and Inclusion Deep DivePrinciple 3 Employee engagement
and development
403-1 Workers representation in formal
joint management–worker health
and safety committeesOperational and development teams
across the business are required to
address work health and safety (WHS)
as a standard agenda item on business
meetings, replacing the need for formal
WHS Committees. However, it is noted
that as per regulations, committees must
be established if requested by workers.Health and safety
5 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 GRI Index
GRI INDEX
FY20
Disclosure Location or comment UNGCRelevant material matter
or enduring theme
403-2 Types of injury and rates of injury,
occupational diseases, lost days,
and absenteeism, and number of
work-related fatalitiesHealth and Safety Deep Dive
People Data PackHealth and safety
403-3 Workers with high incidence or
high risk of diseases related to
their occupationHealth and Safety Deep Dive
People Data PackHealth and safety
403-4 Health and safety topics covered
in formal agreements with
trade unionsHuman Rights Deep Dive Health and safety
404-1 Average hours of training per year
per employeeEmployee Engagement, Development,
Diversity and Inclusion Deep Dive
People Data PackPrinciple 6 Employee engagement
and development
404-2 Programs for upgrading
employee skills and transition
assistance programsOur Management Approach
to Employee Engagement
and Development
Employee Engagement, Development,
Diversity and Inclusion Deep DiveEmployee engagement
and development
404-3 Percentage of employees
receiving  regular  performance  and
career development reviewsPeople Data Pack Principle 6 Employee engagement
and development
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies
and employeesAnnual Report
People Data PackPrinciple 6 Diversity and inclusion
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and
remuneration of women to menPeople Data Pack Principle 6 Diversity and inclusion
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and
corrective actions takenHuman Rights Deep Dive Principle 6 Human rights
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which
the right  to freedom  of association
and collective bargaining may be
at riskHuman Rights Deep Dive Principle 2
Principle 3Human rights
408-1 Operations and suppliers at
significant  risk for incidents of
child labourSupply Chain Deep Dive Principle 1
Principle 2
Principle 5Human rights
409-1 Operations and suppliers at
significant  risk for incidents of
forced or compulsory labourSupply Chain Deep Dive Principle 1
Principle 4
Principle 2Human rights
410-1 Security personnel trained
in human rights policies
or proceduresHuman Rights Deep Dive Principle 1
Principle 2Human rights
411-1 Incidents of violations involving
rights of indigenous peoplesHuman Rights Deep Dive Principle 1 Human rights
412-1 Operations  that have  been  subject
to human rights reviews or
impact assessmentsHuman Rights Deep Dive Principle 1 Human rights
412-2 Employee  training  on human  rights
policies or proceduresHuman Rights Deep Dive Principles 1-6 Human rights
412-3 Significant  investment  agreements
and contracts that include human
rights clauses or that underwent
human rights screeningAll significant  investments were made
in Australian property. We have clauses
in our agreements requiring compliance
with laws including human rights
legislation and screening in place for this
material spend.Principles 1-6 Human rights
413-1 Operations with local
community engagement,Stakeholder Engagement Deep Dive
Community Deep DiveCommunity
6 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 GRI Index
GRI INDEX
FY20
Disclosure Location or comment UNGCRelevant material matter
or enduring theme
impact assessments, and
development programs
413-2 Operations with significant  actual
and potential negative impacts on
local communitiesStakeholder Engagement Deep Dive Principle 1 Community
414-1 New suppliers that were screened
using social criteriaOur Management Approach to
Supply Chain
Our Management Approach to
Human RightsPrinciples 1-6 Supply chain
Human rights
414-2 Negative social impacts in the
supply chain and actions takenSupply Chain Deep Dive
Human Rights Deep DivePrinciple 2 Supply chain
Human rights
415-1 Political contributions Our Management Approach to
Stakeholder EngagementPrinciple 10 Stakeholder engagement
416-1 Assessment of the health and
safety impacts of product and
service categoriesHealth and Safety Deep Dive Health and safety
Security risks and
unexpected market events
impact business continuity
and community resilience
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance
concerning the health and safety
impacts of products and servicesNo non-compliance concerning health
and safety impacts of products in FY20.Health and safety
Increasing expectation
on organisations from
the community
417-1 Requirements for product and
service information and labellingNot relevant for our organisation. N/A
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance
concerning product and service
information and labellingNo incidents of non-compliance with
regulations and voluntary codes
concerning product and service
information and labelling in FY20.Regulatory and policy
changes impact our
business and customers
417-3 Incidents of non-
compliance concerning
marketing communicationsDuring FY20, Stockland received
a warning from Western Australia
Department  of Mines,  Industry  Regulation
and Safety, Consumer Protection Division
in relation to provision of information
regarding construction of future amenity.Regulatory and policy
changes impact our
business and customers
418-1 Substantiated complaints
concerning breaches of customer
privacy and losses of
customer dataHuman Rights Deep Dive Health and safety
Increasing expectation
on organisations from
the community
419-1 Non-compliance with laws and
regulations in the social and
economic areaIn FY20,  there  were  no identified  instances
of material non-compliance with laws
and/or regulations in the social and
economic area.Governance and risk
Regulatory and policy
changes impact our
business and customers
7 Stockland Sustainability Deep Dive Series FY20 GRI Index