Sustainability Report 2021
 ready  for tomorrow
2IntroductionAnnual Report 
publications
The Annual Report, Sustainability Report and ‘2021 at a glance’ together make up Swisscom’s reporting 
on 2021. The three publications are available online at: swisscom.ch/report2021
‘Ready for tomorrow’ concept
As part of its ‘ready for tomorrow’ concept, Swisscom is committed to preparing itself and its customers for the digital future and harnessing the corresponding opportunities. The images in the Annual Report 
show Swisscom services that simplify the everyday life of SMEs and improve their competitiveness.
The cover pages of the Annual Report and ‘2021 at a glance’ show Swisscom SME consultant Kathrin Kölbl 
with Fabian Mauerhofer, manager of the Ziegelhüsi hotel and restaurant in Deisswil. The company 
procures services from Swisscom. 
The remaining images are mostly from the various Swisscom campaigns run throughout the 2021 
reporting year.
2021 in review
 ready  for tomorrowAnnual Report 2021
5850f97d7c8c4f7282c63a0a0a7489e7.indd   1 02.02.2022   16:06:01
Sustainability Report 2021
 ready  for tomorrow
71092c7abd1147d2b9a8400b3527cb29.indd   1 02.02.2022   12:07:34
ready2021 at a glance
 for tomorrow
3a0f22ec57fb46959c7dca336ce71541.indd   1 07.02.2022   17:23:17
3Introduction  __________________ 2021 in review   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2
Stakeholders’ letter   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 5
Environment and 
sustainability  strategy  __________Environment   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 7
Sustainability Strategy 2025   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Value chain   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Group of stakeholders   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
Material issues   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
Swisscom’s contribution to the SDGs   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
Corporate responsibility governance   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 16
Corporate ethics   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
Management approaches within the Group   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 19
Targets Table   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Our supply chains  ______________ Fair and environmentally sustainable supply chains  .  .  .  . 24
Ready for people  ______________ Digitisation and competent media use  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 28
Training support and other measures   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 28
Accessibility   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 30
Employees   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 30
Ready for the  environment  _______ Climate protection and energy efficiency   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 38
Use of resources and circular economy   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 43
Overall assessment of 2021   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 48
Ready for Switzerland  ___________ Broadband coverage   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 51
Mobile telephony and society   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 52
Data protection   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 54
Responsibility towards society   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 54
About this report  ______________ Scope of the report   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 57
Reporting   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 57
SGS verification   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
GRI Index   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
Glossary  _____________________ Technical terms  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 70
Other terms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 71
Sustainability terms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 71
E-fleet 26,000  
smartphones  
and accessories
Our customers have voluntarily offset CO2  
with the purchase of 26,000 devices. 
Over 4.7 million  
meals for  
children in need175,000  
Green Points collected
On the journey to the complete  
electrification of our mobility  by 2030, we have put the first  80 electric vehicles into service.With the first public Swiss Climate Challenge, we have made a wider audience aware of  the need for sustainable mobility behaviour. 
Through Mobile Aid, we have collected over 940,000  
used mobile phones, the proceeds of which go  
towards funding meals for children in need.
#mutethehate
Over 6 million video views on our online posts as  
part of our initiative for more respect on the Internet.20 years of  
Internet for Schools
Over the last 20 years, we have  
invested over CHF 500 million in  
the Swiss education system.
[to be updated]
5Sustainability Report 2021 | Introduction
Stakeholders’ letter
Dear Readers
‘I’m more interested in the future than in the past, because the future is where I intend to live  .’ This 
thought from Albert Einstein is fitting for Swisscom: last year we were delighted to receive an award from 
World Finance magazine and the consulting firm Boston Consulting Group for being the world’s most 
sustainable telecommunications company  . This has spurred us on to courageously and consistently pur -
sue this path into the future  . After all, we want to continue to be economically successful as a company, 
but we also want to live up to our social and ecological responsibilities  .
Net zero target: Swisscom first
Over the past decades, we have reduced our emissions by 80%  . Now we are taking the next step with 
conviction  . We are one of the first Swiss companies to reduce our CO2 emissions along the entire value 
chain to net zero by 2025  . With our decision to be completely climate neutral in four years’ time, we are 
underlining our pioneering role as a sustainable company  .
We will achieve this goal by first reducing our own emissions by a further 10% – in other words, ‘Swisscom first’  . This means: improving our electricity efficiency, increasing electricity production by adding solar pan -
els on our own roofs, reducing CO
2 emissions along our supply chain, in our products and services, in build -
ings and in our vehicle fleet  . In 2021, we took the first step and put 80 electric vehicles into operation  . By 
2030, we will have converted our entire fleet of 2,400 cars completely to electric-powered vehicles  .
The aim is to exploit our own potential to reduce emissions and to compensate for residual emissions  . The 
rigorous selection process for suitable climate compensation projects is underway  . It is important to us 
that these projects are ambitious, have a broad geographical base and lead to a proven reduction in 
CO2 emissions  . They should also create synergies with our company  .
In addition, Swisscom is enabling a positive CO 2 contribution of 1 million tonnes per year and is also 
 helping our customers to reduce their CO2 footprint with climate-friendly ICT solutions  . These savings 
correspond to around two per cent of Switzerland’s greenhouse gas emissions  .

6Sustainability Report 2021 | IntroductionThe future needs efficient networks
In 2017, we promised to provide 90% of all businesses and homes in all Swiss municipalities with at least 
80 Mbps by 2021  . By the end of 2021: mission accomplished! Our next goal is to double our FTTH cover -
age by 2025 and thus connect up to 60% of the population with optical fibre up to the socket  . This enables 
maximum bandwidths of 10 Gbps  . In addition, we are expanding the fourth and fifth mobile generations  . 
The resistance to advanced 5G technology is surprising: the radiation exposure of these antennas is lower 
and 5G is more energy efficient and also more climate friendly than the previous technologies  .
Despite network expansion, electricity consumption was virtually stabilised in 2021 through the use of new, more efficient technologies  . We obtain 100% of our electricity from renewable energies and will 
further increase the share of self-generated electricity from our 87 own plants in the coming years  .
Digitisation opens the door to a more sustainable future
Digitisation holds many opportunities for a more sustainable future and we want to take advantage of 
them  . 2021 saw, among other things, the holding of the IoT Climate Award and investments in start-ups 
with great potential for sustainability, for example ‘ecorobotix’  . The company, based in western Switzer -
land, sells solar-powered agricultural robots that target weeds thus reducing herbicide use by 90%  .
Modern media: harnessing opportunities without hurdles
The new media offer many opportunities  . To ensure that these can be used and do not fall through, we 
have restructured our education portfolio  . Increasingly, we are providing services for parents and SMEs 
with a particular focus on digital inclusion, media protection and data and Internet security  . These web 
training courses can be attended flexibly 24/7  . We offer Microsoft 365 Teams web training to employees 
of SMEs so that they too can take advantage of the new communication and collaboration possibilities in 
their everyday work  .
We have a wide range of courses for teachers, parents, students and seniors – online or on site  . In total, 
around 72,000 people attended our courses  . We also provide training materials for teachers free of charge 
– for example, the new teaching aid ‘Gaming and eSports’  . One threat to young people online is cyber -
bullying  . Based on the results of the James Study, which Swisscom has supported for years, we launched 
the ‘#mutethehate’ campaign in 2021  . This gives teens a simple guide to responding properly to hate and 
cyberbullying  . 
Ready for tomorrow
We are also getting ready for tomorrow  . We train around 900 apprentices in seven different professions, 
offer our employees a wide range of digitised training and development opportunities, and allow flexible working at different locations, on the road and in a home office  . We grow through the diversity of  different 
ideas, experiences and skills  . In 2021, we continued to promote diversity with campaigns such as ‘Digital 
Days for Girls’ and initiatives on unconscious bias, job sharing, language and Pride Month  . 
Even if the future remains uncharted territory: standing still in a digital world is a step backwards  . Our 
16,000 employees are ready for our customers, for Switzerland and for our environment  . And together we 
are ready to make our contribution to the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals, today and 
tomorrow  .
Stefan Nünlist
Head of Group Communications & ResponsibilitySaskia GüntherHead of Corporate Responsibility

7Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategyEnvironment and 
sustainability strategy
Swisscom assumes responsibility towards society and the environment  . As Switzer -
land’s leading ICT company, we want to seize the opportunities of the digital trans -
formation for the prosperity of our country, get involved and help shape the future  . 
We do this by promoting the digital skills of people, protecting the climate, supporting 
fair and climate-friendly supply chains, and building and maintaining a reliable, high-  
performance ICT infrastructure  . These measures are part of our Sustainability Strategy 
2025 and are aligned with the UN’s 17 Global Sustainable Development Goals  .
Environment
Swisscom is the Swiss market leader for mobile telecom -
munications, fixed-line telephony and television. We 
also occupy a significant market position in various 
IT  business segments. In Italy, our subsidiary Fastweb offers fixed-line and mobile communications services. 
The explanations in this report relate to Swisscom’s 
business excluding Fastweb.
Swisscom operates in a dynamic environment. Meg-
atrends such as digitisation are rapidly changing our society and economy. Customer needs and expectations 
of Swisscom are changing, while connectivity and data 
volumes are growing steadily. These developments shape and change our society and economy and influ -
ence our activities. The global Covid-19 pandemic has once again accelerated digitisation. This is becoming increasingly prevalent in all areas of life. Today, part of 
the value creation is done from home, online channels 
are increasingly used for shopping and making contacts, as well as for contactless payments.
Our stakeholders place high demands on us in terms of 
sustainability. Working together with them, we identify 
key issues each year on which we will focus when imple -
menting the sustainability strategy. Through the annual 
review, we ensure that our commitment keeps pace 
with current developments and challenges in the econ -
omy, politics and society.
In addition to the expectations of stakeholders and 
Swiss legislation, the United Nations Agenda 2030 with its 17 Sustainable Development Goals defines the framework of our Sustainability Strategy. It is the first holistic framework for environmentally, socially and 
economically sustainable development in the public and 
private sectors. Every time we make progress in our pri -
ority areas, we contribute to achieving these goals.
In implementing our sustainability strategy, we are com -
mitted to transparency and dialogue with the public.
Opportunities and challenges of digitisation
Digitisation and how society deals with it are particu -
larly influential in our actions and strategy. At the same 
time, as the largest ICT provider in Switzerland, we are 
significantly influencing and accelerating digitisation. It is important to us that this digital transformation serves 
sustainable development.
Digitisation can make a significant 
contribution to sustainability
We are part of the ‘Digital with Purpose’ Global e-Sus -
tainability Initiative (GeSI). This initiative requires tele -
communications companies to take measures such as 
climate protection or the promotion of sustainable offerings in order to make a significant contribution as 
an industry towards achieving the goals of the 2030 
Agenda (see chapter ‘Global e-Sustainability Initiative’). We specifically promote sustainable digital applications. 
With the Swisscom IoT Climate Award, for example, we 
recognise digital climate innovations. On our website, we describe these smart solutions and show their contri -
bution to the global sustainability goals of the 2030 Agenda.
N See www.digitalwithpurpose.org
N See www.swisscom.ch/sustainabledigitisation
8Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategySustainability Strategy 2025
In order to remain successful in the dynamic environ -
ment in the long term, during the year under review, 
Swisscom defined five Group ambitions (‘Swisscom 
Group Goals 2025’) with the intended purpose of ‘Empowering the digital future’.
The newly set, ambitious goals form an integral part of our 
Group strategy and contribute to the 17 global Sustainable 
Development Goals of the United Nations. In doing so, we are addressing three fundamental challenges:
● People in the networked world: whether children, senior citizens, working people or those returning to 
work – we all must keep pace with the demands of 
the digital world.
● Climate protection:  heat, drought, melting glaciers, 
extreme rainfall – climate change is giving us a taste of 
what lies ahead in the coming decades.
● Competitiveness and attractive locations:  thanks to 
a constantly high level of commitment and invest -
ment, we live in one of the countries with the highest 
competitiveness and quality of life.
We are meeting these challenges with three strategic areas of action and goals that have been set accordingly:
Ready for people
We want to enable people in Switzerland to make use of the opportunities presented by a networked world.
Our goal
By 2025 at the latest, we will support two million people a year in their use of digital media.
During the year under review, we further expanded our 
range of training courses:
● New offers for Swiss SMEs
● Focus on youth media protection, inclusion of all user groups and security aspects in the daily use of digital 
media In order to substantially extend our reach, we are increasingly relying on formats that can be communi -
cated online.
Together with our partners, we are developing scientific 
bases on the risks and opportunities of digital media, making the population aware with nationwide cam -
paigns and thus enabling the beneficial and safe use of media. To this end, we offer technical solutions that make media usage safer, and our employees in call cen -
tres and shops are there to help our customers with application questions that go far beyond the usual level of support. 
‘Ready for people ’ also means:
● providing all our customers with accessibility to our 
services. 
● offering our employees an attractive working environ -
ment with opportunities for health, internal network -
ing and volunteering and supporting them in their employability with suitable further training. We also train around 900 apprentices. Equal rights and equal 
opportunities are important to us. Targets relating to 
the proportion of women in the recruitment process, the promotion of talent and succession planning will 
promote the proportion of women at all levels. 
● reviewing the working conditions in our supply chains 
by consistently working to ensure that our supply part -
ners comply with social and environmental standards.
Ready for the environment
As a pioneer in climate protection, we are making our contribution to help limit the global temperature increase 
to 1.5 °C.No. 1  
in SwitzerlandLeading  
Challenger in ItalyRock-solid  
Financials Outstanding  
in Innovation  
& ReliabilityCommitted to  
Corporate  
ResponsibilitySwisscom Group Goals 2025
 
9Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategyOur goals:
● Net zero by 2025:  in our Swiss business, we will be 
completely climate-neutral across the entire value 
chain by 2025. Operational CO2 emissions will be over 
90% lower than in 1990. To achieve this, we will rely on 100% renewable energies, a fleet of zero-emission 
vehicles, heat pumps and, thanks to digitisation, we will operate in a climate-friendly manner. We are sys
-
tematically maximising energy efficiency in our opera -
tions and supply chains by reducing CO2 emissions from 
our operations and supply chains to a total of 235,000 
tonnes, which corresponds to a reduction path to well 
below 1.5 °C. We will offset the remaining, unavoidable emissions from our value chain. In this way, we will 
achieve the net zero target by 2025.
● Positive CO 2 contribution of 1 million tonnes/year:  in 
addition, we will enable a positive CO2 contribution of 
1 million tonnes per year by 2025. This corresponds to around two per cent of Switzerland’s greenhouse gas 
emissions. We will achieve this by empowering our customers to reduce their own CO
2 footprint through 
our products and services. This includes digital solu -
tions for location-independent working or services supported by the IoT (Internet of Things) for the opti -
misation and remote monitoring of traffic, building 
technology and devices.
● Reduction of energy consumption by 20%:  we want 
to reduce our energy consumption by 20% by 2030 compared to today, despite increasing data volumes. 
To do this, we are using more efficient technologies to counteract the higher energy consumption caused by the constant increase in the data volume to be pro -
cessed.
The new climate targets were drawn up by two internal 
working groups and with the involvement of external 
experts. In doing so, we relied on scientific evidence using the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) method -
ology. The project results were fully supported and approved by the Group Executive Board and the Board of Directors.
Ready for Switzerland
We provide individuals and businesses nationwide with reliable ultra-fast broadband.
Our goal
To improve competitiveness, digital fitness and quality of life for everyone in our country. 
We use the best networks and progressive solutions to 
create added value for our customers, employees, share -
holders and suppliers, as well as for Switzerland as a whole. We provide individuals and businesses nation -
wide with reliable ultra-fast broadband. In this way we 
strengthen the competitiveness, digital fitness and 
quality of life in the country. 
‘Ready for Switzerland’ also means addressing the pub -
lic’s concerns about the roll-out of the 5G network and 
data security. In addition, all schools in the country ben -
efit from free, secure Internet access.
10Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategyValue chain
We generate the bulk of our added value through our 
activities in Switzerland. In the year under review, activ -
ities abroad contributed only 10% (prior year: 8%) to the Group’s added value from operations. 
The statement of added value and the allocation of added value are addressed in the Management Commentary of 
the Annual Report, in the ‘Financial review’ (see Annual 
Report, page 59).
Each year, suppliers deliver goods and services to us worth over CHF 2.8 billion. The import has a positive 
and negative impact on the economy, society and the 
environment along the value and supply chains:
● Services, consumer and capital goods contribute to Switzerland’s economic development, competitive -
ness and quality of life. But they have an impact on the climate and natural resources. We accept our responsibility and are implementing a number of measures to make our supply chains ecologically sus -
tainable. 
● We create and protect jobs in Switzerland as well as within the supply chain, thus creating added social and 
economic value. Together with our employees and 
partners, as well as in international industry initiatives, we are committed to making the social conditions in 
our supply chains sustainable.
● In order to provide our customers with services and 
products, we depend on raw materials from numerous 
countries and regions, the extraction of which is often 
associated with environmental and social risks. We are therefore particularly committed to better practices in 
the extraction of raw materials. 
(See the chapter ‘Our supply chains’) 
Increasing  
positive impact
Minimising  
negative impactSupplier Business UseRecycling 
and disposal
Figure SDGs on the value chain
11Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategy Group of stakeholders
Our stakeholders place high demands on us with regard 
to sustainability. We maintain direct communication 
and dialogue with all stakeholder groups. Working 
with them, we identify key issues each year on which we will focus when implementing our sustainability 
strategy. Through the annual review, we ensure that our commitment keeps pace with current develop -
ments and challenges in the economy, politics and 
 society. The previous contact, the interests and the size 
of the stakeholder groups determine the structure of 
the respective dialogue.
Customers
We systematically consult private and business custom -
ers on their needs and their level of satisfaction. Cus -
tomer Relationship Managers identify customer needs through direct contact. In addition, we regularly conduct representative surveys. One reason for this is to deter -
mine the extent to which customers perceive Swisscom as a company that acts responsibly when it comes to environmental and social issues. In addition, we conduct 
targeted qualitative and quantitative surveys on sus -
tainability issues.
Partners/NGOs
We believe in the importance of sharing insights and 
information with partners and NGOs within the frame -
work of projects. For example, with myclimate, the Swiss Child Protection Foundation, Association of Swiss Teach
-
ers (LCH), Swiss Association for the Deaf, SOS Children’s Villages Switzerland and with organisations that address the special needs of people in specific areas (e.g. human rights in the supply chain). These partnerships and our 
social and ecological commitment are especially relevant 
for our stakeholder group.
N See www.swisscom.ch/cr-partnerships
Investors and rating agencies
Besides the Annual General Meeting, we foster regular dialogue with our investors at investor conferences and 
roadshows. Over the years, we have also built up contacts 
with numerous investors and rating agencies. Above all 
else, institutional shareholders and investors expect sta
-
bility, profitability and reliability from us. In the year under 
review, we saw a sharp increase in enquiries about our 
approach to environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
issues. In response, we actively inform our investors about our sustainability progress, for example when we publish 
our quarterly results. As in previous years, we were listed 
in several ratings among the world’s most sustainable tel
-Customers
Partners/NGOs
Shareholders 
and ratings agencies
Authorities  and legislators
Suppliers MediaPublicEmployees and  
employee representation
Ready for  
the peopleReady for  
the environment
Ready for  
Switzerland
Stakeholder environmentSocial partners 
12Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategyecommunications companies. In the year under review, 
we converted a revolving credit facility of CHF  1 billion 
into a sustainability linked loan (SLL), setting ourselves 
ambitious sustainability targets in the process. These are shown in the targets table
. 
Public authorities and legislators
We engage in intensive exchanges with various authori -
ties at national, cantonal and municipal level. One of the 
key issues is the expansion of the network infrastruc -
ture: mobile data applications are becoming increasingly 
popular among customers. At the same time, the expan -
sion of the necessary infrastructure does not meet with the required acceptance everywhere. At present, this is particularly evident in connection with the expansion of 
the 5G network (See the chapter ‘Mobile telephony and 
society’).
Network expansion can also be a subject of dispute 
owing to the different interests at stake. We have there -
fore been conducting a dialogue with municipal author -
ities and local residents on network planning for many years (see the chapter ‘Advice and information on wire -
less technologies’). Where construction projects are con -
cerned, it gives the parties affected an opportunity to suggest suitable alternative locations. We also maintain a regular exchange with the relevant authorities, in par -
ticular with the cantonal economics, construction and environmental departments. We seek regular dialogue with the authorities, political parties, associations and 
NGOs on political and regulatory issues and play a con -
structive role in the legislative process (see the chapter 
‘Actor in public debates’)
. 
Suppliers
Our procurement organisations regularly address issues concerning suppliers and supplier relationship manage -
ment. They analyse the results of evaluations, formulate agreements on objectives and review performance. In the interests of maintaining dialogue with global suppli -
ers, we also rely on international cooperation within the relevant sectors (see the chapter ‘Our supply chains’).
Media
We maintain close contact with the media and are avail -
able to them at all times. Our relationship with the media 
is based on professional journalistic principles. In addi -
tion to the Media Office, management also maintain reg-
ular dialogue with journalists and make themselves 
available for interviews and more in-depth background 
discussions.
N See www.swisscom.ch/news
 Public
We maintain contact with the public directly via our website, through social media, through surveys of the 
public, at trade fairs and as part of events. During the 
year under review, three campaigns were also carried out on the topics of climate protection, youth media 
protection and the circular economy. These campaigns 
were primarily aimed at a younger target group between the ages of 16 and 35. The campaigns are described in 
more detail in the corresponding chapters. 
Employees and employee representation
Using a wide range of communication platforms and 
activities, we promote a corporate culture that encour -
ages dialogue between employees. The CEO and top management usually travel across Switzerland several times a year to meet with local staff. During the year 
under review, the meetings were held online due to the 
Covid-19 pandemic. Once a year, Swisscom’s employees are able to share their opinions about their individual sit -
uations and issues concerning the company’s organisa -
tion. This survey allows all employees and teams as well as the entire organisation to respond to feedback and 
make improvements. 
The employee association takes on board the requests, 
wishes and criticisms of employees and represents these 
in discussions with management, thereby exercising its co-determination right. The employee association com -
prises 48 members (one representative for every 400 employees) distributed across seven representation committees. Twice a year, we organise a round-table 
meeting with the employee representatives. Employee 
concerns mainly relate to social partnership, training and development, diversity, and health and safety at 
work (see the chapter ‘Employees ’).
Social partners
Regular contact with our social partners is particularly 
important to us. Our social partners include syndicom 
(the union for media and communications) and transfair 
(the public service staff association). Both are the dia -
logue and negotiating partners for matters relevant to 
the CEA and strategic participation.
13Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategy Material issues
Our activities have an impact on our social, ecological and 
economic environment. At the same time, our company is 
shaped by this environment and our stakeholders. Every 
year, we identify the sustainability issues in this network of relationships that are considered relevant or very rele
-
vant for our stakeholders and for us. We involve the inter -est groups in this process. This approach ensures that the strategic focus of our work for us, our stakeholders and 
our environment is consistent and in line with current 
developments. For each major topic, we prepare a  management approach, which we include in the relevant 
chapter of this report.
Communication with our stakeholders during the year 
under review confirmed to us that the topics depicted in 
the matrix are still the right ones from a stakeholder and 
corporate perspective. Accordingly, we have not made any changes to the classification of the topics. Nor have 
any new topics been added or removed. The most 
important observations, trends and developments con -
firm the classification of topics in the materiality matrix:
The importance of expansion plans relating to the 5G 
generation of mobile communications in society and with the regulator has remained unchanged in the year 
under review. Accordingly, we have moved the topic of 
mobile communications and society to the quadrant at the top right.
Customer expectations on the topic of the circular econ -
omy are increasing, which is why we continue to list this 
among the very relevant topics.
Materiality classification
To determine the materiality of the individual sustainabil -
ity topics, we are applying the following quality criteria:
● Significance and relevance for our stakeholder groups● Importance in our norms and standards (Vision, 
 Values, Promise, Code of Conduct)
● Impact of our activities on the subject area
● Effects on our financial position, results of operations 
and reputation
Stakeholder involvement
We involve our stakeholders in the identification of key 
issues and the planning of strategic priorities. 
Internal
● Board of Directors:  in 2021, the Board of Directors 
addressed the further development of the sustaina -
bility commitment three times. First in the setting of 
the new climate protection targets and another time for the acceptance of the new sustainability govern -
ance. With the latter, the Board of Directors approves the sustainability strategy again, and the Audit Com -
mittee of the Board of Directors deals with ESG 
reporting. Accordingly, the Committee will be 
renamed ‘Board Committee Audit & ESG Reporting’ as of 1 January 2022. At a further meeting, the Board of Directors was informed about the Corporate 
Responsibility Roadmap 2022.Materiality matrix 2021• Energy efficiency (p  . 39) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00170en##
• Dismantling of network infrastructure (p  . 46)  ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00960en##
• Network expansion (p  . 52) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00220en##• Accessibility (p . 31) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00200en##
• Corporate ethics (p  . 18) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00210en##
 • Climate protection (p  . 39) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00170en##
• Circular economy (p  . 45)  ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00180en##
• Data protection (p  . 55) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00140en##
• Diversity and equal opportunities (p  . 34) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00150en##
• Media protection for minors and media skills (p  . 29) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00160en##
• Mobile telephony and society (p  . 53) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00130en##
• Risk factors in the supply chains (p  . 24) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00190en##
 • Employability (p  . 33) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00110en##
• Work stress and resilience (p  . 35) ##https://reports.swisscom.ch/short/2021/en/NHB00120en##
Materiality for SwisscomMateriality for stakeholders
relevant very relevant
14Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategy● Members of the Group Executive Board: members of 
the Group Executive Board comment on the status of 
implementation of sustainability management dur -
ing the meetings held several times each year and in 
qualitative interviews on the challenges.
● Line managers: line managers at all levels responded to questions about the anchoring of the current strat -
egy and their expectations. This survey takes place every two years, most recently in 2020. The next sur -
vey is scheduled for 2022.
● Sustainability team: the corporate responsibility team 
works with the strategy team to analyse what contri -
bution Swisscom’s core business and growth areas make to the sustainability of society and the environ
-
ment. The results confirmed the external analysis: the greatest challenges that we will face in the future will 
be climate protection, ethical corporate management 
and the responsible handling of data.
External
Results from external stakeholder surveys are also included in the assessment. The selection of the stake -
holders to be considered is made based on the themes relevant to the sustainability strategy. They have to be active in the core Swiss market. We take up their con -
cerns directly. In order to ensure the proximity to and continuous contact with the individual stakeholder groups, we set up our stakeholder group management as 
follows. 
● Benchmarking: in 2020, we commissioned sustain -
serv to carry out a benchmarking exercise with ten telecommunications companies that are leaders in 
the field of sustainability. The aim was to identify best practices in these areas and thus to identify 
topic setting, priorities, depth of transparency, as 
well as topic areas and trends. The findings of the benchmarking and the resulting recommendations 
were presented to the Group Executive Board. In 
2021, the benchmarking was specifically supple -
mented with governance and best practice elements. In addition, European peers were analysed as part of 
the revision of our climate targets. 
● Trend scouting: no trend scouting was carried out in 
the year under review. Instead, the observation and 
assessment of relevant trends was carried out with 
the persons responsible for Group strategy.
● Stakeholder survey:  in the summer of 2021, we held a 
stakeholder event focusing on ‘new forms of work ’, 
‘climate protection’, ‘investor perspective’ and ‘digital 
stakeholder dialogue’. A total of 30 representatives from various stakeholder groups participated. Most 
feedback has confirmed that we are already working 
on the right issues.
The following points were also discussed at the event:
● New forms of work: in addition to technological applications, business customers also need support 
for the work culture change. 
 There are new opportunities on the labour market for 
part-time workers and people returning to work.
● Climate protection:  the need for more climate protec -
tion is recognised. Partnerships are needed for reduc -
tions upstream and downstream. 
 Climate protection is becoming increasingly impor -
tant for the positioning of products and companies on 
the market.
● Digital stakeholder dialogue:  our commitment to 
sustainability is perceived as not being specific enough.
 Swisscom communicates rather passively with little 
courage and few clear positions, thus little differentia -
tion is noticeable.
● Investor perspective:  Swisscom is rated exemplary in 
terms of its climate protection commitment.
 The Swisscom Diversity Ambition is insufficient for the CR Leadership claim.
The identified need for action was presented to the Group Executive Board and in part already included in the Sustainability Roadmap 2022.
N See www.swisscom.com/purpose
15Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategySwisscom’s contribution to the SDGs
In addition to the expectations of stakeholders and 
Swiss legislation, the United Nations Agenda 2030 with 
its 17 Sustainable Development Goals defines the 
framework of our Sustainability Strategy.
SDG  Swisscom’s contribution to the SDGs  Further information 
  Promote the health of Swisscom employees  ● Work stress and resilience 
  through occupational health management  .  ● Occupational health and safety in the workplace 
    Goal:  maintain or reduce absenteeism rate  . 
  Promote the populations’ media skills  .  ● Youth media protection and promoting media skills 
    Goal:  By 2025, we will be helping 2 million people per year 
    to use digital media  . 
  Contribution to the educational landscape in Switzerland  ● Responsibility towards society; education policy 
  by providing free Internet access for schools  .   
  As a contribution to diversity and gender equality,  ● Diversity and equal opportunities 
  we are advancing the proportion of women in management  Goal:  Increase diversity among employees, 
  and at the upper CEA levels  .  measured by gender distribution  . 
  Swisscom makes its contribution through specific measures  ● Climate protection and energy efficiency 
  to boost energy efficiency and climate protection  .  Goal:  Net zero by 2025 across the entire value chain  . 
    Reduction of energy consumption by 20%: By 2030, Swisscom 
    wants to reduce its energy consumption by 20% compared to 
    today, despite increasing data volumes  . 
  Swisscom offers attractive jobs and working  ● Employees 
  conditions  . Swisscom’s investments in network and infrastructure  ● Network expansion and infrastructure 
  are a significant direct and indirect contribution to enhancing  ●Fair supply chains 
  Switzerland as a place to do business  . Swisscom is committed to  Goal:  Coverage of Switzerland with fixed ultra-fast broadband  . 
  fair and safe working conditions in its supply chains  .   
  Swisscom operates and maintains a reliable, high-performance  ● Ready for Switzerland (network and infrastructure) 
  ICT infrastructure  .  ● Basic service provision 
  Swisscom invests around CHF 1  .6 billion annually in  ● climate protection solutions for our customers 
  expansion of the network  .  Goal:  Coverage of Switzerland with fixed ultra-fast broadband  . 
  Expansion of the portfolio of sustainable services,  ● Climate protection solutions for our customers 
  especially in the area of IoT and Smart City  .  Goal:  Positive CO2 contribution: Reduction of CO2 emissions 
    by 1 million tonnes each year by 2025  . 
  Expansion of the sustainable portfolio for B2C and B2B customers  .  ● Climate protection solutions for our customers 
  By promoting reuse offerings, Swisscom is making a valuable  ● Circular economy in practice 
  contribution to the circular economy  .  Goal:  Positive CO2 contribution: Reduction of CO2 emissions 
    by 1 million tonnes each year by 2025  . 
  Expansion of the portfolio of sustainable services for  ● Climate protection solutions for our customers 
  reducing CO2 .  Goal:  Positive CO2 contribution: Reduction of CO2 emissions 
    by 1 million tonnes each year by 2025  . 
  Swisscom makes its contribution through measures to boost  ● Climate protection and energy efficiency 
  energy efficiency and climate protection within the framework  Goal:  Net zero by 2025 across the entire value chain  . 
  of the sustainability strategy  .  Reduction of energy consumption by 20%: By 2030, Swisscom 
    wants to reduce its energy consumption by 20% compared to 
    today, despite increasing data volumes  . 
16Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategyCorporate responsibility governance 
In the reporting year, we reviewed corporate responsibil -
ity (CR) governance, compared it with industry practice 
and developed it further. The investigation showed that 
the existing management is professional, and that responsibilities and reporting are institutionalised. The 
adapted CR governance builds on the previous CR gov -
ernance, eliminates evaluated vulnerabilities and takes 
into account legal and social developments. 
The existing roles of sponsors (representatives of the 
Group Executive Board), SPOCs (contact persons from 
the sustainability team per business unit and subsidiary) 
and CR champions (representatives of the line units) were standardised and consistently updated. 
The Board of Directors assumes overall responsibility for 
ESG (environmental, social, governance). The Audit Com -
mittee is given a leading role in the area of reporting and is renamed the ‘Audit & ESG Reporting Committee’. Like -
wise, ESG issues are more consistently embedded 
throughout the entire organisation. 
The CR governance was endorsed by the Group Execu -
tive Board on 24 September and approved by the Board 
of Directors on 27 October 2021. It enters into force on 1 January 2022. 
The following sections describe the amended CR Gov -
ernance (Information) on the previous CR Governance 
can be seen in last year’s report. 
N See www.swisscom.ch/cr-report2020
Strategic goals of the Federal Council
The Federal Council defines the goals which the Confeder -
ation as our principal shareholder aims to achieve in the next four years. During the current target period, to 2025, 
it expects us to pursue a corporate strategy that is, to the extent economically possible, committed to sustainable 
and ethical principles. 
N See www.swisscom.ch/ziele_2022-2025
Incorporation in the Group strategy
Our Board of Directors is committed to pursuing a Group 
strategy geared towards sustainability. The sustainabil -
ity strategy is part of this.
N See www.swisscom.ch/basicprinciples
Organisation and responsibility
Board of Directors
At the request of the CEO, the Board of Directors 
approves the sustainability strategy embedded in the 
corporate strategy and defines the key ESG issues for 
Swisscom, including the goals. It is also responsible for the supply chain policy for potential conflict minerals 
and for products and services where child labour is sus -
pected. The Board of Directors monitors the risks related 
to identified material ESG concerns. It decides on the 
application of national or international regulations for ESG reporting and approves the corresponding external 
reporting. 
In the 2021 reporting year, the Board of Directors has 
already approved the new climate targets. It is informed in writing in half-yearly reports on the implementation 
status of the sustainability strategy. In December 2021, 
the Board of Directors acknowledged the 2022 roadmap derived from the sustainability strategy.
Audit & ESG Reporting Committee of the 
Board of Directors
The Audit & ESG Reporting Committee of the Board of 
Directors defines the Key Performance Indicators (KPI) in 
relation to material ESG matters. It monitors the con -
cepts defined by the CEO for implementing the sustaina -
bility strategy and the KPIs, and evaluates the effective -
ness of the defined measures. It also monitors compliance 
with due diligence requirements in the areas of conflict minerals and child labour. The Audit & ESG Reporting 
Committee designs and monitors the internal control 
system to ensure the reliability of ESG information and sustainability reporting. It decides on the design of inter -
nal and external reporting on material ESG issues, the auditing of reporting and approves the sustainability report. The Chairman of the Audit & ESG Reporting Com -
mittee informs the Board of Directors at the next meet -
ing of the Board of Directors about the previous commit -
tee meeting.
CEO
The Board of Directors has delegated the implementa -
tion of the Group strategy to the CEO, who may delegate 
tasks and competences to subordinate bodies. The CEO 
defines the targets and measures for implementing the sustainability strategy. He is supported in this task by the 
members of the Group Executive Board (GEB) and by the 
Head of Group Communications & Responsibility (GCR). The CEO submits the devised sustainability strategy and 
the ESG issues evaluated as material to the Board of 
Directors for approval. The CEO periodically reports to the Board of Directors or to the Audit & ESG Reporting 
Committee on the current status of target achievement 
and measures, as well as their effectiveness. If necessary, a working group consisting of members of the Group 
Executive Board is convened for specific ESG issues.
Group Executive Board (GEB)
Our Group Executive Board has defined the main goals 
for the company and sub-goals per division as part of the 
sustainability strategy. It also convenes at least twice a 
year to discuss the further development and implemen -
tation of the defined measures. Each November, it 
adopts the roadmap and sub-goals (benchmarks) for the 
coming year.
17Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategyRoles
Members of the Group Executive Board as well as the 
Head of Group Communications & Responsibility are 
sponsors for the strategic action areas for their divisions. 
Together with their Division Management, they are responsible for implementing the sustainability strategy 
in the line units and for deciding on specific measures. 
This is how we ensure that the action areas of the sus -
tainability strategy are binding and firmly embedded in 
the company.
Ready for people:
● Head of Residential Customers (private customers, 
accessibility)
● Head of Group Communications & Responsibility (media skills, youth media protection)
● Head of Group Human Resources (employees incl. apprentices, diversity)
● Head of Group Business Steering, CFO (supply chains, ESG reporting)
Ready for the environment:
● Head of IT, Network & Infrastructure (network topics, energy efficiency)
● Head of Group Business Steering CFO (mobility and real estate topics, climate risks, ESG reporting)
● Head of Business Customers (sustainable portfolio business customers)
● Head of Residential Customers (sustainable portfolio private customers)
Ready for Switzerland:
● Head of IT, Network & Infrastructure (network expan -
sion and dismantling)
● Head of Group Strategy (compliance, risk manage -
ment, governance, IT security, data security)
N See www.swisscom.ch/group-executive-board
The Group Executive Board has the following controlling instruments at its disposal:
● Weekly reports by GCR on the main events
● Half-yearly reports with the main KPIs from the prior -
ity areas of the sustainability strategy
● Quarterly reports drawn up by Risk Management● Half-yearly status reports in the Division Manage -
ment Committees on the status of the division 
roadmap
Group Communications & Responsibility
The Group Communications & Responsibility (GCR) divi -
sion is responsible for taking into account the goals of the 2030 Agenda and thus for sustainable development 
at Swisscom. The sustainability team as part of the GCR division creates the sustainability strategy and manages 
its implementation. To this end, the sustainability team 
works together with the business units to develop an overarching annual roadmap.
Processes: 
Sustainability criteria are integrated into product port -
folio applications and processes as well as investment 
decisions in a standardised manner.
Monitoring: 
The KPIs from the sustainability strategy are consist -
ently integrated into the divisional targets. Furthermore, sustainability reporting will be strengthened by inte -
grating it into the existing financial reporting and the 
risk management process. Compliance with CR govern -
ance is reviewed in the internal audit.
Business units
Within the sustainability team, Single Points of Contact (SPOCs) are defined for each business unit. The SPOCs 
are the contact persons for business unit management 
and also the Corporate Responsibility (CR) champions. CR champions have implementation responsibility for 
the measures and report on implementation progress to 
sponsors and to the SPOC. Depending on the strategic priority in question, sustainability measures are imple -
mented by either project teams or line units.
Sustainability network
Events are held during the year for all members of the sustainability network. The purpose of these sustaina -
bility community events, supplemented with themed Green Lunches, is to raise awareness of material sustain -
ability issues and to exchange information. The sustain -
ability network managed by the sustainability team is open to all employees.
18Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategy
Corporate ethics
Our actions are based on ethical principles. With this 
approach we meet our responsibility to all stakeholders 
– but also to ourselves. The public and stakeholder 
expectations of the business community have increased sharply, and we ourselves are also increasingly demand -
ing that we act responsibly and with integrity.
We endeavour to act in a way that does not lead to any 
disadvantages for customers, employees, the economy, the environment, society or the company itself. As our 
main shareholder, the Confederation expects us to pur -
sue a corporate strategy that, to the extent economi -
cally possible, lives up to sustainable and ethical princi -
ples. We are committed to transparency and open 
dialogue with the public. We encourage our employees to keep asking themselves whether their professional 
decisions and actions comply with the norms and values 
of both the company and society. We can only be eco -
nomically successful if we inspire the trust of our stake -
holders and can convince them with responsible actions based on ethical principles.
N See www.swisscom.ch/cr-governance 
We meet these goals through our commitment to the environment, society and the economy. In the analogue 
as well as the digital worlds, our ethical standards take 
equal account of the needs of Swisscom and our stake -
holders. We are aware that this can also result in con -
flicting objectives. We therefore actively address this matter, make decisions in line with our values, and strive to collaborate to identify solutions that accord with our 
corporate culture.Responsible and ethical actions affect the entire com -
pany. We trust our employees and appreciate the fact 
that they act responsibly in their day-to-day work in 
keeping with our values. Management sets an exam -
ple. The Head of Group Communications & Responsi -
bility is also the person responsible for Swisscom’s eth -
ics. He deals with ethical issues and impact assessments 
relating to our business activities and raises staff awareness. The person responsible for ethics also pre -
sides over the Data Ethics Board, which meets to dis -
cuss data projects and makes recommendations for projects and management. Together with the CEO and 
the Head of Human Resources, he also regularly reflects 
on corporate ethics issues with a small group of people
.
The sustainability strategy creates added value for society, the economy, the environment and the entire company. It stands for a brand of entrepreneurship 
where ethical and economic concerns are given equal 
consideration. In line with our sustainability strategy, we examine projects and engagements not only for 
their profitability, but also for their long-term impact 
on the environment and society, and thus for compli -
ance with sustainability standards. 
We are committed to the following rules and code of 
practice:
● Code of Conduct: taking responsibility, complying with rules, being honest and reporting violations – 
with these four principles Swisscom’s Code of Con -
duct contains the minimum expectations that the Sustainability Governance structure 2022Strategy
Control
reportingReporting
reporting,  
recommendrecommend
Overall managementDecisions
Performance 
measurement
ImplementationAudit Committee & ESG-Reporting
Line units, Sustainability Network and CR-ChampionsReportingsupport,  
controlDecisions
Targets,  
Decisions
ReportingDecisions,  
implementation
* The Board of Directors now has overarching responsibility for ESG 
matters and approves the sustainability strategy as part of the 
corporate strategy.Sponsors and division managementGroup Communications &  
Responsibility incl. SPOCsCEO/Group Executive Board (GB)Board of Directors *
Previous CR Governance News CR GovernanceReporting
19Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategyBoard of Directors and CEO have of the managers and 
employees of Swisscom and the Group companies.
N See www.swisscom.ch/cr-governance 
● Corporate governance: transparency and clear responsibilities characterise responsible corporate 
governance at Swisscom. Sustainability governance 
defines the rules in accordance with which the line units and the sustainability network make decisions, 
oversee and report (see ‘Corporate Responsibility 
Governance’). 
N See www.swisscom.ch/cr-governance 
● Values and promises:  we focus on three values – 
trustworthy, committed, curious – which define who 
we are and the attitude with which we do our work. 
Swisscom has a duty to everyone in Switzerland to make the opportunities provided by the networked 
world accessible, easy to use and relevant. That is our 
responsibility as number one. That is our promise as the Swisscom brand. 
N See www.swisscom.com/purpose
● Principles of communication: employees adhere to Swisscom’s values and principles of communication 
in their day-to-day communication with one another 
and with customers, as well as in media and public relations work.
N See www.swisscom.ch/cr-governance 
● Data Ethics Board: we have set up a Data Ethics Board to examine data processing operations based on objecti -
fiable values. The Board, chaired by the Head of Group Communications & Responsibility, examines specific application scenarios from day-to-day business. The 
Board consists of representatives from HR, Customer 
Care, Data Analytics and Mobile Solutions for Business Customers. In the year under review, the Board met four 
times to review current cases according to ethical crite -
ria. This number may seem small. However, Swisscom 
generally has few cases that raise ethical questions. Our 
business models and services are fundamentally not 
data-based. Data ethics principles are already being taken into consideration by development teams. This 
leaves very few complex cases for the Data Ethics Board 
to look at in depth.
● Transparency and dialogue:  we value and seek con -
tact with the public. We maintain open dialogue with interested stakeholder groups on specific topics relat
-
ing to our core business. Swisscom employees have the option of anonymously reporting suspected unfair 
business practices via a publicly accessible whis
-
tle-blowing platform. The reports are processed 
according to a defined process. The Chairman of the 
Board of Directors, the Head of the Audit & ESG Report -
ing Committee, the CEO, the CFO and the responsible 
member of the Group Executive Board are informed 
about reports in a timely manner and anonymously. 
The Audit Committee receives quarterly updates from VR-IA on the status of audit activities in the event of serious reports.
 
● Responsible data handling: data-based applications and services provide opportunities for society, for the 
economy and for us as a company. We are aware of 
the trust our customers place in us when it comes to the handling of data. That is why we have set up a 
data governance procedure. This formulates meas -
ures and processes to systematically establish and 
promote a responsible data culture. The aim is to 
ensure that Swisscom processes data in a legally 
compliant and legitimate manner. This is also an example of how we are involving ourselves in the 
socio-political discourse surrounding the public avail -
ability of data (see ‘Data protection’).
N See www.swisscom.ch/smartdata
● Code of Conduct for Procurement: with our Code of 
Conduct for Procurement, we set binding rules: for us 
and our conduct as one of the largest buyers in Swit -
zerland, but also for our supply partners, for whom 
we set high standards in terms of operating efficiency 
and innovation, but also in respect of social and eco -
logical matters.
N See www.swisscom.ch/codeofconduct
● Corporate Responsibility Contract Annex: the Code 
of Conduct for Procurement sets out the principles 
and procedures to be followed by the procurement 
organisations. It stipulates the requirements that suppliers accept by signing the CR Contract Annex 
(CRCA). We use a structured risk management system 
to review compliance with these requirements. This system was introduced in the purchasing organisa -
tion in 2015 and has since been expanded in terms of its concept. It covers all the risk areas of the supply chains.
Management approaches 
within the Group
The Group’s precautionary principle
We work in a sustainable manner, in accordance with 
our visions and values. We use established management 
systems and approaches to reduce ecological, economic 
and social risks. Group targets and directives ensure that sustainability is taken into account in operations and 
projects. In addition to the management systems put in 
place, training employees and raising their awareness is an important part of our precautionary principle.
Our management systems adhere to ISO international 
standards. External audits confirm compliance with the 
following standard requirements through certification:
● 9001 Quality management
● 14001 Environmental management
● 14064 Guideline on greenhouse gas inventory
● 20000 IT service management
20Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategy● 27001 Information security management system
● 33002 Information technology – process assessment 
We have a certified quality assurance system (QAS) for 
measuring the electromagnetic fields of mobile commu -
nication antennas. This system is designed to ensure 
compliance with the limits set down in the Ordinance on 
Non-Ionising Radiation (ONIR limits) (see ‘Mobile teleph -
ony and society’). Preventive measures are taken as part 
of our operational risk and safety management system 
(see ‘Risk management system ’).
Compliance management 
Swisscom’s wide range of business activities, coupled with the complexity of the applicable regulations, calls for an 
effective compliance management system (CMS). Our CMS 
covers all divisions and is based on the following elements:
● Culture: the compliance culture is the basis for an 
effective CMS and as a code of conduct it sets out the 
minimum expectations of the Board of Directors and 
CEO of Swisscom Ltd. These are communicated throughout the company by its leadership, and 
demonstrated and disseminated in day-to-day col -
laboration.
● Goals: the Board of Directors defines the compliance 
objectives: all organisational measures and activities are aligned with these goals.
● Risks: we take account of our business activities as 
well as regulatory and legal requirements to deter -
mine compliance risks. We assess and manage risks 
on an ongoing basis and take the necessary meas -
ures.
● Organisation: the Board of Directors defines mini -
mum compliance tasks. The Group Executive Board 
then determines further tasks and responsibilities. In 
so doing, they provide the resources required for an effective CMS.
● Communication: employees are informed of their 
tasks, competences and responsibilities as well as the 
measures in the individual compliance areas. Each 
year, a report is sent to the Board of Directors and the Group Executive Board of Swisscom Ltd, as well as to 
the management boards and boards of directors of 
the subsidiaries and other internal units.
● Monitoring and improvement: we monitor the CMS and eliminate any weaknesses on an ongoing basis.
The CMS monitors compliance with the laws in the fol -
lowing legal areas throughout the Group:
● Anti-corruption
● Anti-Money Laundering Act
● Banking law (deposits from the public)
● Data protection and confidentiality (concerning all laws)
● Federal Act on Product Safety
● Antitrust legislation
● Telecommunications legislation
● Stock exchange law 
N See www.swisscom.ch/basicprinciplesTo safeguard trade secrets, Swisscom does not publish any compliance reports. A brief description is provided in 
the GRI Index of this Sustainability Report.
Responsible marketing 
Our marketing is aligned with our visions and values as 
well as the principles of the Swiss Commission for Fair -
ness in Advertising (Schweizerische Lauterkeitskommis -
sion). Group Communications & Responsibility informs our marketing units about any further development of 
the principles. The communicating units are themselves 
responsible for ensuring that the principles are adhered to since they are best placed to recognise any breaches 
of compliance at an early stage and can take preventive 
action.
In our dealings and dialogue with customers, we recog-
nise the fact that customers, regardless of age, gender or language, respond individually to this ever increasingly 
networked and digitised world. This approach ensures 
that we can support them in the digital world without discrimination and according to their own personal level 
of knowledge.
There were no infringements against fair trading in mar -
keting and communications in the year under review. 
N See www.faire-werbung.ch
The protection of human rights within the 
Swisscom Group and throughout the supply chains 
The protection of human rights is an integral part of our 
corporate culture. We are guided here by the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights, the SA8000 
standard of Social Accountability International (SAI) and the company’s procurement guidelines. By rigorously 
upholding our own guidelines on human rights, we 
implement the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the National Action Plan for Business 
and Human Rights (see ‘Our supply chains’).
N See www.swisscom.ch/menschenrechte
Practices in relation to copyright laws 
Copyright is governed by the collective employment 
agreement. Employees assign to Swisscom any copy -
right, associated protective rights (in particular, rights to software) and all shared rights relating to their accom -
plishments while employed by Swisscom. In the event 
that Swisscom has no interest in the rights transferred 
to it, the employee’s right to make use of them may be reverted to the employee by contract. 
When using free and open-source software (FOSS) to 
develop software, we protect the copyright of third par -
ties by adhering to the required FOSS licensing terms. Its use is regulated in the existing Group directives. For Swisscom software launched on third-party markets, 
FOSS licence compliance must be checked and verified 
by the internal FOSS Compliance Service explicitly.
21Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategySwisscom security 
Advancing digitisation and growing dynamism mean 
that security is becoming more and more important. We 
use the issue of security to further differentiate our 
brand from those of competitors and to open up new growth areas. For that reason, we offer our customers 
security solutions, products and services that are as pro -
gressive as possible. 
We make the networked world more secure by placing 
the needs of our employees, customers and partners at the heart of all our security considerations. By combin -
ing professional security services, skills, processes and tools, we offer the best possible protection for our com -
pany and our stakeholders. Security is guaranteed at all 
times by clear and simple measures, a modern infra -
structure and competent specialists. With training and 
awareness campaigns on current security issues, we 
contribute to a security culture and thus help to ensure 
that employees always behave in a security-conscious manner as a matter of course.
N See www.swisscom.ch/data-protection
 Fraud management 
We actively minimise fraud risks and thus prevent eco -
nomic damage by actively implementing the necessary 
measures based on our own experience and incidents 
involving third parties (e.g. cases of fraud involving cus -
tomers). The combination of detection and prevention 
measures as well as the use of appropriate means (tools 
and personnel):
● depicts the risks of fraud in a transparent manner;
● prevents cases of fraud;
● reveals fraud cases quickly, enabling security loop -
holes to be closed;
● reduces costs since resources are not burdened with exceptional tasks;
● reduces financial losses and enables the recovery of misappropriated assets;
● strengthens our reputation and increases customer confidence.
22Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategy Targets Table
The most important indicators for the achievement of Swisscom’s sustainability targets
    2025  Reference 
Focus of the sustainability strategy  Value 2021  target  value 2022 
       
Ready for people    
Main objective: by 2025 at the latest, we will be helping 2 million people per year to    2,000,000   
use digital media (GRI 416-1, SDG 4)       
Sensitisation courses (pupils, parents, teachers, adults)  .     
Technical aids (minor-protection pin with Swisscom TV, filter software, child-specific subscriptions)  .     
Media relations (publications, social media, guides)  .     
KPI:  Promoting media skills  256,829  350,000  275,000 
KPI:  Training media use  1,094,451  1,273,000  1,000,000 
KPI:  Technical measures for youth media protection  108,716  158,000  125,000 
KPI:  Digital shift  180,285  230,000  185,000 
2022 measures:     
● Web portal for topics related to competent media use (point of entry)  .     
● Course offering for professionals and companies (digital fitness at work)  .     
● Substantial expansion of online training content (synchronous/asynchronous) for diverse target 
groups  .     
Improve working conditions in supply chains (GRI 204, GRI 414, GRI 408, GRI 409, SDG 8).       
We improve the working conditions of employees in our supply chains by consistently       
ensuring that our supply partners comply with social and environmental standards, and by       
monitoring compliance through audits  .       
Number of audits times number of employees in the audited factories in the year in question     
in the JAC network  .     
JAC = Joint Audit Cooperation  .     
KPI:  Number of employees working for suppliers in the audited factories in the year in question  128,733  150,000  135,000 
in the JAC network  .       
2022 measures:     
● JAC Audit Campaign (on-site audits, mobile surveys); focus on critical commodity groups and based 
on SCRM (Supply Chain Risk Management) concept  .     
● Focus Task Force JAC Human Rights (child labour, forced labour)  .     
Diversity (GRI 405-1, SDG 5)       
Increasing the diversity of employees, measured by gender distribution, age mix,     
inclusion, origin and language .     
KPI:  Proportion of women in management (management levels A – C) in headcount (HC) 1 13 .6%  15 .4%  13  .9% 
KPI:  Proportion of women in management (management levels A – C) and in the top  17 . 6%    18  .6% 
CEA levels (D and E) in headcount (HC),       
increase of 1 percentage point annually  .       
KPI:  Percentage of employees with health impairments (inclusion)  .  1 .1%    1  .0% 
2022 measures:     
● Promotion of flexible working models for women and men to be pursued further  .     
● Increasing the diversity of employees, measured by gender distribution, age mix, inclusion, origin and 
language     
● The majority of job advertisements will be published with an employment level of 60–100%  .     
Work stress and resilience (GRI 403-1, SDG 3)       
Maintain or reduce absenteeism rate compared to the previous year  .     
KPI:  Absences in days/target days (weighted by FTE) x 100  2 .80%    2 .8% 
Target days are based on the standard working hours       
2022 measures:     
● Continuation of 2021 measures: focus topic: mental health with the ‘Mental Health First Aid’ trainer 
and ‘Stress & Resilience’ trainer training sessions, plus leadership training in presence management  .     
● Proactively advising managers by means of data analyses  .     
● Offering increasingly provided via online channel (not time or location-dependent) to extend reach  .     
1 This target was added as a KPI in 2021. The value as of December 31, 2020 was 12.9%.
23Sustainability Report 2021 | Environment and sustainability strategy     2025  Reference 
Focus of the sustainability strategy  Value 2021  target  value 2022 
       
Ready for the environment   
Net zero target: Limit CO2 emissions from operations and in the supply chain to    235,000   
235,000 tonnes by 2025 (GRI 305-5, SDG 7)       
In our Swiss business, we will be completely climate-neutral across the entire value     
chain by 2025  . Operational CO2 emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3) will be reduced by more than     
90% compared to 1990  . The remaining, unavoidable emissions will be offset from 2025  .     
KPI:  CO2 emissions Scope 1 (buildings and vehicles, without refrigerants)  14,429    12,300 
KPI:  CO2 emissions Scope 2 (electricity, district heating, compensated)  0    0 
KPI:  CO2 emissions Scope 3 (supply chain, employee mobility, etc  .)  275,962    274,100 
2022 measures:     
● Refurbishment of buildings and heating systems, replacement of fossil fuel-burning heating systems 
with heat pumps  .     
● Electrification of the vehicle fleet and use of hybrid drives  .     
● Agreements with A suppliers  .     
● Promotion of supplier participation in the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), dialogue with individual 
suppliers  .     
Positive CO2 contribution: reduction of CO2 emissions by 1 million tonnes by 2025 (GRI 305-5, SDG 7)    1,000,000   
Together with customers, CO2 emissions are to be reduced by 1 million tonnes annually  .     
This corresponds to around 2% of Switzerland’s greenhouse gas emissions  . We achieve these savings     
by enabling our customers to reduce their own carbon footprint through our sustainable portfolio  .     
KPI:  CO2 savings in tonnes  892,812    734,000 
2022 measures:     
● Reduction of traffic through the promotion of homeworking and virtual conferences  .     
● Reduction of traffic through the promotion of remote maintenance and operation using sensor (IoT 
solutions)  .     
● Reduction of CO2 emissions from buildings by optimising heating and power supplies by using sensors 
(IoT solutions)  .     
● Reduction of greenhouse gases through data-based tools for the decarbonisation of companies 
(greenhouse gas inventory, mobility data, Swiss Climate Challenge)  .     
● Investing in and supporting start-ups with greenhouse gas reduction solutions  .     
       
Ready for Switzerland    
Main objective: coverage of Switzerland with fixed ultra-fast broadband as a prerequisite for       
Switzerland’s competitiveness (GRI 203, SDG 9)       
Higher bandwidths by upgrading the existing network and by expanding     
fibre-optic coverage to homes and offices (FTTH)  .     
KPI:  30–40% fixed-network coverage of homes and offices by ultra-fast broadband with speeds of  65,8%  30–40%  n/a 
300–500 Mbps by upgrading the existing network  .       
Basis is 5  .3 million homes and offices in Switzerland (Swisscom inventory)  .       
KPI:  50–60% coverage of homes and offices with ultra-fast broadband  32,9%  50–60%  44%2 
of 10 Gbps by expanding the fibre-optic network (FTTH)  .       
Basis is 5  .3 million homes and offices in Switzerland (Swisscom inventory)  .       
2022 measures:     
● Continuous expansion and modernisation of the existing network  .    
2 Provided that Swisscom can roll out the FTTH network in the point-to-multipoint (P2MP) architecture.
1 This target was added as a KPI in 2021. The value as of December 31, 2020 was 12.9%.
2 Provided that Swisscom can roll out the FTTH network in the point-to-multipoint (P2MP) architecture.
24Sustainability Report 2021 | Our supply chainsOur supply chains
Each year our partners deliver goods and services to us worth over CHF 2  .8 billion  . 
We attach great importance to maintaining a fair, efficient partnership with suppliers 
who share our social and environmental goals and values  . Together we strive to 
protect the climate and improve working conditions in supply chains  .
Fair and environmentally 
sustainable supply chains
An important part of governance and our Sustainability 
Strategy 2025 is implementing laws and standards and 
continuously improving environmental and social 
aspects along the supply chains. With our suppliers, apart from the economic relationship we focus on social, 
ethical, environmental and sustainable procurement 
aspects. With the help of international industry initia -
tives, we can assign these aspects to the supply chain through targeted measures in the network. 
Management approach 
Every year, we purchase goods and services worth over CHF  2.8 billion. Most of these supplies come from the 
ICT sector and from suppliers of network infrastructure 
and merchandise. Measures from our risk management system, e.g. regular audits, help ensure fair and environ -
mentally compatible supply chains. Targeted measures allow potential risks to be identified at an early stage or responded to quickly if they occur. As part of the process 
of digitisation and standardisation, the approach for 
product group criticality and the supplier inphasing pro -
cess was updated. The risk analysis for the product 
groups is now based on a global standard which takes 
into account certain developments (e.g. production methods and origin of raw materials).
Group Business Steering has overall responsibility here. 
The Supply Chain Management unit defines the strate -
gic direction and implements measures across all pro -
curement transactions.
The main basis for this is the Swisscom ‘Code of Conduct 
for Procurement’. It contains binding rules for our suppli -
ers and our employees. Legal implementation is carried 
out through the supplement to the purchasing contract 
‘Corporate Responsibility Contract Annex’ (CRCA), which specifies the ecological, social and ethical aspects in the 
supply chain and safeguards them. 
We monitor compliance with the requirements using a 
structured, holistic risk management system. This system -
atically covers all risk areas of the supply chains and the 
entire supplier portfolio (see ‘Risk management system’).
N See www.swisscom.ch/purchasingMain risk factors in the supply chains 
Human rights
We attach great importance to the observance of human 
rights in the areas specified by the Social Accountability 
International (SAI) SA 8000 standard: the prohibition of 
discrimination, child labour and forced labour, and the right to health and safety, freedom of association and 
collective bargaining, reasonable limits on working 
hours and fair remuneration. The guidelines on human rights are published on our website.
N See www.swisscom.ch/humanrights
As part of our supplier risk management approach, we monitor suppliers systematically and in some cases on 
an annual basis (self-assessment/audits), with massive 
shortcomings in human rights identified and continu -
ously addressed through improvement measures
. 
We are actively committed to establishing the Innovators Network to Enable Human Rights (INHR) initiated by the 
Global Enabling Sustainability Initiative (GeSI). This net -
work seeks initially to develop an ‘intelligence platform’ 
which, based on big data and artificial intelligence, will 
uncover and report on current weaknesses in global sup -
ply chains. Since 2019 we have also been a member of the 
UN Global Compact initiative.
N See www.unglobalcompact.org 
N See www.gesi.org 
Climate risks 
Climate change poses risks, e.g. in the form of increasing levels of precipitation, higher average temperatures and 
extreme meteorological events. These risks may com -
promise the manufacture of telecommunications prod -
ucts and network equipment as well as their transport into Switzerland, and thus have a negative effect on our 
market opportunities and operations. Our greenhouse gas inventory (see ‘Energy consumption and climate 
footprint’) shows that the majority of our CO
2 emissions 
are attributable to the supply chains – a fact we take into account in our strategic priority on climate protec -
tion (see ‘Ready for the environment’).
25Sustainability Report 2021 | Our supply chainsRaw materials
The raw materials contained in Swisscom’s various prod -
ucts come from numerous countries and regions. Ques -
tions are increasingly being raised on the origin of the raw 
materials used and the associated sociological and envi -
ronmental risks. As a member of the Global e-Sustainabil -
ity Initiative (GeSI), we are also affiliated with the Respon -
sible Mining Initiative (RMI). The goal of this initiative is to monitor the origin of conflict minerals more strictly. This 
gives us access to the initiative’s regular reporting.
N See www.responsiblemineralsinitiative.org/about/rmi-initiative/
N See www.responsiblebusiness.org/ 
Corruption
We have established a policy of zero tolerance in our 
approach towards corruption. We implement our internal 
guidelines through regular training, reviews and audits 
across the Group. In addition, we also require our suppliers to comply with these guidelines. We expect our own 
employees and those of our suppliers not to grant or 
accept any undue advantages. Infringements may result in disciplinary actions for our own employees, up to and 
including dismissal. If it is established that a supplier vio
-
lated anti-corruption laws, they are reprimanded and, as a 
last resort, removed from the supply chains.
 Supplier risk management 
Risk management system 
We regularly review several hundred suppliers and sub -
contractors (covering over 80% of our annual spend) for 
relevant risks to our customers and our company. To 
identify suppliers with potential risks at an early stage, we first classify product groups according to their envi -
ronmental and social risk profile. Taking into account defined risk criteria of the potential group and the amount of our order spend, we then identify suppliers of 
goods and services with high and medium risk profiles. 
Our Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM 360°) follows 
a holistic approach. The aim is to reduce risks not only in 
ethical, social and environmental terms, but also with regard to finance, logistics, quality and security of sup -
ply. We continuously check external data sources using individual, weighted score cards (featuring more than 50 risk indicators). If a threshold defined in the system is 
exceeded at a supplier or an upstream supplier, Supply 
Chain Management receives a warning message. In the case of invitations to tender, only suppliers that qualify 
for the relevant product groups will be admitted. 
In 2021, following this procedure, our risk monitoring 
registered over 500 suppliers, subcontractors and poten -
tial suppliers in 51 countries and more than 90 supply 
chains with roughly 500 delivery paths. A supply chain 
consists of at least two delivery paths. 
Risk assessment Risk handling Crisis management
• Product groups
• Suppliers
• Supply chains
• Impact analysis
• Risk treatment• Purchasing contract
– Contract supplement 
Corporate Responsibility
– Contract clauses
• Sustainability Assessment
• Audit in the international network
• Corrective measures
• Delivery partner development• Task Forces
• Impact analysis
• Measures
• Targets
• Monitoring
26Sustainability Report 2021 | Our supply chains EcoVadis sustainability ratings
The risk-relevant suppliers complete a sustainability 
assessment on EcoVadis. 188 suppliers are in Swisscom’s 
portfolio on this global rating platform. These cover 70% 
of the 2021 spend. 
EcoVadis assesses suppliers in the core disciplines of envi -
ronment, labour and human rights, ethics and sustaina -
ble procurement. The relevant supply partners are 
informed about deviations from the defined expectations 
and asked to make improvements. Progress is reviewed in reassessments. In the year under review, Swisscom suppliers scored an average of 59.1 points (prior year: 58.1) out of a maxi -
mum of 100, which was significantly better than the 
average of the total number of suppliers recorded on the 
platform. Their average overall result was 43.8 (prior year: 42.9) points.
91% (prior year: 93%) of our suppliers on EcoVadis have 
already undergone one or more reassessments. In 2021, 
16 (prior year: 16) suppliers were required to undergo 
reassessments. On average, they improved their overall score by 8 points or 17%. 
Comparison between the performance of the Swisscom portfolio and the EcoVadis average: 
      Labor &    Sustainable 
  Overall Score  Environment  human rights  Ethics  procurement 
Swisscom Portfolio  59 .1  61 .6  60 .4  57 .0  54 .0 
EcoVadis           
all companies rated on the platform  43 .8  43 .8  46 .6  41 .8  36 .3 
Reassessments in the Swisscom portfolio compared with the EcoVadis average:
    Average improvement in points compared to the initial assessment
        Labor &    Sustainable 
  Revaluations  1 Total score  Environment  human rights  Ethics  procurement 
Swisscom Portfolio  91%  13 .2  13 .4  13 .3  12 .1  14 .1 
EcoVadis             
all companies rated on the platform  38%  7 .9  7 .6  8 .6  8 .2  5 .1 
1 91% of suppliers in the Swisscom portfolio have undergone at least one reassessment after the initial assessment. Of all companies assessed on the 
EcoVadis platform, this is the case for 38%.
Audits and mobile surveys 
We use audits to identify unsatisfactory practices in 
accordance with specific review criteria and take appro -
priate measures to address them through prioritised and scheduled measures. Uncovered issues often concern the environment, working hours, salary, safety and 
health.
We are a member of the Joint Audit Cooperation (JAC), a 
consortium of 18 telecommunications companies which 
checks the safeguarding of social responsibility in the production centres of the major multinational ICT sup -
pliers. In the year under review, 71 (previous year 78) audits were carried out in the JAC network. The audited suppliers included producers from the areas of IT hard -
ware, software and services as well as networks and end devices. Swisscom succeeded in carrying out the planned six audits despite the difficult circumstances.
N See www.jac-initiative.com
In addition to the normal sustainability audits, our part -
ner organisation Elevate conducted mobile surveys in 
2021. Workers answered questions about their working 
conditions on their mobile phones outside the factories. During the year under review, a total of 17 (prior year: 13) 
mobile surveys were conducted. Other measures, e.g. targeted sustainability training for suppliers, had to be 
postponed until 2022 due to the Covid-19 restrictions. However, the JAC CSR Forum presented the JAC Awards 
for the most exemplary achievements in the field of sus -
tainable supply chains. In 2021, awards were given to 
two of Swisscom’s suppliers. 
Audit results
As in previous years, the audit activities related to pro -
duction facilities and suppliers, the majority of which are 
located in Asia, primarily in China, Taiwan and India. In 
total, 402 (prior year: 665) vulnerabilities were identified. Most of them were related to working hours, health and 
safety and the environment. The findings mainly concern 
the following categories and subcategories: 
● Health and safety:  e.g. blocked emergency exits, per -
sonal protective equipment, and the handling and 
storage of hazardous substances.
● Working hours:  working hours, overtime and rest 
days
● Salaries and benefits:  social security, minimum wages 
and deductions
● Environmental protection:  lack of permits or environ -
mental reports, greenhouse gas emissions (measure -
ment, reduction targets and involvement of suppli -
ers/subcontractors).
27Sustainability Report 2021 | Our supply chains● Child labour and young workers: overtime, night 
shifts and no child labour
● Forced labour:  lack of employment contracts
The time period for rectifying the irregularities depends on the category concerned. For example, correcting non-conformities related to working hours usually takes 
several months as it affects the human resources system 
of the company concerned. 
The JAC Initiative has conducted a total of 812 audits in 
about 40 countries since 2010, 71% of which were at sup -
pliers of JAC members’ direct suppliers. 84% of factories 
audited from 2010 to 2021 are in Asia, 78% of which are 
in high-risk countries. These audits have covered a total of over 1.4 million employees and identified 5,145 cases 
of shortcomings, Of these, 258 cases remain open: 212 
from the 2021 audits and 46 from the 2020 audits.
Partnerships for fair and climate-friendly 
procurement
We attach great importance to maintaining a fair, effec -
tive partnership with suppliers who share our social and 
environmental goals and our values. Through interna -
tional initiatives, we ensure the measures are imple -
mented in close cooperation with our supply partners.
Carbon Disclosure Project
Our supply chains are responsible for the bulk of our CO 2 
emissions. Scope 3 emissions in the supply chains there -
fore play a fundamental role in climate protection. With 
the emissions data from suppliers, the Carbon Disclo -
sure Project (CDP) gives us a reliable basis for determin -
ing the carbon footprint and reduction targets for our company (Science Based Targets) as well as for selected key suppliers.
In September, CDP launched its Science-Based Targets 
campaign, in which 220 investors (with assets of 
USD 29.3 trillion) and 26 corporate customers, including 
Swisscom, asked 1,600 companies to set science-based emissions reduction targets in line with warming sce -
narios of 1.5 degrees. Climate Week NYC also took place, calling for more ambitious action ahead of COP26.
As part of our cooperation with the CDP, we contacted 
and surveyed 73 (prior year: 78) of our relevant suppliers. The companies surveyed have a high order volume or a 
high degree of environmental relevance. They make up 
64% of expenditure per year. The response rate was over 96%. The results processed by the CDP are partially 
incorporated into the EcoVadis platform and also used 
as a basis on which to comprehensively assess our rele -
vant suppliers. We are also using this programme to 
show our own commitment to climate protection to 
8 (prior year: 7) customers.
N See www.cdp.net Global e-Sustainability Initiative
As part of the Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI), the world’s leading ICT providers are committed to sus -
tainable change using new technologies. GeSI has heav -
ily geared its organisation and activities towards the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals. 
We work within the GeSI framework in a variety of pro -
jects, e.g. to promote fair supply chains and the circular 
economy. We also play an active role in various GeSI sus -
tainability projects. These projects include, for example, 
the ‘Digital with Purpose’ initiative and the establish -
ment of the ‘Innovators Network to Enable Human Rights’ (INHR). As part of the ‘Better World Program’, we help selected suppliers to implement best practices in 
the area of corporate responsibility. 
N See www.digitalwithpurpose.org
Better World Program / 
Supplier Development Program
We are involved in the ‘Supplier Development Pro -
gramme’ (SDP) together with strategically important 
suppliers or their sub-suppliers. Over the last few years, 
we have worked with participants to develop solutions in relation to issues such as environmental protection, 
working time regulations and health and safety.
In the SDP, a ‘Saving Estimator’ has been introduced as a 
pilot. This lets companies demonstrate the economic ben -
efits of ethical, environmental and social development 
measures. For example, better working conditions reduce 
staff absenteeism and therefore have a positive effect on 
their motivation and increase the company’s productivity. This also improves the quality of the products, which in 
turn reduces the number of complaints. The environmen -
tal improvements studied include resource savings, for 
example in energy and water consumption.
After the SDP participants themselves have successfully 
completed the development programme over three 
years, they can use it independently and apply it to their 
supply chains. Suppliers who are active in the pro -
gramme continue carrying out their measures inde -
pendently after the first year.
N See www.sdp.gesi.org 
N See www.gesi.org/platforms/the-better-world-programme 
Promoting the circular economy in the supply chains
Within the framework of our cooperation with the JAC initiative and GeSI, we participate in two circular econ -
omy task forces. These are committed to more recycling in the manufacturing industry and strive to include cir -
cular economy criteria in common tendering procedures. 
In the future, the joint JAC audit guidelines will also be 
expanded to include this. Both task forces cooperate with international expert bodies such as the Inter -
national Telecommunication Union (ITU).
N See www.itu.int 
N See www.cep2030.org 
28Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for peopleReady for people
We provide everyone in Switzerland with secure and barrier-free access to the digital 
world  . By 2025 at the latest, we will support two million people a year in the use of 
digital media  . We pay particular attention to the sensible use of media by children 
and young people  . We have developed a comprehensive range of training courses 
for this purpose  . Our employees provide excellent service to our customers every 
day . In return, we offer them an appreciative environment with attractive working 
conditions, flexible working models and numerous opportunities for further training  . 
We promote diversity and combat all forms of discrimination  .
Digitisation and competent media use
We want to promote digitisation in Switzerland and 
enable the digital penetration of everyday life. Everyone 
in Switzerland must be able at all times to communicate 
in both the public and private spheres and to exploit the opportunities provided by digitisation. To make this pos -
sible, we see it as our duty to train users in the compe -
tent and safe use of digital media. First and foremost, we support children and young people in dealing with 
new opportunities. But we are also keen for the working 
population and senior citizens to recognise the opportu -
nities that the information society holds for them.
With the help of our measures, we repeatedly draw the 
attention of the target groups in their various roles 
(young people, parents, working people, teachers and 
grandparents) to the opportunities and risks of digitisa -
tion. We are confident that this will promote an infor -
mation society that is value-adding and safe.
Training support and other measures
Media users today are faced with a wide range of chal -
lenges. Different value systems create tensions. Young 
people experience media as a natural part of their every -
day lives. Adults tend to recognise time lost in online 
presence and try to keep their children away from digital 
media. Older people risk missing out on digitisation, 
although they too could simplify and enrich their every -
day lives with the help of digital media.
In this area of tension, we therefore do not turn a blind eye 
to the risks of inappropriate and excessive media con -
sumption. By 2025 at the latest, we will support two mil -
lion people a year in the use of digital media. The training support is a key measure to help people, to inspire them 
and, if necessary, to assist them in difficult situations.The rapidly changing media landscape is leading to new 
challenges all the time – for children and young people as well as for grandparents, parents, teachers and many 
others. In 2021, we analysed and restructured the range 
of training content and formats. The strategy now fol -
lows the forms of use of contemporary learning paths 
(shift-to-digital), and the support focuses on these three 
areas:
● Youth media protection and media skills: raising awareness and providing assistance in media use for 
children, parents and teachers.
● Digital inclusion:  enabling different target groups to 
use digital media in their daily work and private lives.
● Data and Internet security: raising awareness of pos -
sible risks through digital media, in particular protec -
tion and media use behaviour with regard to people’s 
own data and the prevention of data theft.
This means we are focusing on a uniform range of train -
ing courses on everyday media for schools, parents, sen -
ior citizens, SMEs and other target groups. By bringing 
training content together in one place, we are increasing 
the visibility of our commitment. This website will be launched in spring 2022.
N See www.swisscom.ch/media-literacy
Youth media protection 
and promoting media skills 
Management approach
Not only do we conscientiously comply with the legal 
requirements relating to children and young people, we 
are also taking various, more far-reaching measures to 
foster sensible use of media in Switzerland. The Confed -
eration’s strategy for a healthy and value-adding infor -
mation society serves as a guideline for us.
Sustainability team members are responsible for youth 
media protection and media competence. When it comes 
to the former, we rely on technical measures such as fil -
ters, clearly regulated processes in the advisory and sales 
29Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for peopleprocess and the blocking of value-added services. To pro -
mote media competence, we adopt preventive measures 
such as targeted education, sensitisation and information 
for the various stakeholder groups. In addition, we are in regular dialogue with individual stakeholders from the 
family policy arena, schools and parents’ organisations.
Youth media protection
Swisscom maintains close dialogue with its stakehold -
ers on the subject of youth media protection. Of particu -
lar note is the exchange with the Federal Social Insur -
ance Office, whose task it is to devise an effective legal 
basis for media protection for minors. 
We also take technical measures to ensure that the user 
experience of digital media is supported in the best possi -
ble way. This includes security software with proven, extensive parental control functions, the simple use of PIN codes to restrict the content and commercial use of 
video-on-demand content on our TV service, and the 
child-friendly smartphone ‘Blabloo’, which children can use to practice certain types of behaviour in a playful way. 
Promotion of media skills
We teach children and young people how to deal compe -
tently with new digital opportunities. For this we employ 
various different measures for young people. Swisscom’s 
media courses are aimed at parents, teachers and stu -
dents and highlight both the opportunities and the risks 
of digitisation. 
In addition to the wide range of courses on offer, we also 
provide training materials that teachers can integrate 
independently into their lessons. The ‘Gaming and eSports’ teaching aid, for example, was designed as an 
optional subject and will be available to all schools free of 
charge in spring 2021. The aim of the teaching aid is to promote responsible gaming behaviour and looks at the 
background, contexts and the history of computer games. 
The eight chapters are in line with the competences matrix of the Swiss-German Curriculum 21. The optional 
subject was initially prepared in German and is now being 
adapted into French.
N See www.swisscom.ch/medienkurse 
The ‘media smart’ platform is aimed at families. With its answers to questions about media consumption, the 
platform registered over 76,384 hits in 2021.
N See www.swisscom.ch/getmediasmart
Parents who buy their child their first smartphone are 
challenged when it comes to managing their child’s 
everyday media life. Despite the many new options 
available and the child’s enthusiasm, it is important to be aware of the risks such as addictive behaviour, inap -
propriate content or self-image on social media and to support the children on their first steps into the digital world. That is why we have set up an after-sales process 
to provide parents with ideas and information on media consumption by children and young people on request. We give tips on how to make the children’s smartphone 
a fun and helpful companion rather than a negative influence.
The 2021 ‘enter’ guide looked at the issue of fake news 
and deepfake. It offers easy-to-read and comprehensive 
information about lies, misinformation, disinformation 
and the technical means of spreading them on the net. The booklet is aimed at parents and teachers and sup -
ports them in their pedagogical and educational work.
N See www.swisscom.com/enter 
Through publications in the parents’ magazine ‘Fritz und Fränzi’, we raise the awareness of another target group 
on issues relating to media education and literacy, and 
we reach almost 60,000 readers.
With the JAMES study and the in-depth JAMESfocus 
reports, we carry out important basic research together with the Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW). 
The study surveys the leisure and media behaviour of 
young people aged 12 to 19 in Switzerland in a represent -
ative form across all language regions. This year’s JAMES -
focus report – Hatespeech – examined the emotional impact of hate speech on young people. This was an important resource and foundation for the ‘Mute the 
Hate’ awareness campaign described below.
N See www.swisscom.ch/james 
In August and September, Swisscom worked closely with 
Radio Energy to plan a wide range of measures aimed at 
raising awareness among the population about respect -
ful behaviour on the Internet. In doing so, we conveyed 
basic knowledge, showed how to behave in the role of a 
victim, and what you can do if you encounter hate 
speech on the net. Various parts of the campaign have been integrated into the offering for schools and are still 
available to them.
N See www.swisscom.com/hatespeech 
Digital inclusion, data and Internet security
Since 2005, Swisscom has been teaching people how to 
use mobile devices and the Internet. The courses are 
aimed at everyone in Switzerland, regardless of their tel -
ecommunications provider, and make an important con -
tribution to narrowing the digital divide between the generations.
In 2021, a total of 71,806 people attended training 
courses on how to use modern communications media. 
This means that since the launch of Swisscom’s training courses over 700,000 people have attended (see graphic 
Swisscom educational offers). The significant increase 
over the previous year is due to two reasons: Firstly, we have implemented a large number of measures online 
that were previously only available as content for on-site 
courses. And secondly, the Mute the Hate campaign, 
30Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for peoplegave us the opportunity to make content accessible to a 
broader target group. 
In the year under review, we created the offering for 
SMEs. They too are being challenged greatly by the 
changes in the media and business world: Swisscom 
trainers offer SME employees courses in the use of digi -
tal tools. We are also considering extending this offering 
to teachers in schools who would also like to benefit 
from the opportunities offered by digital collaboration.
Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, we had to temporarily 
close our course venues. We then offered a considerable portion of our course offering digitally. The offering was 
extremely popular: 35,119 participants used our online 
formats in the year under review. Similarly, since the early summer of 2021, various offerings have also been availa -
ble in digital form for schools. Since then, schools have been able to bring our media trainers into the classroom virtually with just a few clicks. However, a limit to what 
was feasible also became apparent. Some of our custom -
ers are hesitant about online training. This motivates us 
to provide help, support and education in this area as well.
Scepticism about the digitisation of many life situations 
sometimes feeds on uncertainty. Advisory services such 
as MyService help our customers get answers to ques -
tions and clear up uncertainties, not only about our own 
products, but also about other end devices or the han -
dling of data. In 2021, there were over 70,000 MyService consulting events
N See www.swisscom.com/myservice 
Accessibility
Management approach
For us, accessibility is not merely an economic obligation. We see this as a service that we are proud to offer our 
customers with disabilities. We attach great importance 
to accessibility for two reasons: firstly, as a matter of principle we comply with the national law on equality for people with disabilities (BehiG). This recommends offer -
ing accessible products. Secondly, we want everyone to 
be able to access all of our products and services.
Our strategy is to start by making the most popular prod -
ucts and channels fully accessible. Given the large num -
ber of Swisscom products, services and communications 
channels, this concentrated approach makes sense.
Various partners evaluate the accessibility of our ser -
vices, such as services involving direct customer contact, 
our website and applications. For instance, Applause 
conducts monthly targeted accessibility testing. These routine reviews and the resolution of any identified 
issues are essential for the meaningful implementation 
of our accessibility improvement strategy and to ensure the effectiveness and sustainability of the measures. 
The test results also serve to validate our strategy
.
Access areas
Swisscom shops and call centres meet strict require -
ments to enable barrier-free access for people with disa -
bilities. We are continuously improving their accessibil -
ity. To this end, we work together with recognised 
organisations, such as the Vision Positive agency and the 
Swiss Association of the Deaf. Shop and call centre staff 
are trained and given practical tools to identify the needs of customers with disabilities.
Access to our website and applications is being improved 
all the time. Here we are striving to achieve the AA level 
of the international Web Content Accessibility Guide -
lines (WCAG). We have already achieved good results 
with the My Swisscom customer centre and the My 
Swisscom application. In the next step, access to the 
online shop and television services (blue TV) will be sig-nificantly improved.
We also provide other services to individuals who have 
impairments. People with impaired vision or mobility 
who cannot use the telephone directory have the option 
of being connected directly to the desired person via the short number 1145. Swisscom provides this service free 
of charge as part of its basic service provision. In addi -
tion, a service for translation into sign language is avail -
able for the deaf. This enables them to talk on the phone with hearing people. We offer this service, which is also 
part of the basic service provision, free of charge in coop -
eration with the Procom foundation.
N See www.swisscom.ch/accessibility
Employees
We want to help shape the future and to make use of the opportunities presented by a networked world. Wherever 
a customer comes across us, he should find us to be trust -
worthy, committed and curious. Accordingly, motivated, 
competent and dedicated employees are of the utmost Swisscom Educational offers
Number of participants (cumulative)
405,159 456,377 578,305 714,480  
2017 2018 2020 2021 2019 515,960 
31Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for peopleimportance. A meaningful, appreciative corporate cul -
ture, dialogue-oriented corporate communications and a 
willingness to embrace diversity underpin our human 
resources policy. We can therefore count on employees who work together and every single day afresh put their 
heart and soul into making people enthusiastic about the 
networked world.
We pay great attention to diversity and take care to treat 
colleagues fairly, regardless of their gender, age, origin, language or sexual orientation. We want to further 
increase the proportion of female employees in technical 
roles in particular. We train around 900 apprentices and ensure the inclusion of employees who have physical and 
mental disabilities. 
To increase their employability, we guide and support our 
employees in their development. To this end, we provide 
our employees with a wide range of learning opportunities. 
The dynamic economic environment demands a high 
degree of flexibility from our employees. As an employer, we make every effort to ensure they remain healthy and 
motivated for the long term. To this end, we pay particu -
lar attention to the maintenance of a good work-life 
 balance, stress prevention, improving resilience and also 
reducing the practice of going to work despite being ill 
(presenteeism).
Dealing with the Covid-19 pandemic
In the year under review, our company again faced vari -
ous challenges in connection with the Covid-19 pan -
demic. But we were able to draw on the experience from 2020 in our response. When working from home was mandatory, over 80% of our employees, including call 
centre employees, did so. Our Covid-19 task force contin -
uously analysed the situation, adapted the measures to 
the current circumstances and regulations of the Federal 
Office of Public Health and the Federal Council, and com -
municated decisions quickly and transparently to the 
organisation. 
Additional specialised cleaning services were performed 
on a regular basis in the premises. We also supplied our 
staff with the means for their personal protection (disin -
fectants, hygiene masks and Plexiglas screens). Social 
distancing rules, mask mandates and the number of per -
sons allowed per room were specified. To make vaccina -
tion as easy as possible, employees were also able attend appointments during working hours.
The option to work from home existed even before the 
pandemic. Today, this is widely used and highly appreci -
ated by many employees.
General terms and 
conditions of employment
Swisscom’s collective employment agreement (CEA) 
offers employees progressive employment conditions. They were drawn up jointly with the social partners and exceed the statutory minimum.
Remuneration and equal pay
We remunerate our employees fairly and in line with market conditions and also ensure equal pay between 
the sexes. The salary system is structured in such a way 
that equal salaries are paid for equivalent tasks and ser -
vices. We adjust employees’ salaries in our annual salary 
review. Employees who have received a better rating in 
the performance evaluation and whose wages are at the lower end of their respective salary bands receive an 
above-average wage increase.
We also periodically review the salary structure for dif -
ferences between men’s and women’s wages using the 
federal government’s equal pay tool (Logib). Previous reviews (most recently in 2021) have revealed minor pay 
discrepancies that are below the 5% tolerance threshold 
set by the Federal Office for Gender Equality.
In accordance with the new requirements under the Gen -
der Equality Act, the equal pay analysis was carried out 
and audited in 2021 for all Swiss Group companies with 
more than 100 employees. The formal review of the 
equal pay analyses required by law was carried out by PWC. Swisscom Ltd issued an unqualified audit opinion, 
concluding that there were no indications the analysis 
did not comply with the legal requirements in all respects.
Profit-sharing
All Swisscom employees share in the company’s success by way of a variable salary component. The employee’s job 
grade determines the level of profit-sharing. This ranges 
from 2% of the basic salary at the lowest level to 30% at the highest level (excluding the Group Executive Board). 
Employees at this highest job level and members of the 
Group Executive Board receive a proportion of their varia
-
ble profit-sharing in the form of Swisscom Ltd shares.
comPlan pension fund
We offer our employees an attractive pension solution, with benefits that exceed the statutory minimum, 
through the comPlan pension fund. At the end of 2021, 
some 16,900 (prior year: 17,200) Swisscom employees and 9,300 (prior year: 9,100) pensioners were insured 
under comPlan.
Fringe benefits
All Swisscom employees receive fringe benefits in the 
form of an allowance towards Swisscom services as well 
as the SBB half-fare travelcard, irrespective of their job 
and whether they work full-time or part-time. Most locations also offer a selection of discounted lunch 
options.
32Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for peopleSupplementary regulations 
governing management staff
Management employees are entitled to 30 paid sabbati -
cal days after every five uninterrupted years of manage -
rial employment. They are also covered by a manage -
ment staff risk insurance policy in the event of death.
Social partnership
As part of our agreed participation arrangements, we 
allow staff representatives and trade unions a consulta -
tion period of at least two weeks. Participation includes rights to information, participation, decision-making and self-responsibility and is set out in the CEA. The con -
sultation period is determined by the legal basis, case law and established practice. We generally give longer notice periods than required by law and attach great 
importance to dialogue between management and the 
social partners.
Annual leave
Depending on their age, Swisscom employees are enti -
tled to between 25 and 30 days’ annual leave. In addi -
tion, they have the opportunity to buy ten further days of annual leave per year. Employees subject to the CEA who organise their working time autonomously (time 
autonomy, in compliance with Ordinance 1 to the 
Employment Act) receive five additional days of annual leave per year. All employees subject to the CEA also 
receive five additional days of annual leave every five 
years as a reward for their loyalty to the company.
Working models
New technologies make innovative forms of organisation possible. We purposefully advance the development of 
new working models and test them within our own com
-
pany. Agile forms of collaboration originated in software 
development and have become established at Swisscom. 
Accordingly, we have introduced agile setups in the IT, 
Network & Infrastructure department first. Flat hierar -
chies with interdisciplinary, autonomous teams, in which everyone thinks and acts entrepreneurially, characterise 
this way of working. This facilitates the dynamic and flexi
-
ble provision of services. It is clear that employee satisfac -
tion with this collaborative work culture increases after 
the first few months. Over 5,000 Swisscom employees 
now work in various agile settings.
Flexible working hours
Our working week is 40 hours. Some subsidiaries have 
working weeks of 41 or 42 hours. At the same time, we 
allow our employees to organise their work flexibly in 
terms of place and time in line with the requirements of their job. We provide them with the necessary ICT infra -
structure.
Home office
Our company plays a pioneering role in the home office model throughout Switzerland. Even before the Covid-
19 pandemic, working from home, on the road or at dif -ferent locations was very popular and widespread among our staff. With the fringe benefits, we pay our 
employees a generous monthly allowance towards their mobile and Internet costs. Employees appreciate the 
flexibility, the elimination of commuting and a better 
work-life balance. However, this working model also requires more self-discipline on the part of employees 
when it comes to structuring their day, keeping to work -
ing hours and taking breaks.
A survey conducted last year confirms our progressive 
stance on working from a home office. Swisscom is build -
ing on this experience and intends to continue offering 
the hybrid form of collaboration (a mixture of working at 
home and on site) in the future. It therefore drew up some flexible working principles, which stipulate, among other 
things, that employees should also work on site on a reg-
ular basis, depending on tasks, activities, meetings, etc. Each team decides on how to coordinate arrangements.
Combining work and home life
Flexible working models make an important contribu -
tion to the integration of all employees in different life 
situations. We therefore advertise the majority of jobs 
with 60 to 100% working hours. In order to make part-time working more popular, especially among men, it 
can be chosen for a three-month trial period.
We attach particular importance to the compatibility of 
work and family life and support parents with contribu -
tions to extra-familial childcare. We offer our female 
employees 18 weeks’ maternity leave on the birth of 
their child. Employees can claim 15 days of paternity 
leave and a month of unpaid leave in their child’s first year. Parents who adopt children are entitled to ten days’ 
adoption leave. The Work & Care model enables employ -
ees who care for sick relatives to temporarily reduce their 
workload and thus meet the needs of their family. 
Thanks to this commitment, in the year under review, 
the Pro Familia organisation awarded us the ‘Family 
Score’ seal of approval for the years 2021 to 2023. This 
award confirms that we are effective in promoting bal -
ance between work and family life. 
Employee engagement programmes
Two programmes are available to employees. Move! offers a wide variety of sporting, health promotion and 
cultural activities. The programme, some elements of 
which are available for a fee, is financially supported by the Swisscom Foundation sovis. The second programme, 
Give&Grow, is about corporate volunteering. Swisscom 
employees can perform charitable work once a year dur -
ing their working hours, e.g. taking part in a nature con -
servation assignment or computer courses for refugees.
33Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for peopleProfessional development
Management approach
In order to take advantage of the emerging opportuni -
ties of digital change and to master its challenges, com -
petent employees are essential. We therefore offer our 
employees the opportunity to keep up with technical progress and to continuously enhance their skills. 
For this reason, we grant them five training and develop -
ment days per year, which are firmly enshrined in the col -
lective employment agreement (CEA). We have also set a 
target that a majority of employees use this: whether through the varied internal training offering, on-the-job 
development or external training and continuing profes -
sional development e.g. in conjunction with the Swiss 
education portal.
The One Swisscom Academy is designed to strengthen 
the employability of employees with a broad range of 
training and development opportunities. We have also 
signed digitalswitzerland’s ‘Life Long Learning’ initiative and we are committed to life-long learning. 
Career starters
We provide around 900 apprenticeships in seven differ -
ent vocational areas. Added to these are roughly 50 
apprenticeships in three vocational areas at the subsidi -
ary cablex. In 2021, 266 (prior year: 266) apprentices 
with Swisscom and 12 (prior year: 16) cablex apprentices 
successfully completed their vocational training. This 
corresponds to a success rate of 98% (prior year: 95%). At the same time, 253 (prior year: 267) young people 
started their apprenticeship at Swisscom and 12 (prior 
year: 13) at cablex. The range of apprenticeships on offer means that there are opportunities for young people at 
all qualification levels: we offer training places for grad -
uates of basic school education (secondary level I) as 
well as for grammar school graduates (secondary level II) 
and for students of the practice-integrated degree 
course in information technology. Every year, around 100 (prior year: 70) graduates from universities of 
applied sciences and universities gain their first practical 
experience in our company as part of a step-in intern -
ship. In addition, the trainee programme enables 15 
selected students to embark upon their careers after 
completing their studies, five of which in the field of IT.
Training and education 
By giving employees the freedom to shape their own professional development and requiring them to take 
responsibility for themselves, we create an inspiring 
learning culture and promote competitiveness. 
The One Swisscom Academy offers a wide range of train -
ing and development opportunities. The majority of these 
rely on digitised learning methods. In this way, employees 
can acquire knowledge independent of time and location. 
Depending on the educational goal, we also participate in external training courses by freeing up working time and/or contributing financially. Around 46% (prior year: 58%) of Swisscom employees used at least one of the five train -
ing and development days in 2021.
Programmes for talented employees
We offer a wide range of talent opportunities to employ -
ees with motivation and potential, enabling them to 
improve their skills and move into more responsible 
positions. To avoid talented employees being overlooked in the selection process, employees can themselves 
apply for the talent programmes.
Evaluating performance 
and professional development 
We consider it vital that employees pay attention to 
their employability. We support them in this with the 
virtual career adviser ‘My Employability’. This helps 
them to refine their job profile, uncover missing skills and define appropriate further training measures. ‘My 
Impact’ serves employees and managers as a compass 
for their performance evaluation. Together with their managers, the teams define the contributions they wish 
to make in order to jointly achieve the company’s objec -
tives. They regularly gather feedback from their profes -
sional environment, discuss this with their line manag -
ers and, based on this, plan their professional 
development path in order to improve their readiness to perform.
Diversity and equal opportunities
Management approach
We grow through diversity – as people, as a team, as a company. With their different views and approaches, 
experiences, ideas and skills, employees inspire and 
learn from each other. As a result, the company gains greater creativity, innovation and success. We take care 
to treat colleagues fairly, regardless of their gender, age, 
origin, language or sexual orientation. We also ensure the inclusion of employees with physical and psycholog-
ical impairments. In doing so, we design relevant pro -
cesses in recruitment, appointment, development, tal -
ent management and leadership culture in such a way that they counteract even unconscious stereotyping and 
enable true equal opportunities.
In the past year we pushed ahead again with the promo -
tion of diversity. The diversity team was expanded to 
include two members from western Switzerland and 
Ticino. The internal diversity community currently has 
over 200 members. In 2021, various campaigns and initi -
atives were held, dealing with unconscious bias, 
job-sharing and Pride Month as well as regions and lan -
guage. A diversity strategy was drawn up based on 
extensive data analysis, and clear governance was 
approved by the BoD. In order to measure success, the 
business divisions defined diversity ambitions and approved them. 
34Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for peopleWe have no tolerance for discrimination and the abuse 
of power. This principle is communicated to employees 
and, especially, to managers. In cases of discrimination, 
the neutral Care Gate contact point is available to all employees. 
Recruitment
In the recruitment process we focus on the qualifica -
tions of the applicants and their attitude towards our 
values. Criteria such as age, origin and gender must not 
lead to discrimination. Applications may also be submit -
ted anonymously. Candidates are selected without the 
support of artificial intelligence. With regard to the 
employment of persons from third countries, we comply with the legal regulations and give priority to Swiss 
nationals. In the year under review, the first Ecole42 
course was launched with Swisscom as one of the main sponsors. Ecole42 trains IT specialists regardless of their 
previous career path (career changers) and thus helps to 
create more equal opportunities. The first year began in August 2021.
Combating subconscious discrimination 
and subconscious prejudice
Discrimination often takes place subconsciously. We are 
working hard to counteract this and are registering initial 
successes. For example, the mix of gender and language 
regions in the talent programmes has increased since candidates are no longer proposed by their line managers 
but can apply themselves. We also offer a self-test and 
knowledge transfer on the topic of unconscious bias.
Diversity in management bodies
We currently have three women and six men on our Board of Directors and one woman and five men on the 
Group Executive Board. Top management includes nine 
women. The Group Executive Board continues to set itself the goal of increasing the proportion of women in 
management positions. We are represented in every 
language region of Switzerland and attach great impor -
tance to ensuring that the various languages are ade -
quately represented on the governing bodies. That is why we have made it a priority for 2022 to fulfil our diversity ambitions in the Swisscom divisions.
Gender equality
In the professions in demand by Swisscom, the majority of trainees are still men. To get young women interested in 
ICT professions, we organise the annual ‘Digital Days for 
Girls’. Female apprentices from ICT training courses pres -
ent their everyday working life to female students and, in 
so doing, make them more familiar with ICT. The propor -
tion of women entering the ICT professions at Swisscom in 
the year under review was 27.5% (prior year: 34.2%). 
As a member of the nationwide Advance initiative, we 
promote access to training and networking opportuni -
ties for our female employees. In this way, they can increase their chances of a career move into a more responsible role.
Generations
At Swisscom, people from all generations work together – from young people starting out in their careers to col -
leagues approaching retirement – all with a wide range of knowledge and experience. The exchanges and col -
laboration between the generations is valuable and 
enriching. For this reason, we encourage intergenera -
tional cooperation.
Through the Check Your Chance initiative run by the 
Swiss Employers’ Association, we support the career entry of young people in difficult situations and make it 
easier for older employees to leave the workforce by 
entering partial retirement in stages.
Nationality and language
People from 91 different nations work for us at various locations in all regions of Switzerland. When recruiting 
new employees, wherever possible we prioritise appli -
cants from the respective language region as they are 
familiar with local customs. To attract talented people 
with the necessary profiles, we maintain partnerships 
with universities in the separate language regions of Switzerland. 
Inclusion
We build on the individual strengths and skills that each employee possesses. If employees are in poor health, we 
attach great importance to supporting them in their 
return to work or enabling them to reintegrate in a mean -
ingful way. To promote inclusion, we offer at least 1% of 
all jobs for the integration of people with an impairment 
and the social integration of refugees. Swisscom has been a member and sponsor of the Compasso associa -
tion since it was set up. Compasso provides information and support to association members on job retention and vocational integration. 
Occupational health and safety 
Management approach
Our employees’ health and safety is our top priority. As an employer, we take various measures to help employ -
ees so they stay healthy and motivated for the long term. 
If they have health or social concerns, they can obtain 
anonymous and confidential advice from the neutral Care Gate contact point. 
We place particular emphasis on the prevention and 
early detection of psychosocial disorders such as stress, 
emotional strain and presenteeism. In order to reduce 
work stress and strengthen resilience we promote a healthy work-life balance among our employees, e.g. 
through flexible working hours (see ‘Working models’) 
35Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for peopleand by supporting sporting and other balancing activi -
ties with a wide range of offerings. We also offer our 
employees regular stress and resilience courses. 
We are committed to consistent adherence to safety 
rules in the workplace in order to protect the life and 
health of everyone involved. To ensure this, we consist -
ently implement the statutory provisions. The safety 
system is evaluated every two years with targeted 
audits conducted by occupational safety specialists.
Security experts meet regularly in the Group Security 
Board to discuss common problems and possible solu -
tions and to define overarching Swisscom measures as 
well as awareness-raising and prevention campaigns. 
The Safety Board TU has been set up for larger projects (e.g. when Swisscom awards contracts to a general con -
tractor) and meets six times a year under the leadership of the Safety Swisscom safety officer. 
The safety officers analyse accidents and examine where 
improvements can be made. All these measures lead to lower accident rates and lower absenteeism. Key figures 
on work-related accidents and illnesses are collected via 
a central reporting system. Every year, a survey of the personal work situation is also conducted to measure 
the general stress level and presenteeism of employees.
Safety certifications and partnerships
In the year under review, the Federal Coordination Com -
mission for Occupational Safety (FCOS) certified the 
Swisscom safety system, which is based on national 
standards, as a company group solution in accordance 
with FCOS Guideline 6508 and FCOS Guideline 6508/10 (comparable with the ISO 45001:2018 standard). The 
recertification for another five years (valid until 30 June 
2026) was successfully obtained (FCOS confirmation no. BLZ-2021-G2002).
As the 2021 ‘G20 to ISO 45001’ audit proves, we have a 
comprehensive safety system in place that complies with 
the law. This is based on the requirements of FCOS’ ASA 
guideline. Certification to the latest ISO 45001 standard would be achievable at any time with little effort if cus
-
tomer requirements demanded it.
We are a signatory to Suva’s ‘STOP in case of danger’ safety 
charter. Thanks to our systematic anchoring of health in the company, our targeted prevention approach and 
impact measurement, we were awarded the ‘Friendly 
Work Space’ label by Health Promotion Switzerland in 2018. This designation is valid for three years and will be 
renewed at the beginning of 2022
.
The Employee Representation Committee’s 
commitment to safety
The members of the Employee Representation Commit -
tee are familiar with the realities of life within the com -pany from their own day-to-day work and are therefore 
able to contribute to the well-being of their colleagues. 
They develop proposals for improving ergonomics and 
occupational health and safety, and they bring these to the relevant meetings of the Group Safety Board.
Prevention of psychosocial risks
We offer numerous programmes aimed at preventing health risks within the framework of occupational 
health management (OHM). To reduce psychosocial 
risks, we regularly organise, together with Pro Mente Sana, stress and resilience courses, Mental Health First 
Aid (MHFA) training and courses on presenteeism with 
the Institute for Occupational Medicine. 
A long-term indicator of work stress is the absence rate. 
In 2021, the absence rate was 2.8% (prior year: 2.6%). The number of absences rose by 21% year on year as did the 
duration of the individual absences. 
The feedback from the internal Pulse survey provides a 
further indicator of health risks. This survey explicitly 
asks whether employees experience negative stress in their working environment. If a team has high stress 
readings, we offer the opportunity to carry out an 
in-depth stress analysis. This includes measuring pre -
senteeism, which is a psychosocial risk that the company 
pays particular attention to. 
Work-related accidents and illnesses 
The risk and the number of occupational illnesses pursu -
ant to the Federal Accident Insurance Act (UVG) are mini -
mal at our company. The number of occupational acci -
dents per thousand full-time employees was stable in 
the year under review. At 16 accidents per one thousand 
full-time employees per year, the incidence rate is well 
below that of comparable sectors (e.g. insurance). 
More than a third of all occupational accidents at 
Swisscom occur in the office and home office. Most of them are falls caused by inattentiveness, stumbling or 
slipping. As these are minor accidents, they cause no or 
only a few days of absence or absences from work. The reported occupational accidents are systematically ana -
lysed by the Safety Officer. If necessary, technical, organ -
isational and personal measures are taken. 
In the current year, Suva found no cases of work-related 
illness at our company. Likewise, no fatal or serious acci -
dents at work were recorded.
In the case of long-term absences, the number of cases is 
falling, but the average length of absence is also increas -
ing, particularly due to psychological stress. 1,915 (prior year: 1,888) of absences were caused by non-occupa -
tional accidents (NOA)
.
36Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for people  2019  2020  2021 
Number respectively as indicated  Male  Female  Total  Male  Female  Total  Male  Female  Total                    
Illness and accidents (S+A)                   
Regular working days in FTE  3,103,967  1,028,765  4,132,732  3,036,402  986,088  4,022,490  3,003,720  960,697  3,964,417 
Days lost due to illness                   
(w/o work-related illness)  65,149  36,077  101,227  59,583  28,952  88,535  65,514  33,193  98,707 
Days lost due to work-related                   
illness    57  57  –  –  –  –  –  – 
Days lost due to work-related                   
accidents  2,673  259  2,932  2,513  152  2,665  2,483  133  2,616 
Days lost due to                   
non-work-related accidents  12,984  3,409  16,393  10,567  2,792  13,359  9,024  2,754  11,778 
Days lost total (S+A)  80,806  39,803  120,610  72,663  31,896  104,559  77,020  36,080  113,100 
Number of cases of illness  15,045  7,197  22,242  11,373  5,385  16,758  14,413  6,241  20,654 
Work-related accidents  241  43  284  197  32  229  201  34  235 
Number of non-work-related                   
accidents  1,906  572  2,478  1,452  402  1,854  1,493  408  1,901 
Total cases 1 17,192  7,812  25,004  13,022  5,819  18,841  16,107  6,683  22,790 
Share of days lost due to illness                   
(w/o work-related illness)  2 .10%  3 .51%  2 .45%  1 .96%  2 .93%  2 .20%  2 .17%  3 .45%  2 .48% 
Share of days lost due to                   
work-related illness    0 .01%  0 .0014%  0 .0000%  –%  0 .0000%  0 .000%  –%  0 .00% 
Number of work-related accidents  0 .09%  0 .03%  0 .07%  0 .08%  0 .02%  0 .07%  0 .08%  0 .01%  0 .07% 
Share of days lost due to                   
non-work-related accidents  0 .42%  0 .33%  0 .40%  0 .35%  0 .28%  0 .33%  0 .30%  0 .29%  0 .30% 
Rate of days lost total (S+A) in %  2 .61%  3 .87%  2.92%  2 .40%  3 .20%  2.60%  2 .60%  3 .70%  2.80% 
Work-related deaths  –  –  –  –  –  –  –  –  – 
Net presence in FTE  9,864  2,458  12,279  7,816  2,117  9,921  7,760  2,062  9,809 
Total productive hours                   
performed  20,306,884  5,753,271  26,060,156  16,294,051  5,005,499  21,299,551  16,201,459  4,847,351  21,048,810 
Productive time per FTE in hours  1,684  1,636  1,673  1,402  1,505  1,425  1,412  1,488  1,428 
1 Failure of working time which generates medical costs
Employee age structure
in headcount (HC)
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 
between 30 and 50 years     over 50 years     up to 30 years     17,120 
2,258 
9,629 
5,233 16,230 
2,019 
8,985 
5,226 15,780 
1,922 
8,639 
5,219 18,549 
2,374 
10,175 
5,238 15,517 
1,810 
8,485 
5,222 
37Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for people Overall balance in Switzerland
  2019  2020  2021 
Number respectively as indicated  Male  Female  Total  Male  Female  Total  Male  Female  Total                    
Total workforce in Switzerland                   
Average workforce FTE      16,872      16,234      15,961 
Workforce end of year FTE      16,628      16,048      15,882                              
Reporting limit in Switzerland                   
according to the personnel information system                   
Coverage report limit      93%      93%      92% 
Average workforce FTE  12,062  3,516  15,578  11,652  3,337  14,989  11,509  3,270  14,779 
Employees in FTE per end of December  11,938  3,443  15,381  11,584  3,318  14,902  11,465  3,211  14,676 
in headcount (HC)  12,231  3,999  16,230  11,919  3,861  15,780  11,794  3,723  15,517 
Temporary positions (HC)  945  292  1,237  806  225  1,031  737  197  934 
Permanent work contracts (HC)  120  92  212  177  117  294  141  87  228 
Temporary work contracts (HC)  12,111  3,907  16,018  11,742  3,744  15,486  11,653  3,636  15,289 
Gender ratio (HC)  75 .4%  24 .6%  100 .0%  75 .5%  24 .5%  100 .0%  76 .0%  24 .0%  100 .0% 
Full-time employment (HC)  10,692  2,101  12,793  10,172  2,001  12,173  10,058  1,933  11,991 
Part-time employment (HC)  1,419  1,806  3,225  1,570  1,743  3,313  1,595  1,702  3,297 
Ratio full time employees (HC)  88 .3%  53 .8%  79 .9%  86 .6%  53 .4%  78 .6%  86 .3%  53 .2%  78 .4% 
Ratio part time employees (HC)  11 .7%  46 .2%  20 .1%  13 .4%  46 .6%  21 .4%  13 .7%  46 .8%  21 .6% 
Employees in collective employement                   
agreement (CEA)  9,538  3,614  13,152  9,247  3,462  12,709  9,108  3,289  12,397 
Rate collective labour agreement (CEA)                   
to total workforce  78 .0%  90 .4%  81 .0%  77 .6%  89 .7%  80 .5%  77 .2%  88 .3%  79 .9% 
Top Management (HC)  76  9  85  69  9  78  68  10  78 
Management (HC)  2,617  376  2,993  2,603  390  2,993  2,618  424  3,042 
Rate of employees within                   
Management (HC)  87 .4%  12 .6%  100 .0%  87 .0%  13 .0%  100 .0%  86 .1%  13 .9%  100 .0%                                       
Fluctuation in Switzerland                   
Average age  44 .1  41 .5  43 .5  44 .3  41 .7  43 .7  44 .5  42 .1  43 .9 
Leavings 1 1,382  497  1,879  1,092  317  1,409  1,009  321  1,330 
Leavings < 30 years 1 197  123  320  170  74  244  176  74  250 
Leavings 30–50 years 1 708  256  964  524  158  682  448  137  585 
Leavings > 50 years 1 477  118  595  398  85  483  385  110  495 
Rate of leavings < 30 years  14 .3%  24 .8%  17 .0%  15 .6%  23 .3%  17 .3%  17 .4%  23 .1%  18 .8% 
Rate of leavings 30–50 years  51 .2%  51 .5%  51 .3%  48 .0%  49 .8%  48 .4%  44 .4%  42 .7%  44 .0% 
Rate of leavings > 50 years 2 34 .5%  23 .7%  31 .7%  36 .4%  26 .8%  34 .3%  38 .2%  34 .3%  37 .2% 
Enterings 1 908  239  1,147  705  177  882  850  211  1,061 
Enterings < 30 years 1 278  109  387  214  82  296  282  89  371 
Enterings 30–50 years 1 547  120  667  434  88  522  484  107  591 
Enterings > 50 years 1 83  10  93  57  7  64  84  15  99 
Rate of Enterings < 30 years  30 .6%  45 .6%  33 .7%  30 .4%  46 .3%  33 .6%  33 .2%  42 .2%  35 .0% 
Rate of Enterings 30–50 years  60 .3%  50 .2%  58 .2%  61 .6%  49 .7%  59 .2%  56 .9%  50 .7%  55 .7% 
Rate of Enterings > 50 years 2 9 .1%  4 .2%  8 .1%  8 .1%  4 .0%  7 .3%  9 .9%  7 .1%  9 .3%                                       
Further KPIs                   
Education and training days      52,776      45,734      54,822 
Number of days training and education                   
per employee (headcount)      3 .3      2 .9      4 
Maternity and paternity leave  584  210  794  580  195  775  671  207  878 
Total CEO compensation in kCHF      1,759      1,853      1,958 
Median salary in kCHF      137      139      141 
Ratio CEO compensation / median salary      13      13      14 
Variation of CEO compensation      –3 .8%      5 .3%      5 .7% 
Variation of median salary      1 .5%      1 .5%      1 .4% 
Minimum full time salary in kCHF                   
according to the CEA      52      53      52 
Peformance Dialogues 3     91 .4%      95 .4%      86 .0% 
1 without fixed-term contracts of employment
2 without retirements3 without apprentices
38Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environmentReady for 
the environment
The protection of the environment and especially the climate is an important part of 
our corporate philosophy  . For over 20 years, we have been systematically improving 
our energy efficiency and working to reduce our environmental footprint  . Together 
with our customers, we aim to save significantly more greenhouse gas emissions than our entire operation and supply chains generate  . To this end, we are developing 
an attractive range of technology-supported services  . We are also driving forward 
the conversion to a circular economy with innovative solutions  .
Climate protection 
and energy efficiency
Management approach
Limiting the global rise in temperature is a major chal -
lenge for our society. In our role as an IT and telecommu -
nications provider and as a major consumer of energy, 
we are intensively and proactively concerned with cli -
mate protection and energy efficiency. We operate the 
largest telecommunications and IT infrastructure in 
Switzerland and one of the largest fleets of company and commercial vehicles. Added to this are our office and 
operations buildings, shops and data centres. Every year 
we procure goods and services worth 2.8 billion and pro -
vide many customers with a wide range of products and 
services. We want to use our influence to make a signifi -
cant contribution to a climate-friendly Switzerland. To 
this end we have drawn up an ambitious climate strat -
egy and a comprehensive raft of measures. 
Our climate protection strategy is also based on the IPCC 
reports (Special Report of 2018, 6th Assessment Report 
AR6 of August 2021), which represent a tightening of the Paris climate target, recommending that a maximum 
temperature increase of 1.5 degrees be observed. Our 
reduction path is aligned with climate science up to 2030 (Science Based Targets). In line with these targets, 
we have also identified new measures, including the 
electrification of our fleet and the use of heat pumps for our heating systems and the reduction of emissions 
from our supply chain. 
We manage all measures to protect the climate using an 
environmental management system. We use norms, 
standards and internal directives to implement the planned savings and efficiency measures systematically. 
All subsidiaries with operations that are of significant 
environmental importance are certified according to ISO 14001 and ISO 9001. These are Swisscom (Switzerland) Ltd, Swisscom Broadcast Ltd and cablex Ltd. Our Italian subsidiary Fastweb S.p.A. is also ISO 14001-certified. The 
environmental management system used and its effi -
ciency are subject to an annual external audit. We have determined our energy requirements on the basis of sce -
narios and defined energy efficiency and CO
2 reduction 
targets. In addition, we have concluded target agree -
ments with the Energy Agency of the Swiss Private Sec -
tor (EnAW) and the federal ‘Exemplary Energy and Cli -
mate’ initiative. 
Building on an 80% reduction in our direct greenhouse 
gas emissions over the past 30 years, we intend to con -
tinue on the reduction path to reach 90% by 2025. We aim to decarbonise our operations and supply chains further and faster and to limit our direct and indirect CO
2 emis -
sions to 235,000 tonnes between 2020 and 2025. We 
have been completely offsetting the remaining, unavoid -
able operational emissions with myclimate since 2020. As 
a result, we have become a climate-neutral company.
From 2025 onwards, we aim to fully offset the impact on 
the climate caused by the emissions from our opera -
tional activities and our supply chain. At the same time, as we continue to move down the reduction path based on the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) set at 1.5 °C 
we will aim to achieve the net zero target in 2025 accord -
ing to the SBTi requirements.
Periodic analyses of our impact on the environment 
prove that our energy consumption is the most impor -
tant internal lever for reducing CO
2 emissions. By 2025, 
we want to increase our overall energy efficiency by a 
further 25% compared with the level on 1 January 2020. 
In addition, we will focus even more strongly on renew -
able electricity in the future. By purchasing certificates 
of origin, we already use 100% renewable energy today. 
In the coming years, we want to further increase the pro -
portion of solar power we generate ourselves and reduce 
39Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environmentthe use of fossil fuels. These conversions cannot happen 
without investment. We are currently examining our cli -
mate-related risks and opportunities on the basis of the official Swiss climate scenarios (climate scenarios CH-2018) and will align our business strategy accord -
ingly as required. We follow the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) of the Financial Stability Board (FSB) in the areas 
of governance, strategy and risk management, and pub -
lish information on our approach to adaptation and mit -
igation as well as on our conclusions. In this way we will ensure the long-term resilience of our business and cre -
ate the basis for our investors to trust us and accompany 
us on this path. In the year under review, we successfully issued another CHF 100 million green bond. Reports on the allocation of the capital and the impact achieved are 
publicly accessible on our website.
N See www.swisscom.ch/financing
Our ambitions do not stop at net zero emissions. 
Through our portfolio and together with our customers, 
we aim to increase CO2 savings to 1 million tonnes per 
year by 2025. These savings correspond to around two per cent of Switzerland’s greenhouse gas emissions. In 
this way we are making a significant contribution to cli -
mate protection in Switzerland. We promote and 
develop services that enable people in Switzerland to 
lead a climate-friendly lifestyle.
    Start year  Target year   
Partnership  Target agreement  January 1st  Dec  . 31st  Target 
Swisscom  CO 2 reduction scope 1 to 3  2020  2030  –47% 
Swisscom  Net zero emissions  2020  2025  –% 
Swisscom  Energy efficiency (savings measures over total energy consumption, not weighted)  2020  2030  +43% 
EnAW  Energy efficiency (savings measures over total energy consumption, not weighted)  2013  2022  +35% 
EnAW  CO 2 intensity of heating fuels  2013  2022  –8% 
  (CO 2 emissions as a proportion of total CO 2 emissions and CO 2 savings)       
EnAW  CO 2 intensity of fuels  2013  2022  –24% 
  (CO 2 emissions as a proportion of total CO 2 emissions and CO 2 savings)       
VBE  Energy efficiency (savings measures over total energy consumption, not weighted)  2020  2030  +18% 
Science-Based Target  CO2 reduction Scope 1  2020  2030  –74 .9% 
Science-Based Target  CO2 reduction Scope 2  2020  2030  –100% 
Science-Based Target  CO2 reduction Scope 3  2020  2030  –45 .7% 
Energy efficiency in operations
We are investing an enormous amount in telecommuni -
cations networks and in energy efficiency measures. The 
network infrastructure is described in detail in the ‘Infra -
structure’ section of the Annual Report and in the ‘Ready 
for Switzerland’ section of this report. To operate the 
networks we need various energy sources, primarily 
electricity.
Energy management according to the standard 
Through systematic energy management, we are increasing our energy efficiency, reducing costs and min -
imising our company’s direct and indirect carbon foot -
print, especially our CO
2 footprint. In line with ISO Stand -
ard 50001 on energy efficiency, our energy management 
approach consists of the following process steps:
● Determining energy requirements over a specific 
period
● Defining and approving energy efficiency targets and corresponding measures
● Determining the energy mix (particularly the electricity mix)
● Implementing energy efficiency measures
● Monitoring, energy balancing and reporting
● Developing and marketing sustainable ICT products and servicesDetermining energy demand up to 2030
In the year under review, we again reviewed our energy requirements and their CO
2 footprint up to 2030. The 
hypotheses and scenarios considered postulate total electrification of mobility and strong electrification of 
heating our own buildings thanks to heat pumps. The 
demand for fossil fuels should thus decrease signifi -
cantly. The switch to electrical processes will be accom -
panied by considerable increases in efficiency, as electric motors and heat pumps are particularly efficient. 548  558  546 534  563 Total energy consumption 
Swisscom
in GWh
2017 2018 2020 2021  2019
40Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environmentDetermining the energy and electricity mix
We pay attention not just to the quantity of energy con -
sumed, but also to its quality and therefore to its carbon 
footprint. In accordance with our procurement policy for 
renewable energy published in 2020, we procure our energy wherever possible from sources that are renewa -
ble or produce low CO
2 emissions. These include primar -
ily hydropower, photovoltaics, wind power and, to a 
lesser extent, biomass for heating systems. 
N See www.swisscom.ch/renewable-energy
At 87%, electricity accounts for the largest share of our 
total energy consumption. We are committed to the use 
of 100% electricity from renewable energies and are a 
member of RE100, an international initiative to promote electricity from renewable resources. We obtain our 
renewable energy through three mechanisms: 
● We have our own photovoltaic systems.
● We purchase the majority of our hydroelectricity from 
established suppliers in Switzerland. 
● We buy certificates of origin (HKN) for the non-re -
newable part of the energy mix. 
As a result, the proportion of renewable energy used in the year under review, as in previous years, was 100%, as 
verified by the independent inspection authority SGS.
Energy-efficient operations
We are continuously committed to increasing energy 
efficiency and reducing the associated CO2 footprint in 
our operations. The following measures make the great -
est contribution.
Network modernisation
Despite constant network expansion in both broadband and mobile networks, electricity consumption was virtu
-
ally unchanged in 2021. This was achieved thanks to the use of new, more efficient technologies and the system
-
atic implementation of further efficiency measures such as the modernisation of the low-band radio units in the 
mobile network. It was also due to the dismantling of 
obsolete platforms and network elements such as the shutdown of the 2G network and the dismantling of the 
analogue telephony platform TDM. 
Replacement of antennas and cooling devices
In the mobile network today, remote radio units are 
used to the greatest possible extent and are mounted in 
the immediate vicinity of the antennas. The radio units 
range from two transmitters/receivers to eight trans -
mitters/receivers. The portfolio includes coverage-opti -
mised single-band and multi-band radio units that reduce space requirements, power consumption and the overall operating costs.
They are cooled directly by the outside air, which reduces 
the heat load and therefore the required cooling capac -
ity within the base station. Swisscom is replacing its oversized and energy-intensive cooling systems and air-conditioning units wherever possible with environ -
mentally friendly and cost-effective ventilation systems that operate without compressors and coolants.
Innovative data centres
The power usage effectiveness (PUE) value represents the total power consumed by a data centre relative to the 
power consumed by the IT infrastructure used there. In 
the year under review, our data centres had an average PUE value of 1.34 (prior year: 1.32). We strive to improve 
this figure all the time.
Our most innovative data centre is located in Berne Wank -
dorf. This is cooled with recirculated air and rainwater and 
achieved a PUE value of 1.32 in 2021. Its waste heat flows into the city of Berne’s heating network and directly heats 
homes in the vicinity. 
In order to further boost the efficiency of our data cen -
tres, we are focusing primarily on server virtualisation. 
This means that less IT infrastructure and therefore less energy are required for the same performance.
Savings in buildings
We monitor and improve electricity consumption in buildings in accordance with the internal Pioneer stand -
ard. In the year under review, the corresponding checks helped optimise the operating conditions of buildings, saving 629 MWh of energy, 245 MWh as a result of light -
ing measures alone. 
We measure the consumption of heating oil, natural gas, 
district heating and water on a monthly basis in our 120 
largest buildings. Together, these buildings account for more than half of our total floorspace. We then extrapo -
late these figures to calculate the overall annual con -
sumption. The monthly measurements have also revealed cases of disproportionately high energy con -
sumption, which have been optimised. Practically no change was observed in energy consumption for heat -
ing the buildings during the year under review, as the 
offices were heated even with a small number of occu -
pants. However, adjustments to the heating mix – such 
as the use of biomass (wood), including indirectly via 
district heating as a supplementary energy source – 
have reduced the CO
2 emissions of the buildings slightly.
Since 2016, we have been systematically replacing all heating systems due to be renovated with CO
2-free sys -
tems. The new heating systems generate heat by 
means of heat pumps, biomass (wood) and, where pos -
sible, heat recovery from their own operation. They are 
contributing to the shift from fossil fuels to electricity 
to cover energy needs, while at the same time increas -
ing efficiency. The energy and CO2 intensities of build -
ings, all categories combined, have dropped by 37% and 51% respectively since 2007.
41Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environmentUtilising waste heat
We use the waste heat from the IT infrastructure in the 
operating rooms or from data centres to heat our offices 
or neighbouring areas. For example, we feed waste heat 
into the district heating systems in Zurich (Binz and Herd -
ern), St. Gallen, Berne Wankdorf and Ittigen to heat resi -
dential and office buildings in the neighbourhood. Dur -
ing the year under review, a total of 13.5 GWh (prior year: 12.8 GWh) of thermal energy was fed into neighbouring 
areas as district heating, saving 1.35 million litres of heat -
ing oil (prior year: 1.28 million litres).
Generating our own solar energy
We generate and use our own electricity from photovol -
taic systems on our transmitter stations, base stations and telephone exchanges. At the end of 2021, the total 
output of our 87 solar installations was 3,376 kWp (+ 1.7%) and electricity production was 2.94 GWh. The pro -
ject for the construction of photovoltaic systems on buildings with mobile communications installations was continued in the reporting year. This means that we 
should exceed the set target of 4,000 kWp by the end of 
2023. 
Fleet of climate-neutral vehicles
Our entire fleet will be climate-neutral: by 2025, com -
pared with the new reference year 2020, we will halve 
the CO2 emissions of our vehicle fleet, and by 2030 the 
entire Swisscom fleet will be CO2-neutral (passenger cars 
and commercial vehicles).
In 2021, Swisscom accelerated the electrification of the 
vehicle fleet. Swisscom was one of the first companies in 
Switzerland to procure 80 electrically powered vehicles. 
The vehicles have sparked huge interest internally and have been distributed among Swisscom’s various divi -
sions. This also marks the start of the increased procure -
ment of vehicles with electric drives. In parallel, charging stations have been installed in our buildings. Employees 
who opted for an electric car received financial support 
to install a charging station at home.
Further measures are contributing to halving the CO
2 
footprint for mobility. The fleet is being resized. Thanks 
to optimisations made in field and customer services, 
fewer vehicles are in use. The traditional drives will con -
tinue to be optimised and energy-efficient models pro -
cured. Procurement criteria such as efficiency category and CO
2 emissions are being given more weighting. In 
2021, 87.8% (prior year: 87.3%) of the vehicle fleet was 
assigned to energy efficiency categories A and B. The 
passenger car fleet had average CO2 emissions of 115 
grams per kilometre according to WLTP; the commercial 
vehicles emitted 170 grams per kilometre. Climate protection solutions 
for our customers
According to the SMARTer2030 study by GeSI, ICT solu -
tions can cut global CO2 emissions by around one fifth by 
2030. This is why we are consistently committed to the 
use of innovative ICT services in our own company and by 
our customers. Together with them, we want to save 1 million tonnes of CO
2 annually by 2025, which corre -
sponds to around 2% of Switzerland’s total emissions.
N See www.swisscom.ch/sustainableproducts
Below we report on the most important ICT products for our customers, divided into business and residential cus -
tomers. The offerings have different climate impacts – on the indirect emissions (Scope 3/footprint) that arise with the use of the products or on the emission reduc -
tions (Scope 4/handprint) that the customers achieve through the use of the products. A detailed greenhouse gas balance sheet by emission category is published in 
our Climate Report.
N See www.swisscom.ch/klimabericht2021
For residential customers
● blue TV:  in the year under review, Swisscom launched 
the Swisscom Box 21 on the market. This requires even less electricity than its predecessors. In addition, 
customers can optionally select a deep standby mode during installation, which further reduces electrical 
energy consumption but also slightly reduces 
user-friendliness (longer start-up time). Despite steady growth in customer numbers for blue TV, we 
have gradually reduced the energy consumption of 
all TV boxes in operation. In 2021, the TV boxes together required 56 GWh (prior year: 59 GWh). This 
was achieved thanks to extensive efficiency improve -
ments in the new Swisscom Box 21. 
N See www.swisscom.ch/tv 
● Routers:  we did not launch a new Internet Box in 
2021. Our Internet Boxes offer several ways to save energy. One is a time switch allowing users to set 
times during which the Wi-Fi, central storage or telephony (Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecommuni -
cations – DECT) functions are switched off. In addi -
tion, fewer devices are being used in home networks, as the Internet Boxes are increasingly replacing the 
connecting devices previously required to wirelessly 
link computers, televisions and HD fixed-line teleph -
ony, resulting in modest falls in energy consumption.
N See www.swisscom.ch/router 
● Energy-optimised operation of end devices: the energy consumed by customer devices can be extrap -
olated to 281 GWh (prior year: 287 GWh) based on the power consumption of each device and typical usage profiles. We would like to reduce this amount 
and draw the attention of our customers to the 
numerous energy-saving possibilities. On our web -
site, for example, we recommend the appropriate 
42Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environmentsettings for energy-optimised operation of devices. 
We also provide information on the energy consump -
tion of end devices such as Internet and TV boxes.
N See www.swisscom.ch/save-energy
● Online bills: online bills are an environmentally friendly alternative to paper bills and save money and 
time. The proportion of our customers who receive 
their bills online grew significantly once again to 64% (prior year: 56%). This saves over 20 million sheets of 
paper per year. 
N See www.swisscom.ch/bills
● Climate-compensated smartphones:  in 2021, the 
range of climate-compensated smartphones was extended to all Swisscom shops and supplemented by 
three additional compensation categories. In coopera -
tion with our partner South Pole, we offer our custom -
ers the opportunity to offset the CO
2 emissions not 
only of their smartphones, but also of tablets, smart -
watches and protective cases, for example. These emissions are produced during manufacturing, use and disposal. In the year under review, Swisscom cus -
tomers offset the impact on the climate of over 26,000 products in the shop.
N See www.swisscom.ch/compensation 
● Swiss Climate Challenge: we have launched the Swiss Climate Challenge (SCC) together with Energy Swit -
zerland, Migros Pioneer Fund and South Pole. In June 2021, we ran a public challenge where the public was incentivised to collect 100,000 green points via the 
SCC app. The target set was exceeded by 175,000 
green points and around 12,000 new users. Initial evaluations show that users significantly reduced 
their CO
2 footprint resulting from mobility during the 
challenge. A total of around 50,000 people registered for the SCC and became aware of the footprint caused 
by their mobility. In an accompanying research pro -
ject, ETH Zurich investigated the impact of the SCC on 
the reduction of the personal footprint. ETH Zurich 
identified a reduction in CO
2 emissions from mobility 
as part of an experiment, but this cannot be consid -
ered statistically relevant due to the size of the sam -
ple. Further investigations will corroborate the observed significant reductions in emissions during 
the Challenges. 
N See www.swissclimatechallenge.ch
● Smart mobility with autoSense:  the autoSense IoT 
platform from our joint venture with AMAG and Zurich Insurance assists car owners in networking 
their vehicles. In addition to services related to servic -
ing and repairs, autoSense provides feedback and rec -
ommendations on a person’s own driving style and gives tips on how to make it more efficient.
N See www.autosense.ch For business customers
● Work Smart:  collaboration platforms with video, chat 
and filing functions allow people to work from home 
or on the go. The relevance of these technologies has 
been really demonstrated since the Covid-19 pan -
demic started, e.g. for coping with working from 
home and home-schooling. As a funding member of 
the Work Smart initiative, we contribute to the pro -
motion of Work Smart in Switzerland and make our 
experience and knowledge available to other compa -
nies.
● Virtual conferences:  conferencing services enable 
location-independent and interactive collaboration with employees, customers and partners around the 
world. With virtual conferences, numerous business trips can be avoided and commuter traffic reduced. 
This saves time and massively reduces CO
2 emissions.
● Data centre services:  by offering the server infra -
structure in our efficient data centres and our cloud services, we help businesses improve efficiency, secu -
rity and scalability, while saving energy and costs. In 
the year under review, the customer base and there -
fore the number of efficiently operated servers increased.
● Dematerialisation:  various collaboration solutions 
support paperless work and reduce paper consump -
tion, among other things. For instance, the number of customers and transactions on Conextrade – a plat -
form for the digitisation and automation of business 
processes – jumped in the year under review.
N See www.swisscom.ch/bills
● Swisscom Smart City:  networked and smart devices 
and applications help buildings and transport systems to be operated more efficiently. Furthermore, the net -
working and remote monitoring of plants and vehi -
cles make it possible to reduce the logistics costs of companies and cities. For example, networked waste 
containers optimise collection routes within city lim -
its. These IoT solutions are mostly developed and mar -
keted by innovative SMEs and start-ups. 
N See www.swisscom.ch/smartcity 
● IoT Climate Award:  to provide an incentive for the 
development and dissemination of innovative IoT 
solutions, we held the IoT Climate Award for the sec -
ond time in the year under review. With the award, 
we recognise companies and start-ups that offer cli -
mate-friendly IoT solutions. The winners of the 2021 Award are Nexxiot for its solution for optimising logistics in freight rail transport, Belimo with its 
smart valve for optimising heating systems in build -
ings, and Energiezukunftschweiz with its LORAALARM 
for remote monitoring of solar thermal systems.
N See www.swisscom.ch/iotclimateaward 
● Swiss Climate Challenge for companies: together with PostFinance, we developed the Green Coins 
incentive system, which rewards sustainable behav -
43Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environmentiour. Green Coins can be earned in behavioural chal -
lenges and then spent on sustainable products or 
donations to non-profit organisations. In 2021, the 
first company challenge was held with the employees of Swisscom, Swiss Post and PostFinance. More com -
pany challenges of a similar nature and the first chal -
lenges with people living in cities are planned for next year.
● Mobility analyses of companies, cities, municipali -
ties and events: on the basis of anonymised mobility 
data, mobility analyses can be created for companies, 
cities, municipalities to optimise transport planning. After completing initial analyses with pilot compa -
nies, we refined the offering for the first time in the reporting year and developed it as a prototype. These prototypes were then tested with customers in the 
second half of the year. A decision will be made in 
early 2022 as to whether this will lead to a standard -
ised product that companies can use to record their 
CO
2 emissions from business and commuter traffic, 
evaluate the efficiency of their work-smart culture, and plan new solutions – for example, in the area of 
electromobility.
N See www.swisscom.ch/mip 
● Myni Gmeind:  the association Myni Gmeind is a col -
laboration between the Association of Swiss Munici -
palities, Swisscom, Swiss Post, Cisco and Academia. With the help of digital solutions, we strengthen the attractiveness and sustainability of municipalities. In 
the reporting year, we held various webinars on digi -
tisation topics for municipalities. In addition, a special 
edition of the publication Schweizer Gemeinde (Swiss 
municipalities) on the topic of 5G was published with 
the Association of Swiss Municipalities.
N See www.mynigmeind.ch 
● Investments in the area of sustainability: the Swisscom Ventures division has been successfully 
investing in start-ups in the field of digitisation for 
many years. In the year under review, Swisscom Ven -
tures invested in two technology start-ups active in 
sustainability. Firstly, Ecorobotix, a start-up in the 
field of smart farming whose solutions help farmers significantly reduce the use of pesticides. Secondly, 
ClearSpace, which is active in the removal and dis -
posal of space debris and has been awarded a con -
tract by the European Space Agency ESA for this pur -
pose.
N See www.ecorobotix.com/de 
N See www.clearspace.today  Use of resources and circular economy
Management approach
It takes not only energy but also a multitude of other 
resources, such as land and water, etc. to operate tele -
communications networks. Careful handling of these makes sense from an economic perspective and is essen -
tial from an ecological point of view. We therefore con -
tinuously develop our operational environmental com -
patibility and our sustainable use of resources in accordance with ISO 14001. We intend to reduce or sta -
bilise consumption in our operations. 
The resources used by us and our suppliers are finite and 
in some cases scarce. Therefore, the choice and applica -
tion of materials plays a central role. The longer a 
resource is used, the more ecological it is. Manufactur -
ers, retailers and telecommunications companies have become aware that the linear economy, however effi -
cient it may be, must gradually be replaced with a com -
pletely closed circular economy throughout the value chain. This extends the lifetime of resources, reduces waste and greenhouse gas emissions, and thus effec -
tively takes pressure off the environment. 
Based on the commitments of our sustainability and 
supply chain strategy, we have further developed our 
circular economy activities. In this respect we are very well positioned with the take-back and second-life pro -
grammes (e.g. Swisscom Mobile Aid). There is potential for improvement with the circular economy compatibil -
ity of our own products and through greater transpar -
ency in network dismantling. A working group, consist -
ing of internal experts and led by the sustainability team, is dedicated to the implementation of the knowl -
edge gained here. This working group coordinates the Group-wide circular economy programmes by exploit -
ing synergies and challenging the status quo. It also 
reports on key figures and supports major projects from 
a circular economy standpoint. The decision-making authority lies with the line managers.
We can play a relevant role in the circular economy on 
the Swiss market as a supplier of merchandise (mobile 
phones, etc.) and self-developed and branded devices 
(e.g. TV and Internet boxes) and also as a network oper -
ator. Our innovations give customers access to better 
products and services and eliminate the need for out -
dated platforms. An example of this is the dismantling 
of the previous TDM transmission technology: the exist -
ing analogue fixed network is no longer needed after the complete migration to All IP. In keeping with circular economy principles, we return its components to the 
cycle via reuse programmes instead of disposing of 
them. In the year under review, we also collected used mobile devices via companies, offered second-hand 
devices for purchase and improved the logistics for 
returning faulty equipment.
44Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environment Circular economy in practice
Measures
We enable resources used in our operations to be 
returned to the cycle via our recycling, repair and reuse 
initiatives and provide our customers with straightfor -
ward offers for the reuse of materials and resources. 
Sustainable resources for own products
In-house products are devices that bear the Swisscom 
logo (e.g. TV boxes and routers). 
For our own products, we strive continuously to use 
new, more sustainable materials that are reused from 
other sources. We have been working on the possible 
use of new types of biopolymers – which come from 100% renewable material and serve as a plastic substi -
tute – in Swisscom devices on the basis of a pilot project. In the year under review, this material could not be mass produced yet. It is still our intention to make our own 
products more sustainable and compatible with the cir -
cular economy.
Raising awareness among the public
In September and October, we ran a campaign to make 
customers aware of the topic of the circular economy. 
The focus of the campaign was to draw the attention of 
younger customers in particular to our second-life pro -
grammes such as Swisscom Mobile Aid, Buyback and 
Refreshed. This involved providing basic knowledge 
about the raw materials and manufacturing energy which are needed in the production of smartphones. 
Customers were also made aware of the fact that they 
can contribute to the circular economy by using sec -
ond-life programmes. The campaign shows the target group how they can use their mobile phones longer or give their devices a second life.
Repairs
In the reporting year, Swisscom opened two new Repair Centers at the Biel and Lugano sites. As a result, 
Swisscom now has a total of eleven locations with Repair 
Centers. 
If a device happens to be faulty, we offer on-site repairs 
within 24 hours at our eleven Repair Centers. For an extra charge, this express service includes repairs within 
three hours. One in five mobile phones purchased from 
us will be repaired by us at least once during its lifetime and will not have to be replaced. Most repairs relate to 
cracked displays or remedying battery and software 
problems. The manufacturer’s warranty remains valid thanks to the use of certified specialists and original 
parts. In 2021, we repaired 12,700 (prior year: 16,600) 
mobile phones at our 11 repair centres. This corresponds to 20% (prior year: 22%) of the total number of smart -
phone repairs at Swisscom. 
Reuse of packaging
Customers play a major role and contribute to a success -
ful circular economy. After all, they decide what will hap -
pen to their products and packaging after use. On the ‘ReThink’ website, we outline tips on how to reuse pack -Waste presentation cycle in mobile phone withdrawals SwisscomRecycling
CustomersDesign/ 
Procurement
Operation/  
DistributionReturn  
and triage  
equipmentReuseRaw materials Waste
45Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environmentaging. This makes it easy for our customers to reduce the 
amount of their waste.
N See www.swisscom.ch/rethink 
We have also further developed our packaging concept to facilitate reuse. The ReBox packing box with or with -
out any branding on it can be reused independently. In the year under review, we gradually modified them to be in line with all our own products
.
Reduction of plastics in our own products
In the year under review, we began gradually reducing the amount of plastic used in the inner packaging of 
Swisscom’s own products. Working with the suppliers, we 
were able to replace all plastic packaging for the cables supplied with TV boxes with smaller, more environmen
-
tally-friendly paper labels in the year under review. Fur -
thermore, in consultation with customers, the cable length and therefore the amount of material used for new 
products was reduced.
In the year under review, we tested various forms of pack -
aging and inner packaging with our suppliers. The evalua -
tion determines how we will continue to develop these 
materials going forward. We also want to gradually reduce the amount of paper used in supplied instructions. A pro -
gramme for this is now under way.
In the year under review, we sent 1,194 million parcels 
(prior year: 1,187 million) to our customers via our logis -
tics partner ALSO. 741,000 (prior year: 612,000) of these 
had outer packaging. The shipping packages are 
designed to protect the product in the best possible way. 
They are constantly being optimised. In the year under review, more than 95% (prior year: 95%) of the outer 
packaging no longer required any additional filler. This is 
very welcome from an ecological point of view.
Return of materials
In 2021, we once again improved the targeted reverse logistics for the reprocessing of Swisscom’s own products. 
We adapted the notifications to the customers. In doing 
so, we want to ensure that as many devices as possible, which can be refreshed and used as replacement devices, 
are returned to Swisscom. The simplified ‘Take me back’ 
system introduced in 2019 is an important component. This complements the existing options in reverse logistics. 
Selected routers in the case of assurance and replacement 
contain return labels for the return shipment of faulty devices. This means that equipment can be collected by 
the postal service from the customer’s own mailbox. In 
the year under review, we achieved a return rate of 41% (prior year: 48%) with this return process. We are planning 
to offer ‘Take me back’ for other product categories.
N See www.swisscom.ch/material
‘Refreshed smartphones’
We re-launched the refreshed smartphones offering in 
mid-2021, following a soft launch in the previous year. We now offer used second-hand devices in our online shop. Most of these devices come from our Buyback and 
Buyback Business programmes, with which we buy back 
old devices. Extending the service life of the devices makes a lot of sense from an environmental point of 
view. The growing customer interest in ‘refreshed smart -
phones’ comes from both price-sensitive and environ -
mentally conscious customer groups.
N See www.swisscom.ch/refreshed 
Swisscom Mobile Aid and Mobile Aid Business
Returned functional devices have the potential for reuse. 
In 2021, Swisscom Mobile Aid collected 130,000 used 
mobile devices that had been returned by consumers. 
This is significantly more than in the prior year (90,000 devices). We sell around a third of these devices via a 
third-party company to countries where there is demand 
for low-priced second-hand devices. All proceeds from the sales go to the social enterprise réalise in Geneva and 
the SOS Kinderdorf Schweiz relief organisation. 
Réalise inspects and sorts the devices collected, separates 
working devices from faulty ones, deletes the data from 
working devices and prepares them for resale. Devices that can no longer be sold are professionally recycled by a 
SWICO-licensed company. The initial stages are carried 
out by the recycling company Solenthaler Recycling AG (SOREC) together with Valida. The social institution Valida 
helps long-term unemployed people to reintegrate into 
the workforce. Compared with the prior year, the return rate for mobile devices rose to 21% (prior year: 15.5%).
N See www.swisscom.ch/mobile-aid
Companies can now work with their employees to col -
lect old mobile phones for Mobile Aid. For this purpose, 
we provide them with the collection box free of charge. 
After the campaign, they receive an evaluation of the success of the collection and communications from SOS 
Kinderdorf Switzerland about the proceeds, which are 
used specifically for children in need. Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, large numbers of people have been work -
ing from home, which is why Mobile Aid Business has only been used sporadically. But the interest from the companies has been huge, and a number of collection 
campaigns are already planned for 2022.
N See www.swisscom.ch/mobileaidbusiness 
Dismantling of network infrastructure
In places where we install new, more powerful networks, 
we also regularly dismantle old network infrastructure. In 
2020, the last customers were migrated over to IP. This pro -
duces large amounts of old hardware that can be disman -
tled and recycled. The (reusable) materials produced in the process will be either reused, resold to other providers or 
recycled. With the completion of the dismantling of the material-intensive platforms (TDM), the quantities to be 
recycled will also decrease. In the year under review, we dis -
mantled and recycled 1,370 (prior year: 1,286) tonnes of 
iron, 78 (prior year: 140) tonnes of aluminium, 698 (prior 
46Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environmentyear: 763) tonnes of cable and 677 (prior year: 437) tonnes 
of electrical waste and printed circuit boards. We use some 
components ourselves or sell them to other, usually for -
eign, network operators. Both reuse (of components, e.g. 
as spare parts) and resale (of entire systems or parts thereof 
on the market to other providers) reduce the general 
demand for newly manufactured parts and contribute to our climate protection goal.
Materials that can no longer be used are sent for recycling, 
where they are broken down into their individual parts and 
reprocessed so that they can be reintroduced into the mate -
rial cycle. This procedure is resource-saving and is carried 
out for the most part in Switzerland. The materials obtained 
include iron, silver, gold, palladium, copper and nickel.
Recycling
Wherever possible, we reuse materials that have 
already been used in the office and in the company, e.g. 
recycled paper and rainwater, our own waste heat and 
district heating. At our headquarters, for example, we use district heating from a nearby purification plant. 
The recycling category in the waste categories table 
comprises the following materials which are accumu -
lated during operations: metals (copper, iron, alumin -
ium), paper and cardboard, plastics (PET, PE, PP) and toner cartridges. These materials are fed into a new cycle outside Swisscom. 
Promoting innovation to create 
a more circular economy
Swisscom promotes innovation in the circular economy. 
As a member of Swicorecycling, we support the Innova -
tion Fund’s activities. The work carried out by the SWICO Innovation Fund and the projects it supports are described on its website.
In the year under review, we also supported the Circular 
Economy Incubator of the Impact Hub Switzerland as a 
partner. In the year under review, the jury selected 33 par -ticipants for the Incubator Programme from more than 100 
applications. This will run until the end of January 2022.
N See www.swico.ch
N See www.cetransition.ch
Economical use of resources
In addition to our energy-saving measures, we also endeavour to reduce the use and consumption of other 
resources in our operations or at most to keep them at the 
same level as in the previous year. The following principles are essential for us in terms of environmental protection: 
whenever possible, we avoid the use of short-lived mate -
rials. We favour the use of substances with no or little 
impact on the environment and ensure that they are inte -
grated into an economic cycle (see ‘Circular economy’).
Impact of the Covid-19 pandemic
The increased use of working from home in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic had an impact on the con -
sumption of resources in the year under review and in the prior year. Far less paper was consumed, for exam -
ple. Water consumption also decreased, and there was 
less waste. The number of business trips fell. Almost 
no change was observed in the heating of the build -
ings, as the offices were heated even with the smaller 
number of users. 
Paper
We are massively reducing paper consumption thanks to 
the complete digitisation of work processes in the com -
pany and at our customers. In everyday office life we have reduced the number of print jobs with the ‘Fol -
lowMe Printing’ service, and externally we promote 
paperless online billing. Since our offices are not yet com -
pletely paperless, we use recycled paper with the Blue 
Angel environmental label. From such paper we also 
make the telephone directories, whose circulation is 
declining. For advertising and print media, we use only paper with the FSC label.
In tonnes  Quality  2019  2020  2021  2021 in %            
Paper           
Office (copiers, printers) (80 g/m2 = 5 g/sheet)  Blue Angel  1 59  42  35  1 .6% 
Print media  FSC Label  1,488  1,201  2 947  2 42 .4% 
Bills and envelopes (envelopes = 6 g/per envelope)  FSC Label  3 307  232  186  8 .3% 
Phone directories  Blue Angel  1,383  1,197  1,065  47 .7% 
Total paper consumption    3,237  2,672  2,233  100 .0% 
1 95%2 Derived from experience from the previous year or on the basis of the previ-
ous year’s order volume, converted (2020).3 88% Blue Angel, 12% FSC Label
47Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environment Cables, optical fibres and telephone masts 
The laying of optical fibres in plastic pipes made of envi -
ronmentally friendly polyethylene up to the street or to 
the building enables broadband usage of the existing 
copper cables over the last few metres. Wherever possi -
ble, we replace copper cables in the distribution network 
with optical fibres. We are not installing any new large-
wire copper cables in the trunk zone.In mountain regions, the number of telephone masts is rising on the back of the network expansion. To prolong their service life, we treat them with a biological process 
that naturally combats copper-resistant rot fungi. At the 
same time, we are reducing the number of faulty masts due to regular checks. Our wooden masts also serve as 
CO
2 sinks .
in km, tonnes or number  Unit  2019  2020  2021          
Consumamble material         
Optical fibre  fkm  1 1,124,379  1,178,491  992,791 
Copper pairs  pkm  1 47,830  37,931  32,778 
Plastic pipes PE  km  359  351  364 
Copper 2 Tonnes  575  504  409 
Plastic pipes PE 2 Tonnes  322  318  315 
Telephone poles (wood)  Number of items  6,437  5,250  4,159 
1  Fibre- respectively pair km 2  Converted from plastic pipes, respectively copper pairs
Water 
We need water for the sanitary facilities in our office buildings and for cooling some data centres. In the year 
under review, the daily average water consumption in our office buildings was 23 litres per FTE. Consumption is 
measured monthly. The measurement covers more than 
half of Swisscom’s FTEs and is therefore representative. The measured amount is extrapolated to the number of 
average full-time positions.
In order to reduce water consumption in our offices, the 
water pipes in existing buildings have been retrofitted 
with flow limiters. During renovation work, advanced valves with a reduced flow rate are integrated, which 
lower the consumption of water by 90% compared with 
traditional valves. 
Our data centres generate a lot of heat and must be 
cooled in order to function properly. For this purpose, we use dry or hybrid cooling. For the latter, we prefer to use 
rainwater or, if permitted, river/lake water. We add an 
anti-freeze agent (glycol) with a low environmental impact to the heat transfer medium during the winter. At 
the data centre in Berne Wankdorf, the hybrid coolers are 
operated with water for about 15% of the total annual operating time and with air the rest of the time. The share 
of rainwater used for cooling return air is over 80%. The 
cold rooms or refrigeration appliances are supplied with cooled water as the refrigerant, which circulates in a 
closed circuit and therefore causes no consumption. 
Water consumption for cooling thus accounts for only a small proportion of our total water consumption.
Cooling systems and refrigerants 
We cool our operation buildings and mobile base sta -
tions with outside air all year round if possible so that we 
do not need cooling systems or additional coolants. In 
collaboration with an external company, we have installed a cooling module for the mobile base stations that allows a rapid and cost-effective conversion to cool -
ing with fresh air.
Data centres and very densely packed centres, where the 
high heat load and the unfavourable room situation make cooling with fresh air difficult, are cooled with coolants in 
compression cooling systems. Checks are carried out reg-
ularly to make sure that there are no refrigerant leaks in the systems. We use natural refrigerants (type HFO-
1234ze) with an extremely low global warming potential 
(GWP = 7) as standard for their conversion or expansion. The quantity of refrigerant emissions in the year under 
review was determined on the basis of the refill volume. 
The emission volume of refrigerants in the year under review was determined on the basis of the refill volume. 
This emission volume amounted to 33.1 tonnes of CO
2 
equivalent (prior year: 35.9) and had no ozone depletion potential (ODP, 0 kg R-11 equivalent).
N See www.swisscom.ch/klimabericht2021
Batteries and emergency power systems 
Our services must also be available in the event of power 
outages. To ensure this, batteries and emergency power 
systems have been installed at our telecommunications 
buildings and data centres. We regularly review the pre -
scribed safety measures in the battery rooms to prevent 
any danger to the environment through the use of bat -
teries. At the end of their service life, we dispose of or 
recycle the batteries in an environmentally friendly 
manner. The emergency power systems are only used 
during power outages and for a few hours a year during annual test runs. The necessary fuel consumption is 
included in the overall figure of our fuel consumption.
Waste 
We undertake to avoid waste and select products based 
on their life cycle. Our recycling management includes 
working with partner companies to ensure that waste is 
48Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environmentreused wherever possible. The volume of waste is on a 
downward trend, and the majority of waste is recycled. 
The waste is separated into 25 subcategories, labelled 
according to the Ordinance on Handling Waste (VeVA) 
(six-digit waste codes) and falls under the four main cat -
egories of recycling, household waste, operational 
waste disposed of in municipal solid waste incinerators, 
and special waste that is subject to inspections. The spe -
cial waste is disposed of in accordance with the legal 
provisions described on the FOEN website.If there is a maintenance agreement with authorised third parties, these dispose of the special waste. Leftover 
cables and building materials are sorted on the con -
struction site and disposed of directly. We do not record 
information on such waste. The volume of in-house 
household waste is calculated by extrapolating the 
actual figures recorded in 2021 at six major Swisscom locations throughout Switzerland. We multiply the cal -
culated average volume of 12 kg per FTE by the total number of full-time positions. For the disposal of such waste, there are contracts in place with Swiss Waste 
Exchanges and other external partners. 
In tonnes    2019  2020  2021  2021 in %            
Waste categories           
Recycling    3,008  2,059  3,185  76 .5% 
Domestic waste disposal in incineration plants    623  225  534  12 .8% 
Operational waste disposal in incineration plants    1,168  2,149  393  9 .4% 
Hazardous waste (specific treatments)    23  28  50  1 .2% 
Total waste    4,822  4,461  4,163  100.0% 
Protection of the landscape and building land 
The base and transmitter stations ensure that the whole 
of Switzerland has access to telecommunications, radio 
and TV services and form the backbone of every mobile 
network. When positioning the antennas, we focus not only on radio technology aspects, but also on their 
seamless integration into the landscape and townscape 
as well as the efficient utilisation of the building land. We make sure that as little surface area is sealed as pos -
sible. In the search for a suitable location we visit the possible sites and take into account the inventories of sensitive locations and buildings. In the year under 
review, we operated stations in the following locations: 
● Swisscom Broadcast Ltd transmitter stations:  as in 
the previous year, there were five locations of Swisscom Broadcast Ltd in Emerald areas (protected 
areas for the preservation of particularly precious habitats and species) and two on the edge of an Emer -
ald area or on the edge of moorlands (protected area of national importance). In addition, one site was 
located in moorland. When dismantling decommis -
sioned transmitter stations, we restore the ground to 
its natural state in accordance with internal guide -
lines issued by Swisscom Broadcast Ltd. In the year under review, we did not dismantle any stations and restore the ground affected to its natural state.
● Swisscom (Switzerland) Ltd base stations:  76 mobile 
radio base stations (two more than last year; equiva -
lent to 1.57% of the 76 macro-antennas) are located in the Ramsar and Emerald protection areas, water pro -
tection areas, bird sanctuaries or moorlands, two of 
which are in the Swiss National Park. Both of the new 
buildings mentioned in 2021 were built in emerald areas in Oberaargau and Monte Generoso.Biodiversity
We support partners who work to protect the soil and bio -
diversity. This support takes the form of financial assis -
tance, but also direct assistance in the shape of the per -
sonal efforts of our employees on site as part of the corporate volunteering Give & Grow programme. Due to 
Covid-19 restrictions, there were also significantly fewer 
engagements in 2021. In the year under review, our employees clocked up a total of 383 volunteer days (prior 
year: 386) for nature and landscape conservation.
Other air emissions
Besides CO2 emissions, burning fossil fuels for heating and 
transport also produces NOx and SO2. These emissions are 
determined using the relevant conversion factors and depend on the amount of vehicle fuel and heating fuel 
consumed. Our reduction target for CO
2 also applies to 
NOx and SO2, since all three gases originate from the same 
combustion processes (heating or engines). We are reduc -
ing their emissions by continually optimising heating boil -
ers and using more efficient drive motors. The emissions 
are listed in the table of environmental key figures. 
Overall assessment of 2021
Energy consumption and climate footprint
The following overview summarises our key figures for 
the year under review. They provide information on the 
status of achievement of our climate targets. Detailed 
information can be found in the 2021 Climate Report.
N See www.swisscom.ch/klimabericht2021 
49Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environmentEnergy consumption and efficiency
Our total energy consumption in Switzerland was 534 
GWh (prior year: 546 GWh). It comprises 87% electricity, 
8% heating fuels and 5% vehicle fuels. Thanks to the effi -
ciency measures implemented, energy consumption 
was reduced by 22 GWh. The cumulative efficiency gain 
since 1 January 2021 is 4.7%.
We calculate efficiency as the ratio between total energy 
used and cumulative energy saved or avoided. We 
hereby follow the definition of the Swiss Federal Office of Energy (SFOE) and the Federal Office for the Environ -
ment (FOEN) within the scope of the target agreement with the Energy Agency of the Swiss Private Sector (EnAW). 
In the year under review, we again used 100% electricity 
from renewable energies and thus met our target. 
Thanks to this use of electricity from renewable sources, 
the declining consumption of fossil fuel and offsetting for the remaining consumption, the share of renewable 
energy (electricity, biomass and district heating) was 
89.6% (prior year: 89.8%).
Greenhouse gas emissions
We maintain a greenhouse gas inventory, publish our emissions in a Climate Report according to recognised 
standards (ISO 14064 and Greenhouse Gas Protocol 
[GHG]), and have these verified externally.
Scope 1 emissions
Direct Scope 1 emissions from the combustion of fossil fuels for heating and mobility and from refrigerants 
amounted to 14,429 (prior year: 14,420) tonnes of CO
2, 
including 33 tonnes (prior year: 36 tonnes) as fugitive emissions from the loss of refrigerants.
Scope 2 emissions
Scope 2 emissions from electricity and district heating 
consumption before compensation (on-site) amounted to 45,814 tonnes of CO2. We offset this by purchasing 
certificates of origin.
Scope 3 emissions
Scope 3 emissions (all indirect CO 2 emissions including, for 
example, those emitted in the supply chains) amounted 
to 275,962 tonnes of CO2. Emissions in the supply chains 
for the categories of ‘purchased goods and services’ (cate -
gory 1), ‘capital goods’ (category 2) and ‘transport and dis -
tribution to distribution centres’ (category 4) account for 
the greatest share of our Scope 3 emissions. Fastweb 
emissions are included in category 15. The categories of 
‘processing of sold products’ (category 10), ‘downstream leased assets’ (category 13) and ‘franchises’ (category 14) 
were not relevant for us as we did not manufacture any 
products, did not maintain any distribution centres and did not operate any franchises.
CO2 savings
The change since base year 2020 is +9t CO 2eq. Scope 1, 
-1650t CO2eq. Scope 2 (before offsetting) and -19,959t 
CO2eq. Scope 3.
CO2 savings through ICT services
Our customers save CO 2 by using our offerings. These sav -
ings amounted to 892’812 tonnes of CO2 in 2021 (see ‘Cli -
mate protection solutions for our customers’). Due to the 
Covid-19 pandemic and the requirement to work from 
home, the use of ICT services for teleworking increased sharply in 2020.
Carbon footprint
Our total emissions including those in our supply chains amounted to 290,392 tonnes of CO
2 in the year under 
review. 
CO2 intensity
We have continually reduced our CO 2 intensity in recent 
years. Intensity is calculated by the EnAW on the basis of 
our consumption statistics.
50Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for the environment Environmental key figures in Switzerland
  Unit  2019  2020  2021          
Land/buildings         
Net floor space (NFS)  million m2  0 .92  0 .91  0 .88          
Paper consumption         
Total paper consumption  Tonnes  3,237  2,672  2,233          
Water/sewage         
Water consumption 1 m3  182,135  130,647  111,801          
Waste         
Total amount of waste  Tonnes  4,822  4,461  4,163          
Mobility         
Vehicles  Number  2,249  1,736  1,727 
Kilometers driven  million km  52 .5  40 .6  42 .0 
Average CO 2 emissions 2 g per km  101 .0  100 .0  100 .0 
         
Energy, electricity         
Electrical energy consumption 3, 4 Terajoule  1,763  1,725  1,674 
  GWh  490  479  465 
of which electricity for the heat pumps  GWh    1 .1  1 .4 
of which electricity for cooling (district cooling)  GWh    0 .2  0 .8          
Energy, thermal 5        
Heating oil  Terajoule  72 .1  69 .6  74 .1 
Natural gas 6 Terajoule  28 .3  28 .6  27 .7 
Biomass 7 Terajoule  1 .2  1 .1  1 .3 
District heating 8 Terajoule  35 .7  37 .9  46 .0 
Total thermal  Terajoule  137 .4  137 .2  149 .2          
Energy, fuel 9        
Petrol  Terajoule  17 .1  13 .7  13 .8 
Diesel fuel  Terajoule  108 .4  88 .6  84 .9 
Natural gas  Terajoule  0 .4  0 .3  – 
Total fuel  Terajoule  125 .9  102 .6  98 .7          
Energy, total         
Energy consumption  Terajoule  2,027  1,964  1,921 
  GWh  563  546  534 
Air emissions         
Carbon dioxide CO2-eq according to Scope 1 of the GHG Protocol 10 Tonnes  16,295  14,420  14,429 
Carbon dioxide CO 2-eq according to Scope 2 of the GHG Protocol (“market-based”) 10   –  –  – 
Carbon dioxide CO2-eq according to Scope 2 of the GHG Protocol (“location-based”) 10 Tonnes  55,702  54,001  45,814 
Carbon dioxide CO2-eq according to Scope 3 of the GHG Protocol 10   339,342  295,921  275,962 
Nitrous gases NO x 11 Tonnes  15 .0  11 .2  7 .4 
Sulphur dioxide SO2 12 Tonnes  2 .4  0 .9  0 .4          
 
1 The water consumption (with cooling water) is extrapolated on the basis of 
the average rate of 47.8 litre per FTE per day (before 2020), 24.25 (2020) resp. 
23.47 (2021).
2 Average emissions per kilometre refer to manufacturer’s indications, accord-
ing to the NEDC method.
3 Energy conversion: 1 terajoule (TJ) = 0.278 gigawatt hours (GWh).
4 Electricity 100% renewable (non-renewable part of the mix compensated with proof of origin)
5 The heating energy consumption is based on a forecast of monthly measures of the consumption of 120 buildings from 2018 (with a total area share of 43% in 2021). The delivery of heat is not included in the calculation of total 
energy consumption.
6 Biogas (~10% renewable) included
7 renewable8 District heating 100% renewable (non-renewable share of the mix compen -
sated with proof of origin)
9 The fuel consumption was adjusted from private use. The km driven, energy 
consumption and the air emissions were adjusted accordingly.
10 Scope 1: direct CO
2 emissions from fossil energy consumption and loss of 
refrigerants. Scope 2: indirect CO2 emissions from purchased energy (elec-
tricity and district heating). Swisscom publishes a complete climate report in 
accordance with ISO 14064. GHG Protocol = Greenhouse Gas Protocol
11 From Mobitool (www.mobitool.ch), car traffic, national 5–200 km, direct use, 
load factor 1.25; consumption 5.5 litres per 100 km (2018), 5.2 (2019) and 5.0 
(2020).
12 Emission factor SOx according to the final report of 24.11.2017 ““Pollut -
ant Emissions from Road Transport 1990–2050”, Infras, commissioned by FOEN, update 2010, Annex 6, p. 135, PW and fact sheet “Emissionsfaktoren 
Feuerung”, FOEN, June 2015.
 
51Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for SwitzerlandReady for Switzerland
Our reliable supply of high-performance broadband connections forms the basis for 
a digital Switzerland with innovative business segments, mobile working and a first-class entertainment proposition  . The pandemic has clearly shown the value of this 
infrastructure: in international studies on infrastructure and digitisation, Switzerland regularly ranks among the top countries  . The reasons for this are secure and high-per -
formance access to the Internet for the population as well as free access for all schools in the country  . 
Broadband coverage
Management approach
We continue to invest heavily in infrastructure to meet 
the growing broadband needs of the Swiss fixed and 
mobile network. In addition to the nationwide basic ser -
vice, we provide Switzerland with particularly powerful and fast broadband technologies. Our goal is to be the 
first telecommunications provider in Switzerland to make innovations available to our customers. Cities and 
villages, remote alpine huts and industrial buildings – in 
short, the whole of Switzerland should be able to bene -
fit from the digital world. In the most recent interna -
tional comparison of broadband coverage, Switzerland was very good. Almost the entire Swiss population already benefits from ultrafast broadband networks, as 
international studies carried out by the OECD and IHS 
(Information Handling Services) regularly show. Rural regions benefit in particular from the high level of capi -
tal expenditure, almost two thirds of which is financed by Swisscom.
The IT, Network & Infrastructure division is responsible 
for expanding our network. The approximately 3,600 employees of this division ensure that we offer our cus -
tomers an optimal mix of technologies and that they can easily make the most of their opportunities in the net -
worked world.
A network outage occurred in July 2021 that impacted 
the accessibility of emergency numbers. We have 
already learned many lessons from past outages. 
Together with the emergency call organisations, we have defined further measures to make improvements 
and will implement them in close cooperation. The 
measures introduced will further increase the robust -
ness of the technically and procedurally complex emer -
gency call systems. 
Network and infrastructure 
Bandwidth requirements in the fixed and mobile tele -
phone networks are growing all the time. We therefore invest around CHF 1.6 billion in IT and infrastructure in Switzerland every year. This is the highest investment of any provider in Switzerland.
By the end of 2021, around 90% of all homes and offices 
had a connection > 80 Mbps. By 2025, around 50 to 60% 
of all homes and offices are to be connected with a 
bandwidth of up to 10 Gbps. At the same time, we will 
continue to modernise the existing network in the com -
ing years, giving another 30 to 40% of homes and offices 
access to bandwidth of 300 to 500 Mbps. 
There is currently a great deal of uncertainty shrouding 
the continued rolling out of the fibre-optic network to 
homes and businesses (FTTH), which Swisscom is imple -
menting for the whole of Switzerland. In 2021, the Fed -
eral Administrative Court confirmed the precautionary measures taken by the Competition Commission in 
December 2020, which partly call into question Swisscom’s network architecture. Until the situation is 
clarified, Swisscom is only building network elements 
relating to the P2P (point-to-point) network element (e.g. feeder to the home) or that are being built under 
cooperations.
Our mobile network currently supplies 99% of the Swiss 
population with 4G and 3G coverage. The 5G expansion 
continues to progress and is bringing the needed addi -
tional capacity to the mobile network.
D See Annual Report page 25
Networks for advanced solutions
The expansion of the fifth generation of mobile commu -
nications (5G) will continue to shape us in the years to 
come. It will form the crucial basis for the expansion of a 
powerful Internet of Things (IoT) and make smart cities, smart farming, networked factories and smart homes 
technically possible.
In August 2021, OFCOM released the supplement to the 
enforcement aids for adaptive antennas. This means 
that these modern antennas, which are primarily uti -
lised for the 5G standard, can be used in the way the inventors had intended: to transmit specifically in the 
52Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for Switzerlanddirection of the end devices. This will reduce the expo -
sure of non-users and allow more data to be transmitted 
with the same amount of energy. These antennas there -
fore reduce non-ionising radiation from mobile commu -
nications signals (see Annual Report, page 27).
In May 2021, Successuisse published a study on mobile 
phone usage by Sotomo. The study is based on data 
from all Swisscom mobile radio cells. In the last ten 
years, data consumption has increased two hundred -
fold, while the number of devices registered on the 
network has tripled. Access to data has risen more in 
rural areas than in urban areas. The 4G technology will not be able to handle this increase over the long term. 
In the current situation and under the current permit 
regime, data columns or data congestion are pre-pro -
grammed.
Some sections of the population are still uneasy about 5G, 
often fuelled by disinformation and half-knowledge on 
the Internet. We are therefore investing more in educating 
people about the facts. The information platform ‘Chance5G’ was founded under the asut umbrella and in 
cooperation with partners. This is now supported by more 
than 100 ambassadors, 50 associations and about 300 pri -
vate supporters (see ‘Mobile telephony and society’).
Basic service provision
We are responsible for providing basic telecoms services in Switzerland, and have been mandated to do so in 
accordance with the current universal service licence. 
The purpose of the mandate is the provision of network access throughout Switzerland, primarily voice teleph -
ony and broadband Internet access. Since 2020, the guar -
anteed minimum transmission speed for a broadband Internet connection has been 10 Mbps (downloads) and 
1 Mbps (uploads). Depending on the scope of the services purchased, the price ceiling for this service (including 
fixed-line telephony) is CHF 59.25 per month. As part of basic service provision, we also maintain special services 
for persons with disabilities (see ‘Accessibility’).
A motion by the National Council’s Transport and Tele -
communications Committee (TTC), calling for an 
increase in the minimum speed to 80 Mbps within the universal service, is pending in the national parliament. 
In addition, a cantonal initiative by the canton of Ticino, 
calling for a nationwide high bandwidth network, has been placed on hold in parliament. The implementation 
of both the proposals will raise fundamental questions 
about the future structure of the universal service and the financing of network expansion in Switzerland. In 
spring 2021, the TTC therefore adopted the ‘High band -
width strategy of the Confederation’ postulate (postu -
late report 21.3461), which is intended to examine the issues in greater depth and to identify a targeted imple -
mentation of a high bandwidth infrastructure in Swit -
zerland.
In December 2021, the Federal Council opened the con -
sultation process on the amendment of the content of 
the basic service provision in the Ordinance on Telecom -
munications Services (OTS). The main element is on the 
proposed increase in the minimum bandwidth from 10 
Mbps today to a new 80 Mbps download. Swisscom will 
comment on the draft by means of a statement. Against the backdrop of the amendment of the basic service pro -
vision, the existing licence will be extended until the amended legal framework enters into force. 
In general, the topics of ‘public service’ and ‘governance’ 
in federally owned companies are currently being addressed in various political initiatives. They are also 
very relevant to Swisscom’s business activities.
  Unit  2019  2020  2021 
Emergency calls  in thousand  3,000  3,036  3,284 
Calls to the service for visually and hearing impaired  in thousand  252  286  292 
Mobile telephony and society
Management approach
Some 8.6 million Swiss citizens use 11 million mobile 
phone connections. The amount of data transmitted on 
the mobile network is growing all the time. The infra -
structure therefore has to be constantly expanded (see 
‘Network and infrastructure’). However, some sections 
of the population are voicing health concerns about the 
electromagnetic fields which carry the mobile commu -
nications. To date, there is no scientific evidence that 
mobile telephony represents a health risk. This was 
recently confirmed again by the WHO, the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection and 
the US Food and Drug Administration. Nevertheless, we take the concerns of the population 
seriously and have engaged in dialogue in relation to the controversy surrounding mobile communications and 
the environment for 20 years now. We employ experts 
from the fields of research, technology and communica -
tions so that we act as a competent, trustworthy and 
reliable player in this area of conflict. Our team of 
experts has direct access to senior management and reports to a committee of the Group Executive Board 
(including the CEO, CIO and CCO) on a monthly basis. 
The aim of our efforts is to increase acceptance of the 
mobile communications infrastructure. To this end, we 
consider it essential to impart knowledge, clarify misun -
derstandings and counteract untruths. This is done in 
personal correspondence, by telephone and often in 
53Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for Switzerlanddirect conversation with people and stakeholder groups. 
In doing so, we strive to convey specialist knowledge so 
that it is easy to understand.
We also attach great importance to promoting 
high-quality research in order to clarify outstanding 
issues relating to mobile communications, society and the environment. In particular, we support the Swiss 
Research Foundation for Electricity and Mobile Commu -
nication (FSM) based at the Federal Institute of Technol -
ogy in Zurich (ETH Zurich)
. 
N See www.swisscom.ch/radiation
Electromagnetic fields
As a responsible player, we have a fundamental interest 
in operating a technology that harms neither people nor 
the environment. When operating the mobile communi -
cations installations, we comply with the national envi -
ronmental requirements and the cantonal and commu -
nal building laws at all times and in every respect. We 
also want to actively communicate the technical and scientific aspects of mobile communications and the 
environment. So we are pursuing the goal of expanding 
the mobile network in line with the needs of our cus -
tomers, driving research forward and maintaining dia -
logue with stakeholders. 
The electromagnetic fields of antennas have been the sub -
ject of scientific research for over 30 years. So far, no nega -
tive effects on organisms have been demonstrated. Most 
scientists therefore consider such concerns unfounded. 
However, there are still open questions, and we are sup -
porting the research that seeks to answer them. 
The Sustainability, Public Affairs, Technical and Scientific 
Governance, and ONIR Governance (Governance of the Ordinance on Non-Ionising Radiation) areas are respon -
sible for the issue of mobile communications and the environment. In addition, an interdisciplinary team coor -
dinates the measures. But there is also a constructive 
dialogue on this issue with competitors and the industry 
association asut.
Advice and information on wireless technologies
Local construction projects or articles in the media often lead to questions and demands on us. Open and honest 
dialogue with our stakeholders is important to us. This is 
why nine trained Swisscom employees dedicate them -
selves exclusively to these issues. In the year under 
review, we held around 500 discussions (prior year: 106) 
and conducted correspondence and telephone calls 115 times (prior year: 181) on the subjects of mobile commu -
nications and the environment and presented our posi -
tion at public information events. The marked increase in the number of direct calls was due to the fact that mobile 
communications is now a fixed item on the agenda dur -
ing all municipality accounting visits. We have found 
from these discussions that the controversy surrounding 
the roll-out of 5G has become more objective.We maintain a regular exchange with environmental agencies to ensure that we fulfil the environmental 
requirements for mobile communications correctly at all times and to share knowledge. Two experts deal with 
electrosensitive persons who feel unwell as a result of 
immissions from mobile communications installations or other transmitters used by us. Four communications 
experts prepare information on mobile communications 
and the environment for online and print media.
Research and development
We cooperate with internal and external experts who ana -
lyse studies and support relevant scientific work in order to 
investigate electromagnetic fields. We collaborate with 
and financially support the Swiss Research Foundation for Electricity and Mobile Communication (FSM) based at the 
Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich (ETH Zurich). The 
FSM continually monitors, interprets and comments on the latest research on the effects of electromagnetic fields on 
organisms and the measurement of immissions. 
ONIR limits
In Switzerland, the legal obligation to limit emissions 
from mobile communication installations is set out in 
the Ordinance on Non-Ionising Radiation (ONIR). In the 
year under review, we again met all federal legal require -
ments and transferred the transmission data from all 
mobile radio installations to a central database. The 
municipal and cantonal enforcement authorities have protected access to this database and can check compli -
ance with ONIR limits independently and on the basis of random samples at any time. We are required to operate a quality assurance system (QAS) for our mobile base sta -
tions. Our QAS is certified in accordance with ISO stand -
ard 33002:2015. A monitoring audit of the QAS in accord -
ance with ISO 33002:2015 was conducted at the start of 
November 2021 by an external auditor mandated by 
Société Générale de Surveillance (SGS). We passed the review with our targeted capability rating of three out of 
a maximum of five. 
The Federal Office of Communications (OFCOM) also val -
idated a software-based security system for the new 
adaptive antennas. This ensures that the strict installa -
tion limit values are always complied with when aver -
aged over a period of six minutes. 
For places where people spend longer periods of time, the 
Ordinance on Non-Ionising Radiation (ONIR) sets limits 
that are ten times stricter than those recommended by the WHO for prevention. These installation limit values there -
fore represent a precautionary measure. However, the Fed -
eral Council wants to stick to these limits. The enforcement regulations for these limits represent a further tightening. 
The mobile communications industry and some politicians 
are pushing for certain practical reliefs here so that the mobile communications network can be expanded in line 
with usage, without the need to construct thousands of 
new mobile communication antennas.
54Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for SwitzerlandInformation about radiation values of devices
Interested parties can find information on the levels of 
radiation emitted by available mobile handsets (SAR val -
ues) at our points of sale and on the website. There is no legal obligation to provide this information. With this information, we are instead responding to the needs of 
a rather small segment of our shop customers (approx. 
2%). All mobile telephones that we offer comply with the limit of 2 W/kg, in line with the WHO recommendations. 
At the end of 2021, we offered 38 different smartphones. 
18% are below 0.8 W/kg (prior year: 35%), 14% are even below 0.6 W/kg (prior year: 23%). The average SAR value 
of this year’s device portfolio is higher than last year’s as 
the issue is marginal for manufacturers. In addition, a low SAR value is not a blanket guarantee of low immis -
sions. It is more effective to make phone calls with a good connection and to use headsets for long conversa -
tions in order to protect yourself against mobile phone 
immissions as a precaution. However, we also provide 
information about the immissions of mobile communi -
cation antennas: the calculated field intensities of 
Swisscom locations can be accessed online for almost 
any residential address in Switzerland.
N See www.swisscom.ch/fieldstrength
Current challenges
Due to the strict legal limits and additional restrictions on execution, the modernisation of mobile communica -
tions systems cannot be rolled out as quickly as planned: the majority of the current sites have already exhausted the approved power reserves. This calls for a large num -
ber of new antenna systems. The decommissioning of the second generation of mobile communications (2G) at the end of 2020 has brought virtually no relief in 
terms of power reserves on existing mobile communica -
tions installations.
We are therefore advocating a modest amendment of the 
ONIR and its enforcement provisions. Only in this way can Switzerland continue to take full advantage of the oppor -
tunities from mobile communications. The experts of DETEC’s Mobile Radio and Radiation working group have elaborated measures that meet the needs of mobile net -
work operators and our customers as well as take account of the precautionary principle required by the Environ -
mental Protection Act (see ‘Electromagnetic fields’).
Data protection
We attach great importance to the legally compliant and responsible processing of personal data. Our central 
data governance unit monitors and manages data pro -
tection within Swisscom and works closely with all rele -
vant business divisions and other staff units. It is extremely important for us to support this unit by devel -
oping and expanding appropriate technical systems. In the year under review, we pressed ahead with the implementation of the new Swiss Data Protection Act 
(DPA) by analysing the legal requirements and their implications. It is being carried out in a cross-organisa -
tional programme involving all relevant functions. In addition, new directives and information sheets were issued for specific types of data processing. 
In 2021, we were also heavily involved in the develop -
ment of privacy icons. These graphical representations 
show data subjects quickly and easily which of his or her 
data is being processed and how. The icons are made available to the public through the Privacy Icons associa -
tion and can be used free of charge by data processors. We are a member of the association and are represented on the board.
Our Data Ethics Board reviewed several use cases in the 
year under review to check for compliance with data ethics 
principles. The data ethics framework has proven its worth 
and will be continued next year (see ‘Business ethics’).
N See www.swisscom.ch/data-protection
Responsibility towards society
Our history is closely tied to Switzerland and the people of this country. Our commitment therefore goes back a 
long way. 
We share our expertise at a European, national and 
regional level and, on our own or in partnership with 
others, we support activities that contribute to social cohesion, the digitisation of society and the common 
good. There are three areas in which we focus our activ -
ities: the fostering of technical, cultural and political 
relationships, projects carried out as part of our corpo -
rate responsibility, and support for national and regional events, mainly in culture and sport.
Memberships and partnerships 
We work with various partners at national and interna -
tional level on a project-specific basis in order to further 
develop our strategic priorities. In choosing our partner -
ships and memberships, we attempt to ensure that the 
relevant institutions ideally complement our company 
in terms of their professional competence and thus 
make an important contribution to the achievement of our strategy. They must also share our values and have 
an excellent reputation and a high level of credibility in 
their area of activity.
N See www.swisscom.ch/cr-partnerships
Our sponsoring activities are spread across all regions of Switzerland and aimed at a wide range of stakeholder 
groups.
N See www.swisscom.ch/sponsoring 
55Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for SwitzerlandActor in public debates
In the representation of our interests, we follow a solu -
tion-oriented approach, both for the common good and 
in the interests of our company. We are committed to 
maintaining transparent and trusting relationships with politicians, public authorities and the community. We 
participate in public hearings and events and play our 
part in the political process by issuing written state -
ments. In line with our own anti-corruption directive 
and based on the relevant ethical codes (the Code of Lis -
bon and the Code of Professional Conduct of the Swiss 
Society of Public Affairs, SSPA), we reject unlawful or 
ethically questionable practices aimed at exerting influ -
ence on opinion leaders and decision-makers. Moreover, 
we are a non-denominational and politically neutral 
organisation and we do not support any parties finan -
cially. An internal ethics board assesses planned projects 
and services for compatibility with ethical principles (see 
‘Corporate ethics’). 
We maintain contact with the European Telecommuni -
cations Network Operators’ Association (ETNO), national 
politicians, authorities and associations in all regions of Switzerland. First and foremost, we provide information 
on infrastructure and security issues, on the necessary 
framework conditions in line with our corporate strategy and on our engagements. 
As a responsible corporate citizen, we contribute both 
with planned projects and services as well as profession -
ally to public discussions on the following issues:
● Education policy: we support ICT training places and the ‘digitalswitzerland’ initiative, which hosted Digi -
tal Days 2021 among other things, we promote Swit -
zerland as an ICT location, we support schools in the area of youth media protection and we are continu -
ing to develop the ‘Internet for Schools’ project (see ‘Training support and other measures’ et seq.).
● Digitisation:  through the switch to All IP, we have put 
in place the technical requirements for digitising 
communication and ensuring the competitiveness of 
Swiss business (see ‘Broadband coverage’).
● Mobile expansion:  by continuously modernising and 
expanding the infrastructure, we are able to meet the 
demand for high-performance networks. by obtain -
ing the licences to build the fifth generation of mobile 
communications, we are assuming the obligation to 
expand the 5G network in Switzerland as rapidly and 
broadly as possible (see ‘Networks for advanced solu -
tions’).
● Broadband expansion:  the majority of the Swiss pop -
ulation should have access to greater bandwidths in 
the fixed network by the end of 2021. We are thus 
laying a solid foundation for digitising and strength -
ening Switzerland as a place to do business (see 
‘Broadband coverage’).
● Basic service provision:  ComCom has awarded 
Swisscom the current universal service licence until 31 December 2022. On 10 December 2021, the Fed -eral Council decided to amend the general structure of the basic service provision. ComCom will therefore 
probably extend the current licence by one year until the new legal framework is in place (see ‘Basic service 
and nationwide provision’).
● Customer friendliness:  we are continually improving 
our customer information systems, for example with services such as Swisscom Cockpit for customers 
abroad.
N See www.swisscom.ch/cockpit
During the year under review, as in the previous financial year, we submitted statements as part of numerous con -
sultations at federal level. In the context of the current political deliberations, the implementation of the parlia -
mentary initiative to introduce a wage cap for executives 
of companies with close ties to the federal government 
and the ‘High bandwidth strategy of the Confederation’ postulate are of particular importance to us. Further -
more, consultations were opened at the end of 2021 on the revision of the Federal Cartel Act (FCA), the Ordinance on Telecommunications Services (OTS) concerning the 
enhancement of the security of telecommunications 
networks, and the aforementioned amendment of the basic service provision, on which we will have our say.
Unresolved regulatory issues
The following additional business relating to Swisscom is currently being discussed in Parliament: 
The Swiss electorate rejected the eID bill at the ballot 
box in March. But politicians recognise the need for a 
digital identity and new initiatives are calling for the 
Federal Department of Justice and Police (FDJP) to draw up a new bill. In parallel, the responsible department 
and the Federal Chancellery carried out a public consul -
tation on this matter. In December 2021, the Federal 
Council discussed the general structure of the future eID 
and decided to submit a draft law on this for consulta -
tion by mid-2022. 
In connection with the package of measures to cushion 
the economic consequences of the spread of the corona -
virus, amendments concerning media promotion and 
support were adopted in Parliament in the area of elec -
tronic media. These are to be implemented in the exist -
ing decrees of the Radio and Television Act (RTVA) and the Postal Act (PA). In addition to the expansion of indi -
rect press promotion, support measures for online and 
electronic media are planned. We are not directly 
affected by these measures. 
The revision of the Film Act (FiG) was finished in the 
autumn session. But in October, young civic parties 
launched a referendum against the ‘Lex Netflix’, which is particularly concerned about the higher levy and possi -
ble higher costs for consumers. If the referendum is suc -
cessful, the Swiss population will then vote on the revised Film Act. 
56Sustainability Report 2021 | Ready for SwitzerlandThe revised Telecommunications Act (TCA) and its imple -
menting ordinances came into force on 1 January 2021 
and 1 July 2021 respectively. The regulations in the area 
of consumer protection (per-second billing in roaming, obligation to introduce a call filter, etc.) drew particular 
public attention. The Foundation for Consumer Protec -
tion (SKS) criticised the implementation of the new 
roaming rules and called for a minimum limit. The new 
provision allows customers to set their own limits. If they 
do not do this, telecommunications service providers (TSPs) will set a certain limit to allow telephony abroad. 
However, some FDAs have chosen different limits, the 
level of which has been repeatedly criticised by the SKS.
In the autumn session, several proposals concerning the 
business activities of federally owned companies were discussed. There have been repeated calls for legislative 
action to curb (possible) distortions of competition by 
state-owned enterprises, and for the political manage -
ment and supervision of service public enterprises. The 
parliamentary initiative ‘appropriate remuneration and 
a stop to wage excesses at federal and federal-related companies’ also continued to be debated in parliament. 
The differences between the National Council and the 
Council of States have not yet been resolved and the matter will go back to the preliminary committee and 
then to the Council of States (probably in the spring ses -
sion of 2022).The expansion of the 5G mobile communications infra -
structure also led to numerous parliamentary motions and standing initiatives, three of which even called for 
moratoriums on further expansion. The standing initia -
tives calling for a moratorium were not adopted, but a 
postulate (21.3596) calling for the examination and clar -
ification of future use in the millimetre wave range was. 
In the aftermath of certain disruptions and breakdowns 
– particularly with emergency numbers – motion 21.3000 called for the introduction of technical system 
leadership in the area of emergency calls. Furthermore, 
six motions with the same wording, calling for the digiti -
sation and further development of emergency calls in 
Switzerland, were adopted by parliament. The actual 
implementation details of these issues are not yet known and are being worked on by the responsible Federal 
Office of Communications (OFCOM) and other bodies.
Among the general public and in political inquiries and 
initiatives, the security of ICT equipment has gained in 
relevance due to the trade dispute between the USA and China. We pursue a multi-vendor strategy and work 
with Huawei, among others. Swiss politicians are cur -
rently refraining from interfering in the commercial 
freedom of ICT companies. We are closely following the 
relevant developments in Switzerland and the EU. The 
digital sovereignty issue is gaining weight in the political debate, not least because of the repeated disruptions to 
the networks. 
57Sustainability Report 2021 | About this reportAbout this report
Scope of the report
Principles
The Sustainability Report relates to Swisscom Ltd and all 
subsidiaries domiciled in Switzerland which were fully 
consolidated in accordance with the International Finan -
cial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The participation in the 
Group company blue Entertainment Ltd is excluded 
because its effect is immaterial and not all of the require -
ments listed in the management approach of the IFRS 
apply to blue Entertainment Ltd. In line with GRI report -
ing requirements, acquisitions are included from 1 Janu -
ary of the year following the date of acquisition and dis -
posals up to the date of disposal. Group companies 
domiciled abroad and investments in associates and 
joint ventures are not included in the scope. Swisscom’s most important foreign holding is Fastweb in Italy. Fast -
web publishes its own sustainability report in line with GRI standards (‘Core’), which is reviewed by Bureau Veri -
tas AG, an external, independent auditor. The closely 
related foundations comPlan (pension fund) and sovis 
(social foundation) are also not included in the scope. Our Group structure is described in the ‘Group structure 
and shareholders’ section of the Annual Report 2021. A 
list of Group companies, comprising all the subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, is provided in the Notes to 
the consolidated financial statements 2021 (see Annual 
Report, page 158).
Personnel information system
The following Swiss subsidiaries were not included in the central personnel information system in the year 
under review, but in local, company-specific personnel 
information systems: Swisscom Directories Ltd, Blue Entertainment Ltd, Swisscom Digital Technology AG, 
United Security Providers AG, itnetX (Switzerland) AG, 
Innovative Web, Ajila AG, Swisscom IT Services Finance Custom Solutions Ltd, Swisscom Trust Services AG, 
AdUnit AG, JLS Digital Ltd and Global IP Action AG. The 
central personnel information system thus has a cover -
age ratio of 92% (prior year: 93%). 
Environment 
The environmental key figures (especially energy, water and waste water, emissions and waste) cover almost 
100% of our FTEs in Switzerland, with the exception of 
the Group company Blue Entertainment AG. Fastweb’s CO
2 emissions are taken into account but excluded from 
the calculation of climate targets. All buildings in Swit -
zerland that are managed by our real estate manage -
ment and the vehicle fleet managed by our mobility management are included in the reporting. As regards 
electricity generation and consumption, the data compi -
lation system also encompasses Swisscom (Switzerland) 
Ltd’s mobile base stations, proprietary production of solar energy and the transmitter stations Swisscom 
Broadcast Ltd operates in Switzerland and just across the 
Swiss borders. The consumption of our third-party ten -
ants is deducted from the total energy consumption. The 
data regarding emissions in our supply chain is based on 
a projection that takes account of 69 suppliers as well as audits carried out as part of the Joint Audit Cooperation 
(JAC). The data on which the projection is based and the 
audits account for 70% of our order volume.
Social aspects
Information on social relationships in our supply chains is based on audits carried out as part of the Joint Audit 
Cooperation (JAC) and on self-declarations and Corpo -
rate Responsibility contract annexes. The latter cover 
almost all our suppliers, with particular importance 
attributed to the situation outside OECD countries.
Reporting
Consideration of international guidelines
This Sustainability Report complies with the GRI princi -
ples on reporting. It therefore contains specific GRI standard information in addition to the general stand -
ard information. The recommendations of the SDG 
Compass for reporting on contributions to the 2030 
Agenda were again considered and implemented. We 
also took into account the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) in the areas of governance, strategy and risk 
management as well as the Science Based Target Initia -
tive (SBTi) in ‘Ready for the environment’ and in the 
2021 Climate Report. 
Dialogue with stakeholders
We involve our internal and external stakeholder groups 
in order to assess the importance of our issues and to 
determine the strategic priorities. The issues are included 
in the materiality matrix (see page 13). They form the basis for the report. Detailed information on stakeholder 
management and stakeholder dialogue is provided in the 
section ‘Stakeholder involvement’. 
We also use findings from current studies, market 
research, trend analyses and benchmark reports. 
If necessary, we work with specific stakeholder groups to develop processes and measures to address individual key 
issues and strategic priorities: for example, together with 
the Swiss Federal Office of Energy (SFOE), we provide information about our contribution to the ‘Exemplary 
Energy and Climate’ (VBE) initiative and contribute to 
media skills in collaboration with other businesses in the ICT sector and in contact with the Federal Social Insurance 
58Sustainability Report 2021 | About this reportOffice (FSIO). In addition, we work with the Energy Agency 
of the Swiss Private Sector (EnAW).
Validation and verification
The reporting process comprises the Annual Report, ‘2021 at a glance’, the Sustainability Report and the Cli -
mate Report. The Annual Report and the Sustainability Report are subject to the same internal validation stages: they are validated by the Disclosure and Review Commit -
tees and acknowledged by the Audit Committee to ensure the quality of the disclosures. The Sustainability 
Report and the Climate Report are independently veri -
fied by Société Générale de Surveillance (SGS). We also 
voluntarily chose opting-in and registered our Sustaina -
bility Report with SIX Exchange Regulation AG.
59Sustainability Report 2021 | About this report
  
GP5008 Issue 1  
 
 
 
 
SGS ASSURANCE STATEMENT  of the Swisscom AG 2021  GRI Sustainability Report  
SCOPE   
SGS was commissioned by Swisscom to conduct  an independent assurance of the GRI -based disclosure on sustainability in 2021.  Our 
limited assurance scope included the GRI disclosure obligations and figures in accordance with the GRI Index included in the 
sustainability report . The scope of the assura nce, based on the SGS Sustainability Report Assurance methodology, included all texts and 
2021  data in accompanying tables contained in  the Sustainability Report 2021  and referenced information in the Annual Report 2021 and 
on the webpage of Swisscom as quoted in the GRI index.  The assurance process did not consider any data from previous years.   
 
CONTENT  
The Board of Directors or the Managing Director and the Management of the organisation are responsible for the details provid ed in the 
sustainability report , in the annual report and on the website.  SGS was not involved in the preparation of any of the mat erial included in 
the GRI Index and acted as an independent assuror of the data and text using the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability R eporting 
Standards, Version 2016  as a standard.  The content of this Assuror’s Statement and the opinion(s) it gives is the responsibility of SGS.  
 CERTIFIER INDEPENDENCE AND COMPETENCIES  
The SGS Group is active as a globally leading company in the areas of assurance, testing, verifying and certifying in more th an 140 
countries and provides services, including the certification of management systems and services.  SGS confirms that it is independent from 
Swisscom.  It is unbiased and no conflicts of interest exist with the organisation, its subsidiaries and beneficiaries.  The assurance team 
was assembled based on knowledge, experience and qualifications for this assignment.
 
 METHODOLOGY  
The SGS Group has developed a set of protocols for the assurance of Sustainability Reports based on current best practice gui dance 
provided in the Global Reporting Initiat ive Sustainabi lity R eporting Standards, Version till 2020 . SGS has also certified the environmental 
management systems of Swisscom (Switzerland ) Ltd. , of Swisscom Broadcast Ltd. and of Cablex Ltd. in accordance with ISO 
14001:2015 . In addition , the greenhouse gas inventory of Swisscom AG was verified by SGS according to ISO 14064.  
The limited assurance comprised the evaluation of external sources, meetings with relevant employees, a verification of the 
documentation and recordings as well as the  validation of these with external institutions and/or beneficiaries, where required.  Financial 
data drawn directly from independently audited financial accounts was not  checked back to its source as part of this assurance process.
 
 OPINION  
The statements in the report refer to the system threshold disclosed (Group companies based in Switzerland).  On the basis of the above 
methodology, we did not detect any instances from which we would have to conclude that the information a nd data disclosed  by 
Swisscom Ltd.  in accordance with the GRI Index 2021 may be incorrect.  The information and data disclosed represent, to our mind, a fair 
and balanced picture of the sustainability efforts made by Swisscom in 2021 . The implementation of the GRI -relevant instructions was 
carried out at those parties involved, where Swisscom regarded them to be significant or feasible . In an internal report, we made 
recommendations in regard to the further development of the sustainability report as well as the management system
.  
We believe that the existing gaps are not significant and the sustainability report in accordance with the GRI Index meets th e requirements 
of the option “comprehens ive” of the GRI Standard ( till 2020 ). 
 
 
SIGNED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF S GS 
  
 
 Albert von Däniken , Lead Auditor  Elvira Bieri, Managing Director  
 
Zurich, 31.01. 2022   www.SGS.COM  
Assurance  Statement  
60Sustainability Report 2021 | GRI IndexGRI Index
The GRI Index provides a standardised overview of reporting which is broken down by subject.
      Reference SR = Sustainability Report,   
Indicators    Status  AR = Annual Report   
      Key: Indicator according to GRI Standards (within scope of the report)   
      Ø =not relevant ˛ = not covered o= partially covered ˇ = totally covered                  
102 General Disclosures          
Organizational profile          
102-1  Name of the organization  ˇ  AR: Notes to the consolidated financial statements: Other disclosures 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBKR00130en## 
102-2  Activities, brands, products  ˇ  AR: Brands, products and services 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00210en## 
  and services     
  
102-3  Location of headquarters  ˇ  See 102-1, CH-3048 Worblaufen 
  
102-4  Location of operations  ˇ  AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en## 
      AR: 5 .4 Group companies 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBKR00120en## 
102-5  Ownership and legal form  ˇ  AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en## 
      AR: Notes to the consolidated financial statements: Other disclosures 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBKR00130en## 
102-6  Markets served  ˇ  AR: Swiss market trends in telecoms and IT services 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00150en## 
102-7  Scale of the organization  ˇ  AR: KPIs of Swisscom Group 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00220en## 
      AR: Business overview 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00250en## 
      AR: Financial review 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00230en## 
      AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en## 
102-8  Information on employees and  ˇ  AR: Employees 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00180en##   
 other workers     
  
      SR: Total workforce in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00460en## 
      SR: Scope of the report: Personnel information system 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00810en## 
102-9  Supply Chain  ˇ  SR: Value chain, supply chain and key aspects of Corporate Responsibility 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00850en## 
      SR: Our supply chains 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00470en## 
102-10  Significant changes to the  ˇ  AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en##   
 organization and its supply chain     
  
      No significant changes in the supply chain  . 
  
102-11  Precautionary principle or approach  ˇ  AR: Health and the environment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00300en## 
      AR: Pension fund and fringe benefits 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00100en## 
      AR: Pension plans 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBKR00110en## 
      SR: The Group’s Precautionary principle 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00310en## 
      SR: comPlan pension fund 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00370en## 
      SR: Supplier risk management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00500en## 
102-12  External initiatives  ˇ  www  .swisscom  .ch/cr-partnerships 
  
102-13  Membership of associations  ˇ  SR: Memberships and Partnerships 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00770en## 
      www  .swisscom  .ch/cr-partnerships 
                 
Strategy          
102-14  Statement from senior decision maker  ˇ  AR: Shareholders’ letter 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00270en## 
      SR: Stakeholders’ letter 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00620en## 
102-15  Key impacts, risks, and opportunities  ˇ  Context: 
  
      AR: General conditions and market environment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00130en## 
      SR: Sustainable environment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00830en## 
      Risks: 
  
      AR: Risks 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00290en## 
      SR: Main risk factors in the supply chain 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00190en## 
      Chances: 
  
      AR: Brands, products and services 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00210en## 
      Goals and strategy: 
  
      AR: Strategyand environment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00110en## 
      SR: Sustainability strategy 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00120en## 
61Sustainability Report 2021 | GRI Index       Reference SR = Sustainability Report,   
Indicators    Status  AR = Annual Report   
      Key: Indicator according to GRI Standards (within scope of the report)   
      Ø =not relevant ˛ = not covered o= partially covered ˇ = totally covered                  
Ethics and integrity         
102-16 Values, principles, standards, and ˇ   
 norms of behaviour        Values and Vision:  
    www  .swisscom  .ch/vision-values-strategy  
    Link:  
    www  .swisscom  .ch/basicprinciples –  Code of Conduct  
    www  .swisscom  .ch/codeofconduct  
    AR: Compliance Management  ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en##
    SPAG:  
    SPAG: http:/ /www  .public-affairs  .ch/de/standeskommission/standesregeln  
    Codex from Lisbon:  
    https:/ /prsuisse  .ch/uploads/media/prsuisse/1105/kodex_von_lissabon_verhaltensno256 .pdf  
    SR: Corporate ethics  ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00210en##
102-17  Mechanisms for advice and concerns  ˇ  SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en##   
 about ethics     
  
      AR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00190en## 
      AR: Internal auditing 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00200en##                
Governance          
102-18  Governance structure  ˇ  SR: Corporate responsibility governance 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00290en## 
      AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en## 
      AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00120en## 
      AR: 4 .9 Internal organisation and modus  operandi 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00140en## 
      AR: 4 .11 Assignment of powers of authority 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00160en## 
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00220en## 
102-19  Delegating authority  ˇ  SR: Corporate responsibility governance 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00290en## 
      AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en## 
      AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00120en## 
      AR: 4 .9 Internal organisation and modus  operandi 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00140en## 
      AR: 4 .11 Assignment of powers of authority 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00160en## 
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00220en## 
102-20  Executive level responsibility for   ˇ  SR: Corporate responsibility governance 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00290en##   
 economic, environmental, and social topics     
  
      AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en## 
      AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00120en## 
      AR: 4 .9 Internal organisation and modus  operandi 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00140en## 
      AR: 4 .11 Assignment of powers of authority 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00160en## 
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00220en## 
102-21  Consulting stakeholders on economic,  ˇ  AR: 7 .3 Convocation of the Annual General Meeting and agenda items 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00230en##   
 environmental, and social topics     
  
      Internet contact page www  .swisscom  .ch/de/about/investoren/kontakt  .html; 
  
      See also Website https:/ /ip-ho  .computershare  .ch/swisscom  
  
      for registered shareholders of Swisscom  . 
  
102-22  Composition of the highest governance   ˇ  AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00120en##   
 body and its committees     
  
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00220en## 
102-23  Chair of the highest governance body  ˇ  AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00120en## 
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00220en## 
102-24  Nominating and selecting the highest  ˇ  AR: 4 .5 Election and term of office 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00130en##   
 governance body     
  
      AR: 4 .10 Committees of the Board of Directors: Nomination Committee 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00150en## 
102-25  Conflicts of interest  ˇ  www  .swisscom  .ch/basicprinciples – Organisational Regulations 
  
      AR: 4 .12 Information and controlling instruments of the Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00170en## 
      vis-à-vis the Group Executive Board 
  
102-26  Role of highest governance body in   ˇ  www  .swisscom  .ch/basicprinciples – Organisational Regulations 
    
 setting purpose, values, and strategy     
  
      SR: Corporate responsibility governance 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00290en## 
      AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en## 
      AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00120en## 
      AR: 4 .9 Internal organisation and modus  operandi 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00140en## 
      AR: 4 .11 Assignment of powers of authority 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00160en## 
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00220en## 
102-27  Collective knowledge of highest   ˇ  AR: 4 .9 Internal organisation and modus operandi 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00140en## 
  governance body     
  
62Sustainability Report 2021 | GRI Index      Reference SR = Sustainability Report,   
Indicators    Status  AR = Annual Report   
      Key: Indicator according to GRI Standards (within scope of the report)   
      Ø =not relevant ˛ = not covered o= partially covered ˇ = totally covered   
102-28  Evaluating the highest governance   ˇ  SR: Corporate responsibility governance 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00290en##   
 body’s performance     
  
      AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en## 
      AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00120en## 
      AR: 4 .9 Internal organisation and modus  operandi 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00140en## 
      AR: 4 .11 Assignment of powers of authority 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00160en## 
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00220en## 
      AR: 4 .12 Information and controlling instruments of the Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00170en## 
 
     vis-à-vis the Group Executive Board 
  
      Group Executive Board members were nominated as internal sponsors for the strategic priorities 
  
 
     of the sustainability strategy 
  
      The Audit Committee from the Board of Directors is validating the report in two steps 
  
      before the publication: An independent proxy is validating the Remuneration Report; 
  
      The report is released by the Board of Directors  . 
  
102-29  Identifying and managing economic,  ˇ  SR: Corporate responsibility governance 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00290en##   
 environmental, and social impacts     
  
      AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en## 
      AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00120en## 
      AR: 4 .9 Internal organisation and modus  operandi 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00140en## 
      AR: 4 .11 Assignment of powers of authority 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00160en## 
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00220en## 
      AR: 4 .12 Information and controlling instruments of the Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00170en## 
      vis-à-vis the Group Executive Board 
  
102-30  Effectiveness of risk management   ˇ   
    
 processes     
         AR: 4 .12 Information and controlling instruments of the Board of Directors visa-vis 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00170en## 
 
     the Group Executive Board 
  
      AR: Risk management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00180en## 
      AR: Internal auditing 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00200en## 
102-31  Review of economic, environmental,  ˇ   
    
 and social topics     
         AR: 4 .12 Information and controlling instruments of the Board of Directors visa-vis 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00170en## 
 
     the Group Executive Board: annually 
  
      AR: Risk management: quarterly at the Audit Committee 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00180en## 
      AR: Internal control system and financial reporting:  
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00210en## 
      quarterly at the Audit Committee 
  
      AR: Compliance management: quarterly at the Audit Committee 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
      AR: Internal auditing: quarterly at the Audit Committee 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00200en## 
      In urgent cases: contemporary 
  
102-32  Highest governance body’s role in  ˇ   
    
 sustainability reporting     
         The Audit Committee from the Board of Directors is validating the report in two steps 
  
 
     before the publication: An independent proxy is validating the Remuneration Report; 
  
 
     The report is released by the Board of Directors 
  
      SR: Corporate responsibility governance 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00290en## 
      AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en## 
      AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00120en## 
      AR: 4 .9 Internal organisation and modus  operandi 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00140en## 
      AR: 4 .11 Assignment of powers of authority 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00160en## 
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00220en## 
102-33  Communicating critical concerns  ˇ  AR: 4 .12 Information and controlling instruments of the Board of Directors vis-à-vis 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00170en## 
      the Group Executive Board 
  
      The Chairman of the Audit Committee is informed in real time  
  
      in urgent cases on new essential risk  . 
  
102-34  Nature and total number   ˛  As a basic principle of the Whistleblowing anonymity is guaranteed, for this reason, 
  
  of critical concerns    Swisscom communicates neither the number nor other details about concerns  . 
  
102-35  Remuneration policies  ˇ  AR: 3 Remuneration of the Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBVB00100en## 
102-36  Process for determining remuneration  ˇ  AR: 4 .2 Key management compensation 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBKR00140en## 
102-37  Stakeholders’ involvement   ˇ  SR: Stakeholders and strategic priorities 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00230en##   
 in remuneration     
  
      AR: 7 .3 Convocation of the Annual General Meeting and agenda items; Protocol 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00230en## 
102-38  Annual total compensation ratio  ˇ  SR: Total workforce in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00460en## 
102-39  Percentage increase in annual   ˇ  SR: Total workforce in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00460en## 
  total compensation ratio     
  
63Sustainability Report 2021 | GRI Index
       Reference SR = Sustainability Report,   
Indicators    Status  AR = Annual Report   
      Key: Indicator according to GRI Standards (within scope of the report)   
      Ø =not relevant ˛ = not covered o= partially covered ˇ = totally covered                  
Stakeholder engagement          
102-40  List of stakeholder groups  ˇ  SR: Stakeholders and strategic priorities 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00230en## 
102-41  Collective bargaining agreements  ˇ  SR: Total workforce in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00460en## 
102-42  Identifying and selecting stakeholders  ˇ  SR: Stakeholders and strategic priorities 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00230en## 
102-43  Approach to stakeholder engagement  ˇ  SR: Stakeholder involvement 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00250en## 
      SR: Stakeholders and strategic priorities 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00230en## 
      SR: Scope of the report 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00800en## 
      SR: Reporting: procedure and organisation 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00790en## 
102-44  Key topics and concerns raised  ˇ  SR: Material issues 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00240en## 
      SR: Group of stakeholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00230en##                
Reporting practice         
102-45  Entities included in the consolidated   ˇ  AR: 2 Group structure and shareholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00110en##   
 financial statements     
  
      AR: 5 .4 Group companies 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBKR00120en## 
102-46  Defining report content   ˇ  SR: Scope of the report 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00800en##   
 and topic boundaries     
  
      SR: Reporting: procedure and organisation 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00790en## 
102-47  List of material topics  ˇ  SR: Material issues 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00240en## 
      SR: Materiality matrix 2021 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00240en## 
      SR P . 61 Reporting 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00790en## 
102-48  Restatements of information  ˇ  No “Restatements” in 2021 
  
102-49  Changes in reporting  ˇ  SR: Group of stakeholders 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00250en## 
      SR: Material issues 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00240en## 
      SR: Materiality matrix 2021 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00240en## 
102-50  Reporting period  ˇ  01 .01 .2021–31 .12 .2021 
  
102-51  Date of most recent report  ˇ  www  .swisscom  .ch/report2020 
  
102-52  Reporting cycle  ˇ  annual 
  
102-53  Contact point for questions   ˇ  www  .swisscom  .ch/en/about/impressum  .html 
  
  regarding the report     
  
102-54  Claims of reporting in accordance   ˇ  SR: Scope of the report: Principles 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00790en##   
 with the GRI Standards     
  
      This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Comprehensive option  . 
  
102-55  GRI content index  ˇ  SR: GRI Index 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00870en## 
102-56  External assurance  ˇ  SR: SGS Certification 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00820en##                
200 Economic Topics         
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  AR: Shareholders’ letter 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00270en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach   ˇ  AR: Shareholders’ letter 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00270en##   
 and its components     
  
      www  .swisscom  .ch/basicprinciples – Code of conduct 
  
      AR: Corporate strategy 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00110en## 
      AR: Financial outlook 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00280en## 
103-3  Evaluation of the management approach  ˇ  AR: Shareholders’ letter 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00270en##                
201 Economic Performance         
201-1  Direct economic value generated  ˇ  AR: Statement of added value 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00260en## 
  and distributed     
  
201-2  Financial implications and other risks   ˇ  AR: Sustainability strategy 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00120en##   
 and opportunities due to climate change     
  
      Siehe 302-3, 302-4, 302-5, 305-4 und 306-5; 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00870en## 
      www  .cdp  .net 
  
201-3  Defined benefit plan obligations and  ˇ  AR: 4 .3 Post-employment benefits 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBKR00110en##   
 other retirement plans     
  
      SR: comPlan pension fund 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00370en## 
      AR: Collective employment agreement (CEA) 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00160en## 
      AR: Employees in Switzerland (100% der Mitarbeitenden); 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00170en## 
      SR: The Employee Representation Committee’s commitment to safety 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00450en## 
201-4  Financial assistance received   ˇ  As a result of the restrictions imposed by the Swiss Federal Council to contain the Covid 19  
  
  from government    pandemic, short-time compensation was requested for some of the employees  
  
      at Blue Entertainment AG (cinemas) . 
  
64Sustainability Report 2021 | GRI Index       Reference SR = Sustainability Report,   
Indicators    Status  AR = Annual Report   
      Key: Indicator according to GRI Standards (within scope of the report)   
      Ø =not relevant ˛ = not covered o= partially covered ˇ = totally covered                  
202 Market Presence          
202-1  Ratios of standard entry level wage by  ˇ  AR: Employee remuneration 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00190en##   
 gender compared to local minimum wage     
  
      SR: Total workforce in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00460en## 
202-2  Proportion of senior management   ˇ  There is no location-based staff selection  . 
  
  hired from the local community     
                 
203 Indirect Economic Impacts         
203-1  Infrastructure investments and  ˇ  AR: Capital expenditure 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00240en##   
 services supported     
  
      SR: Basic service provision 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00710en## 
      SR: Education policy 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00750en## 
203-2  Significant indirect economic impacts  ˇ  SR: Ready for Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00700en##                
204 Procurement Practices         
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: Our supply chains – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00480en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Our supply chains – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00480en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Our supply chains – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00480en## 
  approach     
  
204-1  Proportion of spending on local suppliers  ˇ  There is a location-based supplier selection for the location Switzerland . 
             
205 Anti-Corruption          
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: The Group’s precautionary principle 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00310en##   
 its boundaries     
  
      SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
  approach     
  
205-1  Operations assessed for risks related  ˇ  Risky business activities are monitored within the framework of the CMS by means of control  
  
  to corruption    processes and an IT system  . 
  
205-2  Communication and training about  ˇ   
    
 anti-corruption policies and procedures     
         The Board of Directors, Group and divisional management are informed annually about the  
  
 
     measures, developments and any necessary adjustments  . 
  
 
     Annual anti-corruption training for new employees  . 
  
 
     Contractual obligations of all suppliers and partners to comply with the anti-corruption directive  . 
  
      SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
205-3  Confirmed incidents of corruption and  ˇ  No cases of corruption were identified in the reporting year  . 
  
  actions taken     
                     
206 Anti-Competitive Behaviour         
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: The Group’s precautionary principle 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00310en##   
 its boundaries     
  
      SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
  approach     
  
206-1  Legal actions for anti-competitive   ˇ  AR: Legal environment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00100en##   
 behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly      
    
 practices     
  
      AR: Federal Cartel Act (CartA) 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00140en## 
      AR: Contingent liabilities for regulatory and competition law proceedings 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBKR00100en## 
65Sustainability Report 2021 | GRI Index
      Reference SR = Sustainability Report,   
Indicators    Status  AR = Annual Report   
      Key: Indicator according to GRI Standards (within scope of the report)   
      Ø =not relevant ˛ = not covered o= partially covered ˇ = totally covered                      
207 Tax         
207-1  Approach to tax  ˇ  Based on the guidelines determined by the Board of Directors,  
  
 
     Swisscom has has drawn up a tax concept  . 
  
207-2  Tax governance, control,   ˇ   
    
 and risk management     
         The Board of Directors determines the strategic, organisational, financial planning as well as 
  
 
     accounting related guidelines, including the tax strategy  . 
  
      AR: Corporate Governance 
  
207-3  Stakeholder engagement and   ˇ  Not a material issue for Swisscom or our stakeholders  . 
    
 management of concerns related to tax     
  
       
  
207-4  Country-by-country reporting  ˇ  AR: Income taxes 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00390en##                   
300 Environmental Topics         
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: Ready for the environment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00530en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Ready for the environment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00530en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Ready for the environment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00530en## 
  approach     
                 
301 Materials          
301-1  Materials used by weight or volume  o  SR: Use of other resources 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00610en## 
      The report only includes selected materials  . 
  
301-2  Recycled input materials used  o  SR: Recycling 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00600en## 
      Only data on selected topics are listed . 
  
301-3  Recycled products and   o  SR: Circular economy 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00180en## 
  their packaging materials    Quantities are not reported . 
  
      SR: Paper 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00590en##                
302 Energy         
302-1  Energy consumption   ˇ  SR: Energy efficiency in operations 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00560en##   
 within the organization     
  
      SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en## 
      Separate climate report Swisscom 2021 
  
      available online at the link: www  .swisscom  .ch/climatereport2021 
  
302-2  Energy consumption   ˇ  SR: Energy efficiency in operations 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00560en##   
 outside of the organization     
  
      SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en## 
      Separate climate report Swisscom 2021 
  
      available online at the link: www  .swisscom  .ch/climatereport2021 
  
302-3  Energy intensity  ˇ  SR: Energy efficiency and climate protection 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00170en## 
      SR: Energy consumption and climate footprint 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00950en## 
302-4  Reduction of energy consumption  ˇ  SR: Energy consumption and climate footprint 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00950en## 
      SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en## 
302-5  Reductions in energy requirements of  o  SR: CO2 savings due to ICT services  
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00680en## 
  products and services    There is no metric for the savings of the products sold in the reporting year  . 
  
      SR: Climate protection through customers and portfolio 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00570en## 
      SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en##                
303 Water         
303-1  Interactions with water  ˇ  SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland  ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en##   
 as a shared resource     
      SR: Water 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00650en## 
303-2  Management of water discharge-related  Ø  Not relevant, as water is only used for sanitary purpose  . 
  
  impacts     
  
303-3  Water withdrawal  Ø  Household water only  . 
  
66Sustainability Report 2021 | GRI Index      Reference SR = Sustainability Report,   
Indicators    Status  AR = Annual Report   
      Key: Indicator according to GRI Standards (within scope of the report)   
      Ø =not relevant ˛ = not covered o= partially covered ˇ = totally covered                  
304 Biodiversity         
304-1  Operational sites owned, leased,   ˇ  SR: Biodiversity 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00660en## 
  managed in, or adjacent to, protected      
  
  areas and areas of high biodiversity      
  
  value outside protected areas     
  
304-2  Significant impacts of activities,   ˇ  SR: Biodiversity 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00660en## 
  products, and services on biodiversity     
  
304-3  Habitats protected or restored  ˇ  SR: Biodiversity 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00660en## 
304-4  IUCN Red List species and national  Ø  Not collected as not relevant  . 
  
  conservation list species with habitats      
  
  in areas affected by operations     
                 
305 Emissions          
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: Energy efficiency and climate protection – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00550en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Energy efficiency and climate protection – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00550en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Energy efficiency and climate protection – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00550en## 
  approach     
  
305-1  Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions  ˇ  SR: Energy efficiency in operations 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00560en## 
      SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en## 
      Separate climate report Swisscom 2021 available online at the link:  
  
      www  .swisscom  .ch/climatereport2021 
  
305-2  Energy indirect (Scope 2)  ˇ  SR: Energy efficiency in operations 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00560en##   
 GHG emissions     
  
      SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en## 
      Separate climate report Swisscom 2021 available online at the link:  
  
      www  .swisscom  .ch/climatereport2021 
  
305-3  Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions  ˇ  SR: Energy efficiency in operations 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00560en## 
      SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en## 
      Separate climate report Swisscom 2021 available online at the link:  
  
      www  .swisscom  .ch/climatereport2021 
  
305-4  GHG emissions intensity  ˇ  SR: The most important indicators fort he achievement of Swisscom’s sustainability targets 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00280en## 
      Separate climate report Swisscom 2021 available online at the link:  
  
      www  .swisscom  .ch/climatereport2021 
  
305-5  Reduction of GHG emissions  ˇ  SR: Climate protection solutions for our customers 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00570en## 
      SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en## 
      Separate climate report Swisscom 2021 available online at the link:  
  
      www  .swisscom  .ch/climatereport2021 
  
305-6  Emissions of ozone-depleting  ˇ  SR: Cooling systems and refrigerants 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00640en## 
  substances (ODS)     
  
305-7  Nitrogen oxides (NOx),   ˇ  SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en## 
  sulphur oxides (SOx), and other      
  
  significant air emissions     
                 
306 Effluents and waste         
306-1  Water discharge by quality   ˇ  Water is only used for sanitary purposes  . 
  
  and destination     
  
306-2  Waste by type and disposal method  ˇ  SR: Recycling 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00600en## 
      SR: Waste 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00630en## 
      SR: Environmental key figures in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00690en## 
306-3  Significant spills  ˇ  No significant releases known  . 
  
306-4  Transport of hazardous waste  Ø  Not relevant  . Swisscom did not transport in 2021 waste classified under the Basle Convention  . 
  
306-5  Water bodies affected by water  Ø  Not relevant  . 
  
  discharges and/or runoff    Waste water is discharged into municipal sewage treatment plants  . 
  
67Sustainability Report 2021 | GRI Index
      Reference SR = Sustainability Report,   
Indicators    Status  AR = Annual Report   
      Key: Indicator according to GRI Standards (within scope of the report)   
      Ø =not relevant ˛ = not covered o= partially covered ˇ = totally covered                  
307 Environmental compliance         
307-1  Non-compliance with environmental   ˇ   
    
 laws and regulations     
         No fines or penalties for non-compliance were imposed in 2021 . 
  
      SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en##                
308 Supplier Environmental Assessment          
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: Our supply chains – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00480en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Our supply chains – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00480en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Our supply chains – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00480en## 
  approach     
  
308-1  New suppliers that were screened  ˇ  SR: Audits 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00510en## 
  using environmental criteria     
  
308-2  Negative environmental impacts in the  ˇ  SR: Audits 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00510en##   
 supply chain and actions taken     
  
      SR: Main risk factors in the supply chain 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00190en##                
400 Social         
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: Ready for people – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00340en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Ready for people – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00340en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Ready for people – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00340en## 
  approach     
                    
401 Employment          
401-1  New employee hires and employee   ˇ  SR: Total workforce in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00460en##   
 turnover     
  
      AR: Social plan 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00200en## 
401-2  Benefits provided to full-time employees   ˇ  AR: Employees 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00170en##   
 that are not provided to temporary or      
    
 part-time employees     
  
      SR: General terms and conditions of employment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00380en## 
       
  
401-3  Parental leave  ˇ  SR: General terms and conditions of employment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00380en## 
      SR: Combining work and home life 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00860en##                  
402 Labour/management relations          
402-1  Minimum notice periods regarding  ˇ  CEA § 3 .3 Negotiations should be engaged early enough with the contracting unions  . 
  
  operational changes     
                 
403 Occupational health and safety         
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: Occupational health and safety 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00110en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Occupational health and safety 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00110en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Occupational health and safety 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00110en## 
  approach     
  
403-1  Occupational health and   ˇ  AR: Collective employment agreement (CEA) 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00160en##   
 safety management system     
  
      AR: Employees (100% of staff) 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00170en## 
      SR: The Employee Representation Committee’s commitment to safety 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00450en## 
403-2  Hazard identification, risk assessment,  ˇ  SR: Total workforce in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00460en## 
  and incident investigation     
  
403-3  Occupational health services ˇ  Swisscom does not operate in areas or countries at high risk of communicable diseases or where  
     communicable diseases are particularly prevalent  . In response to the Covid-19-pandemic,  
     various measures were initiated to protect employees  .  
   ˇ  SR: Dealing with the Covid-19 pandemic  ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00890en##
403-4  Health and safety issues covered  ˇ  SR: Occupational health and safety 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00110en## 
  by formal agreements with      
  
  trade unions     
  
68Sustainability Report 2021 | GRI Index      Reference SR = Sustainability Report,   
Indicators    Status  AR = Annual Report   
      Key: Indicator according to GRI Standards (within scope of the report)   
      Ø =not relevant ˛ = not covered o= partially covered ˇ = totally covered                  
404 Training and education         
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: Employability – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00400en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Employability – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00400en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Employability – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00400en## 
  approach     
  
404-1  Average hours of training per year  ˇ  SR: Training and education 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00390en## 
  per employee     
  
404-2  Programs for upgrading employee skills  ˇ  SR: Training and education 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00390en## 
  and transition assistance programs     
  
404-3  Percentage of employees receiving  ˇ  SR: Evaluating performance and professional development 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00410en##   
 regular performance and     
    
 career development reviews     
  
      SR: Total workforce in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00460en## 
      AR: Collective employment agreement (CEA) 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00160en##                
405 Diversity and equal opportunity         
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: Diversity and equal opportunities – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00430en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Diversity and equal opportunities – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00430en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Diversity and equal opportunities – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00430en## 
  approach     
  
405-1  Diversity of governance bodies   ˇ  AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00120en##   
 and employees     
  
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBCG00220en## 
      SR: Total workforce in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00460en## 
405-2  Ratio of basic salary and remuneration  ˇ  AR: 4 Board of Directors 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00190en##   
 of women to men     
  
      AR: 5 Group Executive Board 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00360en## 
      SR: Total workforce in Switzerland 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00460en##                
406 Non-discrimination          
406-1  Incidents of discrimination and  ˇ  SR: Cases of discrimination and measures taken 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00420en##   
 corrective actions taken     
  
      SR: Audit results – number of issues 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00520en## 
      No incidents of discrimination were reported in the reporting year  . 
                 
407 Freedom of association and collective bargaining         
407-1  Operations and suppliers in which   ˇ  Covered mutually thanks to agreed peace obligation pursuant to CEA  . 
  
  the right to freedom of association and      
  
  collective bargaining may be at risk     
                 
408 Child labour         
408-1  Operations and suppliers at significant   ˇ  SR: Main risk factors in the supply chain 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00190en## 
  risk for incidents of child labour     
                 
409 Forced or compulsory labour         
409-1  Operations and suppliers at   ˇ  SR: Main risk factors in the supply chain 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00190en## 
  significant risk for incidents      
  
  of forced or compulsory labour     
                 
412 Human rights assessment          
412-1  Operations that have been subject to  Ø  No new company locations in 2021 . 
  
  human rights reviews or impact      
  
  assessments     
  
412-2  Employee training on human rights   ˇ  SR: Corporate ethics 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00210en## 
  policies or procedures     
  
412-3  Significant investment agreements and  ˇ  The Corporate Responsibility Contract Appendix (CRV) is part of all contracts  . 
  
  contracts that include human rights      
  
  clauses or that underwent human      
  
  rights screening     
  
69Sustainability Report 2021 | GRI Index
      Reference SR = Sustainability Report,   
Indicators    Status  AR = Annual Report   
      Key: Indicator according to GRI Standards (within scope of the report)   
      Ø =not relevant ˛ = not covered o= partially covered ˇ = totally covered                  
414 Supplier social assessment          
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: Our supply chains – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00480en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Our supply chains – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00480en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Our supply chains – Management approach 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00480en## 
  approach     
  
414-1  New suppliers that were screened using  ˇ  SR: Audits 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00510en## 
  social criteria     
  
414-2  Negative social impacts in the   ˇ  SR: Audits 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00510en##   
 supply chain and actions taken     
  
      SR: Main risk factors in the supply chain 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00190en##                
415 Public policy         
415-1  Political contributions  ˇ  SR: Responsibility towards the society 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00750en## 
      Swisscom is politically and denominationally neutral and does not financially support  
  
      any parties, opinion or decision makers  . 
                 
416 Customer health and safety         
416-1  Assessment of the health and safety   ˇ  SR: Mobile telephony and society 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00130en##   
 impacts of product and service categories     
  
      SR: Media protection for minors and promoting media skills 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00160en## 
416-2  Incidents of non-compliance   ˇ   
    
 concerning the health and safety      
    
 impacts of products and services     
         Relevant health standards for the mobile network are contained in the ICNIRP Guidelines 
  
 
     and, in particular, the ONIR . 
  
      SR: ONIR limits 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00730en## 
      Swisscom complied with the limit values in 2021 . 
  
      SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
      No violations of regulations related to health and safety impacts of products  
  
      and services identified . 
                 
417 Marketing and labelling          
417-1  Requirements for product and service  Ø  SR: Duty to provide information on products offered at points of sale 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00740en##   
 information and labelling     
  
      Not relevant for Switzerland, except with respect to Ordinance on the Disclosure of Prices  . 
  
417-2  Incidents of non-compliance   ˇ  SR: Compliance Management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en##   
 concerning product and service      
    
 information and labelling     
  
      No violations were identified in the reporting year  . 
  
       
  
417-3  Incidents of non-compliance   ˇ  SR: Responsible marketing 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00330en##   
 concerning marketing communications     
  
      No violations in connection with marketing and communication detected . 
                 
418 Customer privacy         
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: Data protection 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00760en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Data protection 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00760en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Data protection 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00760en## 
  approach     
  
418-1  Substantiated complaints concerning   ˇ  SR: Data protection 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00760en##   
 breaches of customer privacy and      
    
 losses of customer data     
  
      In the reporting year, one substantiated complaint was received from a private customer,  
  
      which was acknowledged . The corresponding processes were adjusted . 
                 
419 Socioeconomic compliance          
103-1  Explanation of the material topics and  ˇ  SR: The Group’s precautionary principle 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00310en## 
  its boundaries     
  
103-2  The management approach and its  ˇ  SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
  components     
  
103-3  Evaluation of the management   ˇ  SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en## 
  approach     
  
419-1  Non-compliance with laws and   ˇ  SR: Compliance management 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/NHB00320en##   
 regulations in the social      
    
 and economic area     
  
      AR: Legal environment 
 ##https:/ /reports  .swisscom  .ch/short/2021/en/GBLB00100en## 
       
  
70Sustainability Report 2021 | GlossaryGlossary
Technical terms
4G/LTE (Long-Term Evolution): 4G/LTE is the fourth gen -
eration of mobile technology. At present, LTE enables 
mobile broadband data speeds of up to 150 Mbps. 
4G+/LTE Advanced: 4G+/LTE enables theoretical broad -
band data speeds of up to 700 Mbps via the mobile net -
work. To do so, it bundles 4G/LTE frequencies to achieve 
the required capacity.
5G: 5G is the latest generation in mobile network tech -
nology. 5G brings with it even more capacity, very short 
response times and higher bandwidths, and supports 
the digitisation of Swiss business and industry.
All IP: All IP means that all services such as television, the 
Internet and fixed-line telephone run over the same IT network. Swisscom switched all existing communication 
networks to Internet Protocol (IP) by the end of 2019. The 
IP services within Switzerland thus operate on Swisscom’s own network, thereby enhancing security and availabil -
ity in comparison with other voice services on the World Wide Web.
Bandwidth: Bandwidth refers to the transmission capac -
ity of a medium, also known as the data transmission 
rate. The higher the bandwidth, the more information 
units (bits) can be transmitted per unit of time (second). 
It is defined in bps, kbps or Mbps.
Cloud: Cloud computing makes it possible for IT infra -
structures such as computing capacity, data storage, 
ready-to-use software and platforms to be accessed 
dynamically via the Internet as needed. The data cen -
tres, along with the resources and databases, are distrib -
uted via the cloud. The term ‘cloud’ refers to such hard -
ware which is not precisely locatable.
FTTH (Fibre to the Home): FTTH refers to the end-to-end 
connection of homes and businesses using fibre-optic 
cables instead of traditional copper cables.
FTTS (Fibre to the Street)/FTTB (Fibre to the Building)/
FTTC (Fibre to the Curb): FTTS, FTTB and FTTC in conjunc -
tion with vectoring refer to innovative, hybrid broadband 
connection technologies (optical fibre and copper). With 
these technologies, optical fibre is brought as near as pos -
sible to buildings and in the case of FTTB right to the build -
ing’s basement; the existing copper cables are used for the remaining stretch. The future technological evolution from VDSL2 to G.fast will significantly increase the band -
widths for FTTS and FTTB. Optical fibre: Optical fibre is a transport medium for optical data transmission – in contrast to copper cables, 
which transmit data through electrical signals.
ICT (Information and Communication Technology): The 
terms ‘information technology’ and ‘communication 
technology’ were first combined in the 1980s to denote the convergence of information technology (informa -
tion and data processing and the related hardware) and communication technology (technically aided commu -
nications).
IoT (Internet of Things): The connecting of things, 
devices and machines to enable recording of status and 
environmental data. These data provide the basis for 
optimising processes, such as early identification of fail -
ing machine components. IoT facilitates new business 
models based on these data or opens up new opportuni -
ties for interacting with customers.
Roaming: Roaming is when a mobile user makes calls, 
uses other mobile services or participates in data traffic 
outside his or her home network, i.e. usually abroad. This 
requires that the mobile device in question is compati -
ble with the roaming network. In Europe all GSM net -
works use the same frequency bands. Other countries such as the USA or countries in South America use a dif -
ferent frequency range. Most mobile telephones today 
are triband or quadband and support 900 MHz and 1800 
MHz networks (which are most commonly used in 
Europe) as well as 850 MHz and 1900 MHz networks.
Router: A router is a device for connecting or separating 
several computer networks. The router analyses incom -
ing data packets according to their destination address 
and either blocks them or forwards them accordingly 
(routing). Routers come in different types, ranging from large machines in a network to the small devices used by 
residential customers.
Ultra-fast broadband: Ultra-fast broadband denotes 
broadband speeds of more than 50 Mbps – on both the 
fixed-line and mobile networks.
WLAN (Wireless Local Area Network): A wireless local 
area network (WLAN) connects several computers wire -
lessly and links them to a central information system, 
printer or scanner.
 
71Sustainability Report 2021 | GlossaryOther terms
Federal Office of Communications (OFCOM): OFCOM 
deals with issues related to telecommunications and 
broadcasting (radio and television) and performs official 
and regulatory tasks in these areas. It prepares the deci -
sions of the Swiss Federal Council, the Federal Depart -
ment of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Com -
munications (DETEC) and the Federal Communications Commission (ComCom).
ComCom (Federal Communications Commission):
 Com -
Com is the decision-making authority for telecommunica -
tions. Its primary responsibilities include issuing conces -
sions for use of the radio frequency spectrum as well as 
basic service licences. It also provides access (unbundling, 
interconnection, leased lines, etc.), approves national 
numbering plans and regulates the conditions governing number portability and freedom of choice of service 
 provider.
FTE (full-time equivalent): Throughout this report, FTE is 
used to denote the number of full-time equivalent posi -
tions.
Sustainability terms
Anergy network:  Anergy networks are heating and/or 
cooling networks with which thermal energy is trans -
ported between its source (supplier) and a sink (recipient) at close to ambient temperature. Anergy networks are operated as bidirectional grids, i.e. heat is both drawn 
from the grid and fed into it by the individual buildings. 
Ideally, the two energy flows should balance each other out. Surpluses or shortfalls must be compensated for by 
adding heat to the grid or withdrawing it from the grid.
asut:  Swiss Telecommunications Association (asut). asut 
represents the telecommunications industry and all eco -
nomic branches comprised therein. The association is 
committed to ensuring optimal general conditions for 
users and providers of services and products.
Audit:  Term for a check carried out by external (or inter -
nal) experts regarding the fulfilment of requirements 
and guidelines.
CDP:  CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) is a 
non-profit organisation whose goal is for companies, 
communities and countries to disclose and publish their 
environmental data, such as climate-damaging green -
house gas emissions. Swisscom joined the CDP’s Supply 
Chain Programme in 2013 to create more transparency 
about the greenhouse gas emissions of its suppliers.
CO
2-eq: CO2 equivalents (CO2-eq) are a unit of measure -
ment for standardising the climate impact of the various 
greenhouse gases. (Source: myclimate)SIEA Code of Conduct: The Code of Conduct as drafted by the Swiss Interactive Entertainment Association SIEA to 
promote and ensure the active protection of minors in Switzerland with regard to age ratings/accessibility of 
interactive entertainment software.
N See unter www.siea.ch
CR Champions: The CR Champions are employees in the 
various business units who have been selected to imple -
ment measures and report on the progress of their implementation. They also develop further measures to achieve the objectives.
CSR: Corporate social responsibility refers to corporate 
responsibility for people, society and the environment.EcoVadis:  The EcoVadis online platform supports the 
enforcement of environmental and social standards in 
global supply chains through uniform sustainability 
rankings of suppliers. As part of its risk management system, Swisscom bases its purchasing activities on the 
declarations made with EcoVadis by its suppliers.
Electromagnetic fields:  Electromagnetic fields occur 
naturally or are generated technically. They are non-ion -
ising. This means that they do not have enough energy 
to change the building blocks of matter. Electromagnetic 
fields are divided into low frequency and high frequency 
according to the number of oscillations per second.
EnAW:  Energy Agency for Industry. Swisscom joined the 
Energy Agency in 2003 and signed a new agreement on 
objectives to increase its energy efficiency. The current 
agreement on objectives runs until 2020.
ESG:  ESG refers to the consideration of environmental, 
social and governance issues.Footprint:  The term ‘footprint’, also called carbon foot -
print or CO
2 footprint, is the result of an emission calcula -
tion or CO2 balance. It indicates the amount of green -
house gas emissions released by an activity or a product. 
In the case of products, for example, the carbon footprint 
includes the total emissions caused by production, use and disposal.
CEA:  Collective employment agreement
GeSI:  Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI). The GeSI is 
an initiative of companies from the ICT sector, whose 
aim is to promote sustainability. Swisscom works within 
the framework of the initiative to promote fair and sus -
tainable supply chains in particular.
GRI:  The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) is an organisa -
tion that develops guidelines for the preparation of cor -
porate sustainability reports in a participatory process.
72Sustainability Report 2021 | GlossaryGRI standards:  The GRI standards represent global best 
practices for public reporting on various economic, envi -
ronmental and social impacts. Sustainability reporting 
based on the standards provides information about the positive or negative contributions of an organisation to 
sustainable development. (Source: globalreporting.org)
ISO 14001:  An international environmental manage -
ment standard that sets globally recognised require -
ments for environmental management systems. 
JAC:
 Joint Audit Cooperation. The elimination of any vul -
nerabilities identified is reviewed on a regular basis to 
ensure compliance with the environmental and social 
standards we expect. Within the framework of JAC, an 
international alliance of telecommunications companies plans and conducts CSR audits of suppliers. Swisscom has 
been a member of JAC since 2012.
Circular economy:  The circular economy is characterised 
by the fact that raw materials are used efficiently and for as long as possible. If we succeed in closing material and 
product cycles, raw materials can be used again and again. (Source: FOEN)
Supplier in-phasing process: The process for adding new suppliers to the supplier portfolio according to the Sup -
ply Chain Risk Management concept.
Delivery path:  A delivery path is a part of a supply chain. 
For example, it maps the delivery of the antenna, chipset 
or memory by suppliers (sub-suppliers) to the factory for the production of a TV box.
myclimate:  The myclimate foundation supports 
Swisscom with the environmental assessment of its 
smartphone range, comparisons of sustainable ICT solu -
tions and reviews of climate balances. It is also an educa -
tional partner of the ‘Energy and Climate Pioneers’ initi -
ative.
NEDC:  New European Driving Cycle. Measurement is car -
ried out on the test bench under laboratory conditions. 
The main differences between the two test procedures (NEDC and WLTC) are different test conditions and the 
adjustment of the test cycle. WLTC is more dynamic and 
features a higher average and maximum speed and length compared to NEDC.
Net zero:  Net zero means that all greenhouse gas emis -
sions caused by humans must be removed from the 
atmosphere again through reduction measures and thus 
the climate balance is net, or zero.
NISV:  The Swiss Ordinance on Protection against 
Non-Ionising Radiation (NIRO) defines the maximum 
permissible electrical, magnetic and electromagnetic 
radiation from fixed installations in the frequency range 
from 0-300 GHz. A two-stage protection concept was applied. At all accessible places, the exposure limit value, which corresponds to the recommendations of the WHO, must be observed. In order to take account of the 
precautionary principle required by the Environmental 
Protection Act, values which are ten times stricter were set as a precautionary measure for places which are 
heavily used where people stay for long periods of time, 
based on technical feasibility and economic viability.
RE100:  The RE100 initiative brings together companies 
worldwide who want to obtain 100% of their electrical 
energy from renewable sources as soon as possible (by 
2050 at the latest). Swisscom has already achieved this 
target.
SBTi and SBT: The goal of the Science Based Target Initi -
ative (SBTi) is to encourage companies to increase their 
efforts to combat climate change by setting sci -
ence-based targets. These targets focus on the quantity of emissions that must be reduced to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement – to limit global warming to 1.5°C.
Scope 1:  Direct GHG emissions resulting from own activi -
ties (e.g. from the combustion of fossil fuels for heating 
and mobility or from refrigerants). 
Scope 2:  Indirect GHG emissions resulting from pur -
chased energy. Scope 3:  All other GHG emissions resulting from 
upstream and downstream activities (e.g. in the supply 
chain).
SPOC:  There is a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for each 
Group division in the Swisscom sustainability team. The 
SPOC is the point of contact for the divisions, especially 
the CR Champions, who in turn ensure the implementa -
tion of the CR measures.
Sponsors: Members of the Group Executive Board as 
well as the Head of Group Communications & Responsi -
bility sponsor the main elements of the sustainability 
strategy and contribute accordingly.
Radiation:  Radiation is a form of energy that propagates 
as electromagnetic waves. A distinction is made 
between ionising and non-ionising radiation. Ionising radiation can change the building blocks of matter such 
as molecules or atoms, non-ionising radiation has too 
little energy for this. Therefore, non-ionising radiation cannot change atoms or molecules. Mobile networks 
use non-ionising radiation.
Electricity mix:  The composition of electricity by type of 
energy production (e.g. hydroelectric or wind power).Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs):  The 17 Sustain -
able Development Goals and their 169 sub-goals form 
the core of the 2030 Agenda. They take into account the 
73Sustainability Report 2021 | Glossaryeconomic, social and environmental dimensions of sus -
tainable development in a balanced way and, for the 
first time, bring poverty reduction and sustainable 
development together into one agenda. (Source: DFA)
TCFD:  The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclo -
sures (TCFD) was created by the Financial Stability Board 
(FSB) in 2015 to develop recommendations on corporate 
financial transparency related to climate risks. These 
provide a framework that allows companies to correctly assess their exposure to climate risks, e.g. in order to 
implement the necessary strategies in their business 
activity.
Greenhouse gases:  Greenhouse gases, also referred to 
as ‘climate gases’. Gases such as CO
2, methane, sulphur 
hexafluoride, N2O and F-gases that cause the ‘green -
house effect’ by reflecting the sun’s rays within the 
atmosphere.
UN Global Compact:  The United Nations Global Com -
pact is the world’s largest initiative for corporate sus -
tainability. Its members work around the globe to 
uphold principles on human rights, working conditions, 
environmental protection and anti-corruption.
WLTC:  The Worldwide Harmonised Light-Duty Vehicles 
Test Procedure is a way of testing the fuel consumption 
and emissions of light motor vehicles. Measurement is carried out on the test bench under laboratory condi -
tions. The main differences between the two test proce -
dures (NEDC and WLTC) are different test conditions and with regard to the adjustment of the test cycle. WLTC is 
more dynamic and features a higher average and maxi -
mum speed and length compared to NEDC.
Work Smart Initiative: The Work Smart association was 
created from the Home Office Day foundation. Swisscom is one of the sponsors of the newly founded association 
and, together with its partners, is supporting a nation -
wide programme aimed at raising awareness of flexible 
and mobile working.