Get Started >Reporting Period: January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020
Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Contents
02 About This Report
03 From the CEO
04 2020 Highlights
05 Our Sustainability Journey
07 Our Company
 08 Tenneco Overview
 09 Tenneco Values
 10 2020 Awards and Honors
 11 Responding to COVID-19
12 Our Planet
 13 Energy and Greenhouse  
      Gas Emissions
 14 Operational Waste and Water
15 Our People
 16 Occupational Health and Safety
 17 Talent Attraction and Retention
 19 Inclusion, Diversity, and Equity
 20 Labor Relations
 21 Community Involvement22 Our Governance
 23 Corporate Governance
 24 Ethics and Compliance
 26 Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
 27 Responsible Sourcing
 28 Supplier Diversity
	 29	Conflict	Minerals
	 30	Supply	Chain	Management
31 Our Products
 32 Product Safety and Quality
	 33	Product	Efficiency
 35 Product Innovation
37 Appendix
 A Additional Performance Data
 B SASB/GRI Index
 C Stakeholder Engagement
  D Materiality Assessment
  
About This Report
We have prepared this report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Standards core option and cover metrics within the Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) Auto Parts Industry Standards. This third annual Sustainability Report 
incorporates	our	newly	defined	material	topics	and	strategy	framework,	updated	since 	
our last report published in September 2020. The report covers our performance from 
January	1	to	December	31,	2020,	unless	otherwise	stated.	We	welcome	feedback	at  
Sustainability@tenneco.com.
We	do	not	currently	seek	third-party	assurance	of	report	data;	an	Internal	Audit 	
Department (IAD) advisory assessment was conducted to review the sustainability 
report data for our SASB metrics to assess the business unit and corporate processes 
and	determine	if	the	controls	operate	at	a	level	of	precision	sufficient	to	identify 	
material errors or omissions.
The	global	COVID-19	pandemic	significantly	affected	our	operations	at	Tenneco 	
during	2020.	We	enabled	a	portion	of	employees	to	work	from	home,	and	we	paused 	
production at various facilities throughout the year. Because of these impacts, our 2020 
performance	metrics	do	not	reflect	normal	operations.
This	report	includes	forward-looking	statements.	Please	refer	to	our	Annual	Report	on 	
Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q	and	other	filings	with	the 	
U.S.	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	(SEC)	for	information	regarding	the	risks	and 	
uncertainties	that	could	cause	our	results	to	differ	materially.
Suggested Links
2020 10-K
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
 2

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
From the CEO
Welcome to Tenneco’s 2020 Corporate Sustainability Report, where we 
would	like	to	share	the	major	progress	and	increased	achievements	that	
show	how	we,	even	in	these	continued	challenging	times,	are	Making	
Tomorrow Better.   
Because	of	the	COVID-19	pandemic,	2020	was	a	difficult	year	for	almost	
everyone. Despite all the challenges we faced, Tenneco remained 
steadfast in our commitment to the safety of our global team members, 
while continuing to improve our ability to operate our business in a 
sustainable, responsible manner. 
The COVID-19 pandemic not only changed the way we do business, 
but	severely	impacted	our	team	members,	customers,	stakeholders	
and the communities around us. To support those 
affected,	our	team	members	across	the	globe	engaged	
in	many	different	activities	–	from	decorating	holiday	
trees and placing them outside a hospital to cheer 
first	responders,	to	partnering	with	local	agencies	to	
distribute	food	baskets	to	families,	to	even	supporting	
our	customers	who	shifted	manufacturing	to	make	
ventilators	and	masks	with	critical	components	—	Team	
Tenneco mobilized to help in many ways. Internally, we 
launched the Healthy Team, Healthy Tenneco initiative 
to promote healthy practices to encourage not only 
sound physical health, but also the mental well-being 
of our team members. Even now in August 2021, as 
we	are	slowly	adjusting	to	a	new	normal,	we	are	doing	
everything possible to continue our established COVID 
safety protocols to ensure that our team members 
return home at the end of the day healthy and safe. 
Beyond COVID, we saw a 19% reduction in our Incident Rate in one year, 
proving	that	our	increased	safety	programs	and	measures	are	taking	
hold.
Over the last few years, the call for urgent action with regard to climate 
change has grown louder. Tenneco is committed to help protect our 
environment	by	working	continuously	to	reduce	the	use	of	energy	
and other natural resources in our operations worldwide. In 2020, we 
reported a 4.8% reduction in energy intensity, and a 2.9% reduction 
in greenhouse gas emissions intensity versus 2019. As part of this 
commitment, in 2020, we completed a materiality assessment to 
identify our most important sustainability topics and prioritized these 
issues	based	on	internal	and	external	stakeholder	input;	developed	a	
framework	to	align	our	strategic	approach	to	sustainability	and	focus	our	
efforts	on	our	key	impacts;	and	established	new	goals	that	will	drive	our	
performance. Inclusion	and	diversity	continues	to	be	a	key	priority	for	Tenneco.	Our	
customers recognize us for our progress to maintain a diverse supply 
base,	yet	we	know	we	can,	and	should,	do	more	—	particularly	in	light	
of	the	social	justice	initiatives	we	witnessed	throughout	the	year.	In	
2020, we established Tenneco’s IDEA Board (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity 
and	Action)	to	develop	and	assist	the	company’s	efforts	to	engrain	the	
values of inclusion, diversity and equity into the fabric of our culture. In 
this report, I am proud to share the progress we have made in a short 
amount of time, ranging from hiring a new vice president to lead this 
important initiative, to celebrating diversity throughout Tenneco, to 
creating	a	new	set	of	diversity	goals	that	we	look	to	achieve	by	2030.
Good	governance,	risk	management	and	managing	
our business impact remain top priorities as 
well	because	we	know	it	is	the	right	thing	for	our	
company and our strategy. We have restructured the 
executive leadership team with additional roles and 
responsibilities	specifically	to	address	this	focus,	and	
we	look	forward	to	continuing	to	grow	in	this	area.
In summary, Sustainability is an integral part of our 
strategy and operations. We consider it part of holistic 
operating	excellence	and	our	corporate	value	to	Make	
Tomorrow Better. We are proud that many of our 
products contribute to reduced emissions and that 
we	are	providing	solutions	for	global	mobility	markets	
- today and tomorrow. And, we’ve been recognized 
for our progress in the past and are excited about 
the results that will be delivered with the increased 
focus and resources we are dedicating, ranging from 
inclusion and diversity to CO2 emissions reduction.
I	would	like	to	thank	each	of	our	global	team	members,	whose	
dedication—even	during	the	most	trying	times—drive	the	continued	
success of the company. We emerged from 2020 a stronger Tenneco, 
and	this	is	in	no	small	part	due	to	our	teams’	efforts	and	ability	to	adapt,	
collaborate and innovate.
Thank	you	for	taking	the	time	to	read	Tenneco’s	sustainability	story.		
Brian Kesseler
Tenneco CEO
“Sustainability is 
an integral part of 
our strategy and 
operations. We 
consider it part of 
holistic operating 
excellence and our 
corporate value to 
Make Tomorrow 
Better.”
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
 3

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
• We conducted a formal materiality assessment, developed a 
strategy framework, established an ESG council and set new 
goals to enhance sustainability at Tenneco ( see page 6 ).
•	Through	our	efficient	response	to	the	COVID-19	pandemic,	
we launched our Healthy Team, Healthy Tenneco program 
to foster healthy practices related to both physical and 
mental well-being. 
•	Our	annual	survey	reflected	significant	increases	in	team	
member engagement and appreciation of communication 
from leadership. 
• We launched our IDEA Board to promote inclusivity in 
our culture, engage in thoughtful dialogue, and lead our 
strategy to attract and support diverse talent.
1 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander/Asian/Hispanic 
or Latino/American Indian or Alaska Native/Black or African 
American/two or more races. 2 Intensity normalized by total revenue.
3 Performance Solutions and Clean Air business units only.4 This reflects Clean Air and Powertrain segments only.5 As of 12/31/2020. As	we	continue	to	advance	our	sustainability	efforts	and	measure	our	
improvement, we are proud to report our 2020 accomplishments and 
share	our	progress	with	our	stakeholders.	Our	2020	performance	
highlights include:2020 Highlights
2.9%
reduction in greenhouse gas emissions 
intensity (Scope 1 and 2)24.8%
reduction in energy intensity2 
3.7%
 reduction in waste intensity2,3
81%
Manufacturing sites certified to ISO 14001 
Environmental Management SystemOur Planet
16%
of U.S. team members  
are ethnically diverse1  Our People
19.4%
reduction in incident rate
48%
Manufacturing sites certified to ISO 45001 
Health & Safety Management System23%
of team members are women15
brands are 100+ years old30+
world-leading brands
41%
of revenue from products that contribute to 
fuel efficiency and/or emission reduction4 
97%
Manufacturing sites certified to 
IATF 16949 Quality Management 
System Our Products
9
independent directors  
and 1 independent chairperson5 10
Board members5 
30%
of Board members 
are women5Our Governance
10%
of Board members are  
ethnically diverse1,5
 4

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Stakeholder Engagement
We	value	regular	communication	with	our	stakeholders,	including	team	
members, customers, investors, communities, suppliers, government 
and regulatory agencies and trade associations. These dialogues help 
maintain	positive	relationships	with	stakeholders	and	provide	essential	
input into our sustainability reporting process. In 2019, we conducted 
a	cross-functional	survey	and	a	workshop	to	assess	how	we	engage	
our	stakeholders. See Appendix C  for a summary of our engagement 
activities	with	key	stakeholders,	including	the	frequency	of	our	
engagements and relevant topics. 
Materiality Assessment
In 2020, we engaged a third party to perform a materiality assessment 
to identify our most important ESG topics and prioritize these issues 
based	on	internal	and	external	stakeholder	input.	For	our	materiality	
assessment,	we	used	the	Global	Reporting	Initiative	(GRI)	definition	of	
materiality,	which	includes	topics	that	reflect	the	reporting	organization’s	
significant	economic,	environmental	and	social	impacts,	or	substantively	
influence	the	assessments	and	decisions	of	stakeholders.	As	part	of	this	
process we:
• Conducted	industry	research	and	peer	benchmarking	to	define	the	
relevant	issues;
• Interviewed	internal	and	external	stakeholders	and	performed	desktop	
research	to	understand	topics	of	significance;		
• Prioritized our topics based on the importance to Tenneco and to 
external	stakeholders;	and
• Refined	the	results	through	a	validation	workshop	with	Tenneco	
leaders. 
The results of the assessment are shown in Appendix D in alphabetical 
order.Our Sustainability Journey
Strategy Framework: The Road to Making Tomorrow Better
We	also	developed	a	framework	to	align	our	strategic	
approach	to	sustainability	and	to	focus	our	efforts	
on	our	key	impacts.	Based	on	Tenneco’s	ESG	
priorities,	we	organized	the	pillars	to	define	
our future performance and recognize 
opportunities for improvement across 
our business. Our strategy, The 
Road	to	Making	Tomorrow	Better,	
reflects	stakeholder	input,	our	
material topics and critical 
elements of our culture. We 
continue to operate with a 
foundation of responsibility 
and accountability as we 
implement our strategy 
to generate positive 
impacts related to 
People, Planet and 
Products.
People Planet
Products            Conducting our business in a
        manner that prioritizes a best-in-
       class workforce, supports local    
    communities, and fosters long-
    term business success.
     • Occupational Health
       & Safety
     • Inclusion, Diversity
        and Equity 
     • Labor Relations 
     • Talent Attraction and
        Retention Minimizing our impact on
  the planet through operational
  eco-efficiency and renewable
     energy sources.
• Energy Use
• GHG Emissions
• Operational Waste
Positively contributing to the        
environment and society through 
our products.
• Product Safety
   & Quality• Product
   Innovation
• Product
   Efficiency
 5

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Sustainability Goals
To	guide	our	strategy,	we	established	goals	that	will	drive	our	performance.	These	goals	incorporate	our	baselines	and	offer	opportunities	to	create	
measurable impacts, which we believe can be a competitive advantage.  
 
Next Steps on our Journey
To more fully embed sustainability into our culture, the next step in 
Tenneco’s	Environmental,	Social	and	Governance	(ESG)	journey	will	be	
to operationalize the ESG goals and implement systems and metrics to 
better	track	and	assess	ESG	progress.	Additionally,	we	audited	select	
metrics internally and are exploring assurance for future reports.
Moving	forward	and	building	on	this	report,	Tenneco	is	committed	to:
• Improving	our	ESG	strategy,	including	key	performance	metrics;
• Actively	sharing	best	practices	internally	and	externally;
• Exploring Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and 
other	reporting	frameworks	to	determine	how	to	drive	long-term	
stakeholder	value;
• Embracing continuous improvement and evaluating program 
effectiveness;	and
• Reporting	our	progress	against	future	goals	and	objectives.Our Sustainability Journey (continued)
Tenneco’s Sustainability Goals
Material Topic Goal
Inclusion, 
Diversity and 
Equity• Increase gender diversity to One Third females globally at manager level and above by 2030.
• Increase U.S. minority group representation to One Third at manager level and above by 2030.
Greenhouse Gas 
EmissionsReduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions intensity by 30% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.
Energy Use• Decrease operational energy demand by 10% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.
• Source 15% more renewable energy by 2030.
Operational 
WasteReduce	waste	to	landfill	by	20%	by	2030	from	a	2021	baseline.
Product Safety 
and QualityAchieve	100%	certification	with	IATF	16949,	ISO	9001	or	other	applicable	quality	management	standards	for	
manufacturing sites by end of 2025 to standardize quality governance.
Supplier 
Management• 100%	of	strategic	partners	reaffirm	their	commitment	to	the	Tenneco	Code	of	Conduct	by	end	of	2022.
• 100%	of	Tenneco’s	top	sustainability	“high-risk”	and/or	“high-impact”	suppliers	complete	a	self-assessment	
questionnaire by end of 2022.
Conflict	MineralsDevelop	a	strategy	by	2024	to	phase	out,	where	possible,	3TG	smelters	and	refiners	nonconformant	with	RMI	
in the supply chain.
 6

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
We are committed to helping our customers, team members and 
communities build a sustainable future. This focus includes a formal 
policy that outlines Tenneco’s commitment to enabling a healthier and 
more productive world, and building a sustainable future.
Sustainability is at the core of our strategy and operations and supports 
our	corporate	value	to	continually	Make	Tomorrow	Better.	We	are 	
proud	that	we	are	providing	solutions	for	global	mobility	markets	- 	
today and tomorrow. 
Skip to:
Tenneco Overview
Tenneco	Values
2020 Awards and Honors
Responding	to	COVID-19Our Company
 7

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Our Business Segments
Motorparts
• Designs, manufactures, sources, 
markets	and	distributes	a	broad	
portfolio of leading brand-name 
products in the global vehicle 
aftermarket	while	also	servicing	
the original equipment service 
(OES)	market.	
• Motorparts	products	are	
marketed	and	sold	under	
industry-leading brand names 
including	Monroe®,	Champion®,	
Öhlins®,	MOOG®,	Walker®,	
Fel-Pro®,	Wagner®,	Ferodo®,	
Rancho®,	Thrush®,	National®,	
Sealed	Power®	and	others.Performance 
Solutions 
(formerly Ride Performance)  
• Designs,	manufactures,	markets	
and distributes a variety of ride 
performance solutions and 
systems to a global OE and 
aftermarket	customer	base.
• Includes noise, vibration 
and harshness performance 
materials, advanced suspension 
technologies, ride control, 
systems	protection	and	braking. 
 
 
Clean Air 
• Designs, manufactures and 
distributes a variety of products 
and systems designed to reduce 
pollution and optimize engine 
performance, acoustic tuning 
and weight. 
• Supports light vehicle, 
commercial	truck	and	off-
highway customers.
  
Powertrain
• Designs, manufactures and 
distributes a variety of OE 
powertrain products for light 
vehicle,	commercial	truck,	
off-highway	and	industrial	
applications. 
• Supports customers for use in 
new vehicle production and OES 
parts to support their service 
and distribution channels.Tenneco Overview
Tenneco	(NYSE:	TEN)	is	one	of	the	world’s	leading	designers,	
manufacturers	and	marketers	of	automotive	products	for	original	
equipment	(OE)	and	aftermarket	customers,	with	full-year	2020	revenues	
of $15.4 billion and approximately 73,000 team members1	working	at	
more than 270 sites worldwide. Tenneco is driving advancements in 
global	mobility	by	delivering	technology	solutions	for	diversified	global	
markets,	including	light	vehicle,	commercial	truck,	off-highway,	industrial,	
motorsport	and	the	aftermarket.	Tenneco	consists	of	four	operating	
segments:	Motorparts,	Performance	Solutions,	Clean	Air	and	Powertrain.	
Today, Tenneco is a proud steward of more than 30 of the industry’s 
most	widely	known	and	respected	automotive	brands.	We’re	one	
company, made up of four diverse and complementary business groups 
–	Motorparts,	Performance	Solutions,	Clean	Air	and	Powertrain	–	 each	with	
their own rich heritage, strong identity and distinct value proposition.
We	serve	our	global	aftermarket	and	original	equipment	customers	
with design, engineering, manufacturing and distribution capabilities, 
an	advantaged	global	end-to-end	supply	chain	and	a	portfolio	of	market	
leading brands, products and technologies. 
Tenneco is primed to enter the future as a solutions provider that is 
known	for	“Driving	Advancements	in	Global	Mobility”	and	providing	
solutions	for	cleaner,	more	efficient,	comfortable	and	reliable	
performance.	We	are	also	committed	to	supporting	the	market	transition	
within the automotive industry to alternative fuels and the global 
adoption of electric vehicles.73K
team members$15.4B
in revenue
39
globally networked 
engineering and 
technical centers 33
aftermarket 
distribution centers  
and warehouses201
manufacturing sites
30+
widely known 
and respected 
automotive brandsOur Global Presence
Manufacturing
Distribution Center
1As reported in the 2020 10K.
 8

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Tenneco Values
We cultivate a winning culture based on our core values that 
guide	our	thinking,	behaviors	and	success.	By	committing	to	these	
values, we pledge to maintain accountability and preserve our 
stakeholders’	trust	as	we	drive	our	business	forward.	Our	core	
values	reflect	our	dedication	to	lead	with	Integrity	Always,	to	act	
as	One	Team,	to	produce	solutions	that	Make	Tomorrow	Better,	
and to perform with a Will to Win. Together, we create a stronger 
Tenneco through our dedication to upholding these values and 
achieving operational excellence.
Integrity Always
• Do the right thing the 
right way
• Speak up
• Own itOne Team
• Take care of each other
• Embrace	our	differences
• Succeed togetherMake Tomorrow 
Better
• Turn problems into 
solutions
• Create what’s next
• Passion to learnWill to Win
• Seek	flawless	execution
• Create customer fans
• Make	a	difference
 9

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
2020 Awards and Honors
Company
• Compliance Week Magazine	– 
Compliance	Program	of	the	YearMotorparts
• Aftermarket	Auto	Parts	Alliance	2020	
Auto Value and Bumper to Bumper 
Receiver’s Choice Award 
• Automobile	and	Parts	Most	Influential	
Aftermarket	Brand	-	Champion®	
• Carzone Customer Award for Top 
Suppliers	for	20	Years	Partnership
• Women in Auto Care Communications 
Awards for Excellence 
• Webby Award for Best Websites: Car 
Sites and Car Culture 
• PACCAR Award for Best-in-Class Quality 
and ServicePerformance Solutions
• PACCAR Global Quality Award
• PACCAR Award for Best-in-Class Quality 
and Service
• Honda Supplier Award Öhlins Racing
• General	Motors	Supplier	Quality	
Excellence AwardClean Air
• FAW-Volkswagen	Award	
• General	Motors	Supplier	Quality	
Excellence Award
• PACCAR Award for Best-in-Class Quality 
and ServicePowertrain
• General	Motors	Supplier	of	the	Year	
Award 
• Automotive	News	PACE™	Award	for	
IROX®	2	Bearing	Technology	
• General	Motors	Supplier	Quality	
Excellence Award
• Volvo	Quality	Excellence	Award	–	
Qingdao, China
• PACCAR Global Quality Award
 10

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Responding to COVID-19
At	Tenneco,	we	say	that	our	driving	force	is	our	people—a	team	of	
passionate and determined individuals dedicated to helping us deliver 
on our commitments to our customers. That determination was tested 
in	ways	we	never	expected	when	the	pandemic	hit.	By	March	2020,	our	
pledge to our team’s safety and our support for the customers that 
depend on us reached a whole new level.
Stage 1: An Unknown Virus Emerges  (December	2019)
Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, our company developed a pandemic 
response plan to help us prepare for a global health emergency. The plan 
included	detailed	strategies	for	continuity	planning,	workforce	safety	
and	customer	protection.	When	our	Tenneco	team	in	Wuhan,	China	first	
experienced the health crisis in late 2019, our teams throughout China 
quickly	escalated	our	response	to	match	the	sudden	disruption	to	our	
operations.  
Stage 2: COVID-19 spreads out of China and pandemic unfolds; public 
health measures are implemented; health systems struggle under 
pressure (March 2020)
As the virus spread globally, Tenneco’s Pandemic Response Team 
immediately issued guidance to all team members globally to address 
the wide-ranging questions that everyone had about health and hygiene, 
travel	and	remote	work.	The	Pandemic	Response	Team	held	daily	
reviews to stay on top of the ever-changing situation, established robust 
communications channels such as the COVID-19 Update Center, and 
consistently cascaded information to our teams.
For	those	working	in	plants	supporting	our	customers—part	of	the	
essential	workforce	needed	to	maintain	critical	transportation	and	
logistics	infrastructure—we	took	immediate	steps	to	limit	exposure	to	
the virus. These measures included physical barriers, social distancing 
requirements, temperature screening, rigorous sanitizing protocols, good 
hygiene practices, indoor space capacities, internal assessment tools, 
and established personal protective equipment (PPE) requirements.  
We limited travel to essential trips only and implemented strict visitor 
policies for all locations. Tenneco established best practices that were 
recognized by customers, suppliers, local governments, and industry 
associations for COVID-19 prevention and control methods.  
Tenneco provided innovative solutions to aid in the U.S. response to the 
pandemic.	We	supplied	products	used	in	GM’s	production	of	ventilators	
to address the U.S. shortage of important medical devices to help 
COVID-19 patients and developed a process for manufacturing non-
medical-grade	face	coverings	for	the	North	American	market.
We recognized that we were all in this together, and the Tenneco team 
helped to support the communities in which we operate. Our teams 
organized donations of food and sanitation supplies to help people in 
need.	We	also	helped	hospitals	and	first	responders	by	donating	PPE	to	
those on the front lines of the pandemic and oximeters to employees in 
areas where the hospitals were stressed.
Stage 3: Pandemic accelerates and impacts the entire globe  
(July 2020)
In response to acceleration of the pandemic, Tenneco launched an 
awareness campaign called Healthy Team, Healthy Tenneco focused on 
promoting	good	health	practices—inside	and	outside	the	workplace—
among Tenneco’s team members, families and communities. As part 
of the program, we shared testimonials from team members to help 
everyone understand the importance of following safety protocols. We 
provided	communication	tools	such	as	flyers,	posters	and	animated	
videos in multiple languages to support our diverse, global population.
Stage 4: Mis/dis-information complicates the multifaceted 
pandemic (November 2020)
Since mental health is as essential as physical health, the Healthy Team, 
Healthy Tenneco program also directed team members to resources for 
emotional well-being, coping with seasonal depression and helping those 
working	from	home	deal	with	work/life	balance	issues.Stage 5: Vaccine development accelerates; new variants emerge 
(December 2020)
Recognizing that business leadership will be crucial to the long-term 
recovery from the pandemic, Tenneco assembled a COVID-19 Vaccine 
Task	Force	to	advise	our	leadership	team	on	COVID-19	vaccines.	The	
mission	of	the	task	force	is	to	support	our	teams	and	their	families—
helping	in	any	way	we	can—to	get	vaccinated.	
To help team members understand the science behind the vaccines 
and	learn	about	their	safety	and	efficacy,	we	launched	Healthy	Team,	
Healthy Tenneco educational materials and a video series using content 
provided by the World Health Organization, available in multiple 
languages.	We	started	an	#IGotMyShot	campaign	to	encourage	our	
teams	to	become	immunized	once	a	vaccine	was	available	to	them;	our	
leaders	were	quick	to	demonstrate	their	confidence	in	the	vaccines.	
When and where possible, Tenneco hosted vaccination events for 
our	team	members,	many	of	whom	qualified	for	early	vaccinations	as	
essential	workers.
 11

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Minimizing our impact on the planet through 
operational	eco-efficiency	and	renewable	energy	
sources. 
Throughout our operations, we strive to protect our planet and limit 
environmental impacts as part of our commitment to responsible 
production.	We	focus	on	efficiently	managing	our	energy	consumption, 	
emissions, operational waste and water usage to reduce our 
environmental footprint.
Skip to:
Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Operational Waste and WaterOur Planet
 12

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Our environmental strategy for our facilities focuses on reducing energy 
consumption and evaluating opportunities to incorporate renewable 
energy into our operations. We recognize our responsibility to reduce our 
contribution to climate change, and we continue to assess our strategy to 
mitigate	climate-related	risks.	As	a	global	organization	with	a	significant 	
footprint,	we	will	demonstrate	leadership	and	meet	stakeholder 	
expectations	by	targeting	improvements	in	energy	efficiency	and	limiting 	
emissions at our sites.
Management Approach
Our Focus
We focus on continuous improvement across our organization to 
target new opportunities for reducing our environmental impacts 
and preventing pollution in accordance with regulations. We recently 
established new sustainability goals in 2021 to reduce our environmental 
footprint and drive our strategic impacts:
 
Teams and business units across the company collaborate to achieve 
our goals for energy management and emissions reduction. In 2019, 
Tenneco formed a cross-functional ESG Council that advises management 
periodically on progress. The ESG Council is comprised of functional 
leaders of Environment, Health & Safety, Compliance & Ethics, Human 
Resources	&	Talent	Management,	Finance,	Engineering,	Supply	Chain	and 	
Logistics. The Council leads Tenneco’s approach on energy management 
and emissions reduction. At the front line, global operation teams 
maintain responsibility for energy management activities. Our energy 
contracts,	energy	efficiency	improvement	projects,	and	collection	of 	
Scope 3 data are all managed by our real estate, facilities, and industrial 
procurement departments. Our EHS and corporate security teams 
coordinate	our	certified	management	systems,	collect	energy	usage, 	
and	track	emissions	data	to	support	reporting	efforts.	As	we	pursue	our 	
renewable energy goals, we are also upgrading our reporting systems to 
report on renewable energy programs across the company.    
Material Topic Goal
Greenhouse Gas 
EmissionsReduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG emissions intensity by 30% 
by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.
Energy Use• Decrease operational energy 
demand by 10% by 2030 from 
a 2019 baseline.
• Source 15% more renewable 
energy by 2030.Environmental and Energy  
Management Systems
To align with best practices, we manage our 
global manufacturing sites in accordance with 
the	ISO	14001	Environmental	Management 	
System standard and ISO 50001 Energy 
Management	System	standard.	These 	
frameworks	provide	guidance	to	improve	our 	
management	efforts	and	validate	our	approach 	
through	certifications.	As	of	2020,	81%	of	our 	
global	manufacturing	sites	are	certified	to	the 	
ISO	14001	Environmental	Management	System 	
standard and 16% of our global manufacturing 
sites	are	certified	to	the	ISO	50001	Energy 	
Management	System	standard.	It	is	our	long-term	vision	that	all	our 	
manufacturing	sites	would	be	certified	to	these	or	similar	external 	
standards.  
Initiatives
In	2020,	we	completed	multiple	projects	to	target	energy	efficiency 	
improvements	in	our	facilities.	We	also	adjusted	our	collective	approach 	
to	renewable	energy	by	beginning	to	implement	a	central	tracking	system 	
to collect data about our energy sources. Across our business units, we 
continue	to	update	our	processes	and	analyze	the	results	of	our	projects. 	
In 2020, various sites converted to LED lights, optimized ventilation 
systems, further implemented pre-isolating underground heat piping and 
installed new burners for furnaces. In addition, we encourage our plants 
to participate in the Energy Star Treasure Hunt , which engages team 
members	to	seek	opportunities	to	further	save	energy.ISO 14001 
Environmental 
Management 
System  
Certification
See Appendix A  for additional data.Performance
We report on our environmental performance through the CDP Climate 
Change questionnaire and measure our progress through multiple 
indicators, including our energy consumption, the percentage of energy 
from renewable sources, our reduction in energy use and our reduction 
in	greenhouse	gas	emissions	intensity	versus	a	2019	baseline.	For	more	
information, please see our  2020 CDP response .
Our	2020	metrics	reflect	continuous	improvement,	but	we	do	
acknowledge	that	2020	was	an	extraordinary	year	due	to	the	impacts	of	
the	COVID-19	pandemic.	We	will	work	to	focus	on	reductions	from	our	
2019 baseline year in alignment with our goals.
Metrics
GHG Emissions
2019 - 772.9%	Reduction	in	GHG	Emissions	Intensity	vs.	2019	Baseline
2020 - 75
GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Intensity (mt CO2e/$M Revenue)-2.9%
2019 - 8274.8%	Reduction	in	Energy	Intensity	vs.	2019	Baseline
2020 - 787Energy Use
Energy Intensity (Gigajoules/$M Revenue)-4.8%
 13

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Operational Waste
As	a	global	business,	we	have	an	extensive	footprint	and	directly	affect 	
local communities through our sites. We strive to be responsible stewards 
of our environment by reducing our resource consumption and waste 
productions.	To	mitigate	risks	of	pollution,	landfill	runoff	and	other 	
negative impacts from waste, we have established processes to target 
our	waste	generation	and	improve	our	management	efforts	across	our 	
business units.
Management Approach
Strategy
Through	our	environmental	management	system,	we	track	our	diverse 	
waste streams to identify opportunities to reduce resource consumption, 
reuse	materials	where	feasible,	and	increase	recycling	efforts.	We	recently 	
set new enterprise-wide goals in 2021 to reduce operational waste further 
and drive our strategic impacts:
We	have	engaged	in	projects	that	address	our	waste	generation	and 	
provide	tangible	benefits	for	Tenneco	in	the	form	of	cost	savings.	For 	
example, we improved our process for closing sites. Previously, we closed 
a site by scrapping the materials, but now we provide a redeployment 
asset zone to sell products for reuse and prevent waste from reaching the 
landfill.	We	also	implemented	other	initiatives	in	2020,	such	as	reusing 	
scrap and modernizing waste storage areas for aluminum chips for more 
effective	waste	management.	In	addition,	our	Clean	Air	business	unit’s 	
landfill	reduction	initiative	from	2017	to	2020	achieved	approximately	$1 	
million in savings through waste segregation and ongoing training.  
Operational Waste and Water
Material Topic Goal
Operational 
WasteReduce	waste	to	landfill	by	20%	
by 2030 from a 2021 baseline.The Road to Making Tomorrow Better: 
Waste to Recycling at Glasgow, Kentucky
In	2020,	we	improved	our	dust	recycling	efforts	at	the	Glasgow,	
Kentucky	production	site	to	reduce	our	waste	to	landfill.	Slabs	
of raw materials produced dust during the cutting and grinding 
process, which was then collected and recycled back into 
the process or sent to an external partner. This initiative has 
significantly	reduced	the	amount	of	dust	that	was	sent	to	the	
landfill.			
2018 - 6,670Waste & Recycling (tons)
2019 - 6,343
2020 - 4, 1273
2018 - 3,359Waste to Landfill
2019 - 3,030
2020 - 1,3843
2018 - 1,881Waste to Landfill as Dust (tons)
2019 - 1,676
2020 - 4553
3We acknowledge that 2020 metrics were partially impacted by a slowdown in producti on due to the COVID-19 pandemicPerformance
Metrics
Total amount of waste from manufacturing, percentage recycled 
and percentage hazardous1
12020 Data does not include Powertrain business unit. We continue to improve process es for collecting and reporting 
data94,367 Metric Tons 39. 1% Recycled 11.9% Hazardous
3.7% Reduction in Waste Intensity vs. 2019 Baseline2
2019 - 5.26
2020 - 5.07 - 3.7%
Waste Intensity (Metric Tons/$M Revenue)Water
We aim to be responsible consumers of water by considering water-
related impacts into our strategy. We recognize that access to water 
can	become	limited	in	certain	locations.	We	work	to	optimize	our	
overall	environmental	footprint	by	including	water-related	risks	in	our	
assessments	and	identification	of	improvements.	In	2019,	we	set	a	3%	
water reduction goal by 2021 from a 2018 baseline. Since 2018, we have 
achieved a 4.2% reduction in water intensity. 
In	2020,	we	continued	to	implement	ongoing	projects	that	promote	
water conservation and water treatment. These initiatives have included 
implementing	controllers	to	reduce	water	flow	during	idle	times,	
improving	processes	to	support	effective	waste	water	treatment	and	
reuse, installing hydrometers to monitor consumption, enhancing 
structures	 to	maintain	 water	quality	and	providing 	efficient	 water	faucets.
Performance
Metrics
4.2% Reduction in Water Intensity vs. 2018 Baseline  
(Megaliters/$M Revenue)
2019 - 0.521
2020 - 0.504
- 4.2%- 3.3%2018 - 0.527
See Appendix A  for additional data.Water Intensity (Megaliters/$M Revenue)
2Performance Solutions and Clean Air business units only.
 14

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Conducting our business in a manner that prioritizes 
a best-in-class workforce, supports local communities 
and fosters long-term business success.
Our team members are the source of our leadership and the driving 
force behind our innovation. Their health and safety remains our top 
priority,	and	we	recognize	the	risks	of	operating	in	manufacturing	
facilities.	We	also	strive	to	retain	the	most	skilled	talent	by	continuing	
to promote their well-being, fostering an inclusive environment and 
providing opportunities to grow and develop their careers. In 2020, 
we	enhanced	resources	for	our	workforce	during	a	difficult	year	as	we	
continued to improve our strategy and support our team members. 
Skip to:
Occupational Health and Safety
Talent Attraction and Retention
Inclusion, Diversity & Equity
Labor Relations
Community Involvement
Suggested Links:
Health & Safety Policy
Basic Working Conditions PolicyOur People
 15

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Occupational Health and Safety
The	health	and	safety	of	our	workforce	is	at	the	forefront	of	our	
business. The COVID-19 pandemic presented many challenges and 
reinforced	the	importance	of	providing	a	safe	work	environment.	We	
continuously strive to improve our health and safety strategy through 
risk	management	and	hazard	mitigation.	Our	commitment	to	the	health	
and safety of Tenneco team members applies to all our locations and 
every level of the organization.  
Management Approach
Our Standards
In alignment with our Tenneco values and our Environmental, Health 
and Safety (EHS) Policy , we commit to comply with all EHS regulations 
and requirements. Our EHS policy was updated in 2020 to emphasize 
greater alignment with our core values and will be launched across 
Tenneco in 2021. The EHS policy communicates our commitment to all 
team members and unites our focus as One Team.  
To drive our operations, our occupational health 
and safety management system aligns with 
ISO 45001 or Occupational Health and Safety 
Assessment Series (OHSAS) 18001. These 
management	systems	cover	all	workers,	including	
full-time and temporary team members, 
contractors and visitors. Our health and safety 
management systems are audited in accordance 
with the standards to verify conformance. We 
strive for 100% of our manufacturing sites to be 
certified	to	either	ISO	45001	or	OHSAS	18001,	and	
we	have	achieved	certification	for	48%	of	sites	so	
far. Conformance to these international standards 
sets the foundation for our teams to engage 
in continuous improvement, identify hazards, 
mitigate	risks,	and	implement	corrective	and	preventive	actions.				
Throughout	our	process,	we	strive	for	zero	work-related	injuries	and	
illnesses by continuously improving our approach to health and safety.  
All safety incidents are required to be reported to ensure that we review 
opportunities to improve performance and prevent incidents from 
reoccurring. We continue to proactively enhance our safety program with 
the aim to contribute to a better tomorrow.  
Hazard	Identification	and	Mitigation 	
We employ our health and safety management systems to streamline the 
process	for	risk	prevention,	data	collection,	action	planning	and	global 	
communication across the organization. We have an established hazard 
identification	process	to	evaluate	risks	that	may	arise	during	our	work 	
activities. If an incident occurs, we conduct incident investigations that 
focus on root cause analysis, corrective and preventive action plans, and 
share lessons learned and best practices across the company.    The continuous improvement of our health and safety program depends 
on our ability to operate as One Team. We consult and engage with 
our team members to improve the success of our health and safety 
program.	We	regularly	communicate	goals,	update	our	teams	on	our	key 	
performance indicators, collaborate and share observations between 
business units. In addition, our team members contribute to incident and 
near-miss reporting and investigation.  
Our	Life-Saving	Elements	program	aims	to	incorporate	a	risk-based 	
approach to reduce team member exposure to potential life-changing 
events	at	work.	Through	Life-Saving	Elements,	we	provide	operational 	
guidelines	for	risk	prevention	and	maintain	accountability	for	following 	
these procedures. Our Life-Saving Elements continue to provide the tools 
needed	for	risk	evaluation,	 training	 and	awareness	 in	support	 of	protection 	
for our team members. 
Impacts	from	COVID-19
In 2020, our planning improvements and health and safety management 
focused	mainly	on	mitigating	the	risks	associated	with	the	COVID-19 	
pandemic.	We	significantly	updated	our	emergency	plans	to	promote 	
worker	safety,	limited	exposure	risks	throughout	our	operations	and 	
introduced additional cleaning and sanitation protocols. We created the 
COVID-19 Update Center to provide team members with updates related 
to	the	pandemic,	and	also	offered	an	educational	series	about	health 	
impacts,	with	sessions	on	stress	management,	working	from	home	and 	
safely traveling for the holidays. The Road to Making Tomorrow Better: Implementing Our 
Hand Safety Program
Hand injuries remain the main type of work-related injuries in our 
operations.	We	launched	our	Hand	Safety	Program	in	2019	to	prevent 	
various types of hand injuries and have implemented it across two 
business units. This program provides locations with a six-week 
introduction	platform	for	team	members	to	assess	shop	floor 	
activities. We improved hand safety by providing a knowledgeable 
training team, engaging team members to understand the hand 
safety principles and communicating across the business to build 
confidence	and	encourage	improvement.	We	look	forward	to	the 	
continued rollout and expansion of the program.  
The	Hand	Safety	Program	reduced	recordable	hand	injuries	by	61% 	
from	2019	to	2020	for	the	Performance	Solutions	and	Motorparts 	
business	units.	Hand	injuries	also	decreased	from	54%	of	recordable 	
injuries	in	2019	to	only	account	for	42%	of	recordable	injuries	in	2020. 	
Number of hand injuries for the Performance Solutions  
and Motorparts business units
2019 - 152
2020- 59 of Our 
Manufacturing Sites 
are ISO 45001/  
OHSAS 18001  
Certified. Our goal  
is 100%To support our team members during this challenging year, we 
created Healthy Team, Healthy Tenneco. This management program 
was developed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, but we plan to 
implement the initiative as a formal, lasting program that will facilitate 
access to supportive health materials and services. During 2020, this 
program included health screenings and testing, as well as surveys about 
stress and wellness. By emphasizing the health impacts and needs of our 
team members during the pandemic, Healthy Team, Healthy Tenneco 
provided a foundation for our long-term health and wellness program that 
we	will	continue	to	build	on	as	we	work	to	foster	a	supportive	culture	for 	
our	teams.	For	more	information	about	our	efforts	during	the	pandemic, 	
see the Responding to the COVID-19 section on page 11. 
Employee Training
We actively invest in thorough safety training programs for our team 
members	to	contribute	to	a	safe	workplace,	prevent	injuries,	and	maintain 	
compliance. Across our business units, we provide new hire training, 
job-specific	task	training,	refresher	training	for	tasks	that	pose	additional 	
risk,	regulatory	required	training,	and	safety	culture	training.	We	currently 	
offer	more	than	75	courses	for	team	members	through	our	corporate 	
EHS	library	to	develop	and	enhance	their	safety	skills	and	awareness.	In 	
2020, we emphasized remote learning to train our team members while 
maintaining their safety during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
We also focus on ergonomics training for our team members. We 
continue to provide tools and training resources to assess ergonomic 
risks	and	implement	improvements	to	our	work	designs.	For	example,	we 	
train manufacturing and industrial engineers to consider the safety of the 
operator when new manufacturing processes are introduced.  
Performance
We are proud to have achieved a continued reduction in recordable 
incidents over the past three years. In 2020, our incident rate came in at 
0.54 which is an improvement from the previous year of 0.67. We had zero 
fatalities in 2020 and our lost time case incident rate remains better than 
average for our industry, compared to data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor 
Statistics.	Note	that	the	reduction	in	hours	worked	related	to	COVID-19 	
shutdowns that were mandatory or advised.
Metrics
 
 
See Appendix A  for additional data.In addition to our team members, our incident rate and lost time case rate include the available data for contractors working 
on the production floor. We plan to collect contractor data separately in the future, and we continue to improve processes 
to record company-wide data in a centralized system. For 2020, we have incorporated all sites for our Clean Air, Powertrain, 
Motorparts and Performance Solutions segments in the lost time case rate. The same scope of information is unavailable for 
prior years since we only reported a subset of data in previous reports.Incident Rate
2018 - 0.73
2019- 0.67
2020- 0.54 - 19.4%
- 26.0%
 16

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Talent Attraction and Retention
Our	global	workforce	is	our	most	important	asset	because	our	people	
drive the success of our business and continuously serve our customers. 
To further enhance the capabilities of our team members, we foster 
a	culture	that	emphasizes	skill	development	and	career	advancement	
through coaching, training and performance reviews. We also strive to 
invest in the next generation of talent and promote greater awareness 
about	the	opportunity	to	influence	innovation	at	Tenneco.	We	provide	
an opportunity for team members to actively contribute to the future of 
transportation and drive advancements in global mobility.
Management Approach
Engagement
We promote talent attraction and retention 
through a cross-functional approach that involves 
our Enterprise Talent Acquisition team, our 
Human Resources department and the leaders of 
Tenneco.	In	2020,	listening	to	feedback	became 	
increasingly important due to the pandemic, as 
we	adapted	quickly	to	support	the	health	and 	
well-being of our team members.
Our 2020 engagement survey solicited 
information about team member experiences, 
which helped us identify target areas for 
improvement	to	make	Tenneco	a	great	place	to 	
work.	Since	2018,	our	engagement	score	across 	
the	enterprise	has	significantly	increased.	As 	
we focus on future improvements, we will strive 
to celebrate the value of our team members, 
highlight the opportunities available and support their growth and 
advancement.	For	more	information	about	the	survey	results	related	to 	
living our values, see the Ethics and Compliance section on page 24.
Talent Development
We	invest	in	our	team	members’	growth	and	future	by	offering	a	wide 	
variety of training and development programs that improve their 
capabilities. We empower team members through our progressive “learn-
do-lead”	approach	to	develop	our	future	leaders.	More	than	200	Tenneco 	
team	members	serve	as	trainers,	and	we	currently	offer	over	3,500	training 	
sessions.	These	courses	include	information	on	technical	skills	as	well	as 	
content to promote inclusion, diversity & equity, improve ergonomics and 
health,	handle	transitions	at	work	and	support	well-being	through	work-life 	
balance.	Tenneco	also	offers	courses	for	supervisor	development	on	topics 	
such as personal development, change, coaching and management.  
 
Our engagement 
survey revealed 
our strengths as 
our teamwork, 
processes for 
quality and 
emphasis on 
customers.The Crew – Business 
Line Leader 
Development Program
• Designed for business line 
leaders who are leading newly 
formed business lines
• Provides education, experience 
and exposure for leaders to 
become	more	efficient	and 	
effective,	including	business 	
leaders
• Offers	highly	interactive 	
workshops	and	covers	people 	
leadership and processes, with 
topics on change management, 
talent reviews and community 
services expectations  
 
 
Value	Stream 	
Simplification	Training
• Promotes awareness about how 
we simplify our operations to 
create	superior	financial	returns 	
• Provides a deep understanding 
of what areas of the business 
drive the most value for our 
stakeholders,	and	conversely 	
what areas drive complexity and 
distractions that create waste
• Develops strategies by 
identifying	our	priority	markets 	
and customers and creating 
intense focus on delivering 
superior product solutions to 
meet their needs
• Delivers	sustainable,	profitable 	
growth by aligning our human 
and	financial	capital	on	these 	
priorities while minimizing 
complexity and waste  
Rotational  
Program  
• Identifies	high-potential,	early-
career professionals to meet the 
future leadership needs of our 
business
• Participants complete a rigorous 
assessment process, receive 
focused	skill	development 	
through classroom training and 
one-on-one mentorships and 
address business challenges 
across multiple locations and 
functions of our business  
Management 
Development Center  
• Participants complete 
predefined	assessment 	
tools, such as case studies, 
competency-based interviews, 
team collaboration exercises 
and individual exercises
• Provides	detailed	feedback 	
and encourages attendees 
to establish a personal 
development plan  
Power  
Up
• Serves as a standardized 
program for European plants
• Aims to foster entrepreneurial 
attitude, increase agility, 
enhance	ability	to	make 	
strategic decisions and create 
awareness about changing 
market	needsOur Five Core Development Programs
See Appendix A  for additional data.Performance
Metrics
2019 - 8 HoursAsia Pacific
2020- 14 Hours
2019 - 8 HoursAmericas
2020 - 13 Hours
2019 - 5 HoursEMEA
2020 - 8 HoursAverage Annual Training Hours Per Salaried Team Member
 17

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Talent Recruitment and Integration 
In addition to our global recruitment process and career postings, we 
advertise positions to over 16,500 organizations that promote diversity 
in	recruitment.	After	selecting	qualified	candidates,	we	have	a	robust 	
orientation program to on-board our new hires and welcome them to 
Tenneco. Through this program, we train team members about the 
Tenneco Vision and Values, our Code of Conduct and company policies. 
Succession Planning 
We	conduct	annual	talent	reviews	of	our	salaried	workforce	to	assess 	
development plans and identify high-potential talent for roles with greater 
responsibility.	As	part	of	these	efforts,	we	establish	succession	plans	for 	
critical leadership roles at Tenneco, and we aim to increase retention by 
developing	and	promoting	our	team	members.	Our	goal	is	to	fill	most	of 	
our	jobs	with	internal	candidates.
To maintain consistency when evaluating talent, we have established tools 
to determine potential based on modern behavioral science principles. 
We assess team member ability to learn and grow, their emotional 
intelligence and their motivation to contribute beyond their required 
responsibilities. Leaders assess frontline team members, and the reviews 
progress to higher levels, concluding with a presentation of results to 
the CEO and sharing with the 
Compensation Committee of the 
Board. By assessing the potential 
of team members and identifying 
talent gaps, we can understand 
opportunities for learning and 
development and update our 
strategy for talent acquisition and 
succession. We believe that how 
team members achieve results 
matters as much as what they 
achieve.
Performance Reviews
To provide continuous guidance and support for growth, we have a target 
to complete performance reviews with 100% of team members. Through 
these performance assessments, we enable ongoing mentoring and 
identify opportunities for career development. These reviews also allow 
us	to	establish	strategic	performance	objectives	and	continually	refine 	
our process to promote a high level of performance. Although we do not 
currently	track	performance	reviews	with	our	hourly	team	members	in 	
a	central	database,	we	are	working	to	implement	a	plan	that	will	record 	
assessments and support our goal.Talent Attraction and Retention (continued)
We believe that 
how team members 
achieve results 
matters as much as 
what they achieve.The Road to Making Tomorrow Better: 
Training Our Leaders
Our most recent initiative, The OnRamp, 
is a leadership program designed to train 
rising leaders and improve collaboration 
across the company. To foster positive, 
lasting relationships, we execute this course 
over eight weeks for a set number of hours per week. Leaders 
from	different	functions	within	Tenneco	teach	the	course,	
so participants can learn directly from leaders. This training 
is highly interactive to promote engaging opportunities for 
learning. Ethical decision-making and leadership in values and 
compliance are also core. In 2020, we piloted the program with 
47 team members virtually participating in the program and 15 
leaders directing the courses. We have started rolling out the 
program virtually in 2021 and have nearly 150 people enrolled in 
the program.
Compensation	and	Benefits
In	addition	to	fair	compensation,	we	offer	both	defined	benefit	and	defined 	
contribution retirement plans to which Tenneco contributes on behalf of 
the	plan	participants.	The	company	also	provides	severance	benefits	for 	
U.S. team members and other transition assistance programs as required 
for other countries. As part of our Annual Incentive Plan, eligible team 
members are entitled to an annual cash incentive based on the overall 
performance of the company. Team members may earn their incentives 
based on corporate performance or the performance of their business unit. 
Our	approach	to	compensation	supports	our	efforts	for	talent	attraction 	
and retention.
 18

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Inclusion, Diversity and Equity
As a global company, we recognize the diversity of the communities where 
we	operate	and	the	need	to	foster	inclusivity.	Our	geographical	markets 	
have unique requirements, and we continue to leverage the experiences 
and	insights	of	our	team	members	to	meet	these	needs	and	differentiate 	
Tenneco as an industry leader. Although we are at the beginning of our 
journey	to	formalize	our	strategic	approach	to	inclusion,	diversity	and 	
equity, we continue to leverage opportunities to enhance the diversity of 
our	workforce. 		
Management Approach
Policies
Our Valuing Global Diversity Policy demonstrates our commitment to 
promote	a	welcoming	environment	and	celebrate	the	diverse	backgrounds 	
of our team members. We have also implemented an Equal Employment 
Opportunity	Policy	and	Harassment	Free	Workplace	Policy	to	protect 	
the rights of all team members. Through our talent recruitment process, 
we advertise positions through multiple channels including over 16,500 
organizations that promote diversity in recruitment, to access a wide group 
of	qualified	applicants	who	can	support	our	growth	and	contribute	to 	
our	success.	Our	efforts	have	also	enabled	us	to	increase	the	number	of 	
women in our business.
Leadership
In 2020, we launched our IDEA (Inclusion - Diversity - Equity - Action) Board. 
The	IDEA	Board	consists	of	a	team	of	hand-picked	leaders	that	reflect	the 	
geographic, business, gender, ethnic and racial diversity of Tenneco. This 
team leads the development, implementation, management, and data-
driven goal setting for our inclusion, diversity and equity strategy. We also 
plan to launch business resource groups to empower our team members 
and integrate inclusion, diversity and equity into the very fabric of our 
culture.
To further integrate inclusion, diversity and equity, we recently welcomed 
our new Vice President of Culture, Inclusion, and Engagement. This role 
reports	to	the	Chief	Human	Resources	Officer	and	will	lead	our	efforts	to 	
attract and develop diverse talent, improve engagement, and support all 
team members throughout their careers. Additionally, the Vice President 
of	Culture,	Inclusion,	and	Engagement	will	work	with	the	IDEA	Board 	
to sponsor programs designed to embed inclusivity into our global 
operations.  
As	part	of	our	efforts,	our	Vice	President,	Human	Resources	Operations 	
serves on the Center for Automotive Diversity, Inclusion and Advancement 
(CADIA) Advisory Board to illustrate our dedication to strengthening 
diversity in the automotive industry. Tenneco was a sponsor of CADIA’s 
virtual	2020	Rev	Up	Now	event	focused	on	doubling	the	number	of	diverse 	
leaders in the automotive industry by 2030. CADIA hosts this annual 
initiative	that	features	original	equipment	manufacturers	(OEMs)	speakers, 	
interactive sessions and engaging dialogue about accelerating inclusion, 
diversity and equity in the industry.Performance
Metrics
Diversity of Governance 
and Employees1Senior 
ManagementSupervisors/
ManagersProfessionals
GenderFemale 17% 19% 26%
Male 83% 81% 74%
Age<30	Years 0% 2% 15%
30-50	Years 55% 68% 70%
>50	Years 45% 30% 15%
Other 
indicators of 
diversityU.S. Ethnic 
Diversity2 16% 18% 16%
1Data as of 12/31/2020   
2Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander/Asian/Hispanic or Latino/American India n or Alaska Native/Black or African 
American/two or more races.International Women’s Day
In 2020, we celebrated International Women’s Day (IWD) across our 
global	locations	by	thanking	our	female	team	members	for	their 	
contributions and focusing on the international #EachforEqual theme. 
This program encourages us to challenge bias, broaden our views 
and	improve	situations	for	women.	At	our	Los	Reyes	plant	in	Mexico, 	
team members attended a training session on domestic violence. Our 
Napoleon,	Ohio	plant	team	members	received	gifts	that	commemorated 	
“Rosie	the	Riveter,”	an	icon	for	breaking	down	barriers. 			
In 2021, we built upon our successful inaugural celebration of IWD in 
2020 by celebrating the global diversity of women leaders at Tenneco. 
We	adopted	a	“follow	the	sun”	approach	by	kicking	off	our	celebration	in 	
APAC,	moving	west	to	EMEA	and	then	ending	the	day	in	the	Americas.	We 	
hosted virtual panel discussions that featured female leaders, including a 
Tenneco	Board	member,	and	were	joined	by	our	Chief	Operating	Officer. 	
We also encouraged people to invite their daughters. To demonstrate 
support of IWD, thousands of employees across the globe purchased 
purple shirts or scarves or wore purple.The Road to Making Tomorrow Better: 
Increasing Female Representation
At our plant in Chakan, India, local managers recognized the lack 
of women in the automotive industry and explored opportunities 
to improve gender diversity. The facility focused on diverse 
recruiting to hire women at all levels and implemented programs 
to encourage female applicants.  Initiatives also included a 
committee to prevent sexual harassment, additional female 
washrooms, and other support to improve female talent retention 
and safety. The percentage of salaried women in Chakan increased 
from	7.61%	in	2018	to	12.38%	in	2020.	Additionally,	two	female 	
team members have been promoted to production team leaders 
reflecting	their	continued	efforts	to	build	a	diverse	leadership 	
pipeline.
The Road to Making Tomorrow Better: 
Including People with Disabilities
Our San Martin Obispo Distribution Center in Mexico facilitated 
an Inclusion Program to provide employment opportunities for 
people with intellectual disabilities. In Mexico, 2.8 million people 
have	intellectual	 disabilities,	 but	only	10%	have	access	to	work	and	
only	1%	receive	payment	for	their	work.	The	facility	collaborated 	
with	two	nonprofit	foundations,	Include-Me	and	FADEM,	to 	
receive training on inclusive recruitment and job environments. 
During	the	first	year	of	the	program,	they	hired	three	people	with 	
intellectual disabilities who have successfully contributed to the 
team. Although the pandemic prevented them from working on-
site during part of 2020, the facility has continued to support them 
and is looking forward to safely welcoming them back soon.
We have committed to improve both gender and U.S. minority group 
representation to reach a goal of one third by 2030. We will do that by 
actively managing recruitment, turnover and talent movement within the 
pipeline.
Material Topic Goal
Inclusion, 
Diversity 
and Equity• Increase gender diversity to One Third 
females globally at manager level and 
above by 2030.
• Increase U.S. minority group 
representation to One Third at 
manager level and above by 2030.
 19

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Labor Relations
As a global business, we commit to fair labor practices and respect 
human rights in our operations. Our Code of Conduct  sets the 
standards for our behavior and highlights our commitment to 
preserving	fair	working	conditions.	Our	responsibility	extends	to	our	
suppliers and partners because we expect human rights to be upheld 
across our whole value chain. As part of our commitment, we foster 
collaborative	relationships	with	our	unionized	workforces,	promote	
open communication and respect their rights. We strive to mitigate 
risks	of	work	disruptions	by	continuously	working	to	maintain	fair	
labor standards and proactively engaging in discussions with our team 
members.	Positive	labor	relations	can	also	benefit	our	business	and	
improve	workforce	satisfaction	and	productivity.	
Management Approach
Standards
Globally, an estimated 53% of our team members are covered by 
collective	bargaining	agreements.	We	work	hard	to	collaborate	and	to	
maintain positive relationships with these team members. In the U.S., 
our	sites	are	subject	to	compliance	under	the	National	Labor	Relations	
Act	(NLRA),	which	gives	team	members	the	right	to	consider	a	third	party	
to represent them in collective bargaining. We post information at all U.S. 
sites	to	remind	team	members	of	their	rights	under	the	NLRA.	We	had	no	
NLRA	violations	in	our	facilities	in	2020.
Our Basic Working Conditions Policy outlines our commitment to 
uphold	the	rights	of	workers	and	respect	their	freedom	of	association.	
We recognize the right to associate with a legally sanctioned organization 
and do not discriminate against team members based on their 
associations. As our policy states, we also prohibit child labor or forced labor, and 
we	pledge	to	maintain	fair,	safe	working	conditions.	We	apply	a	unified	
approach to interactions with team members in all locations where we 
operate.	Our	principles	are	compatible	with	the	following	frameworks:
• The	United	Nations	Universal	Declaration	of	Human	Rights
• The	United	Nations	Global	Compact
• The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) 
Guidelines	for	Multinational	Enterprises
• The Global Sullivan Principles of Social Responsibility
Communication Mechanisms
We promote multiple opportunities to receive input from our team 
members	and	listen	to	their	feedback.	Each	plant	manager	holds	regular	
meetings to provide updates and discuss issues through proactive 
communication. We also maintain an open door policy to allow any team 
members to bring up concerns or questions immediately to supervisors. 
At the start of each shift, plants hold line meetings with team members to 
review	approaches	to	safety,	quality,	scrap,	efficiency	and	other	relevant	
topics. Team members may also report any ethical issues through the 
Tenneco	hotline,	which	is	operated	by	a	third	party	and	available	24/7	in	
multiple languages. 
In	2020,	COVID-19	significantly	affected	our	operations	and	changed	our	
safety protocols. Local unions partnered with the management teams to 
immediately implement these procedures and adhere to  
safety	standards.	For	more	information	about	our	efforts	during	the	
pandemic, see the Responding to the COVID-19 section on page 11 .Performance
Metrics
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission charges and National Labor 
Relations Act violations2019 2020
Number	of	EEOC	charges	filed18 16
Number	of	NLRA	violations 0 0
Percentage of total employees covered 
by collective bargaining agreements2 2019 2020
Percentage of total employees 
covered by collective bargaining 
agreements in the U.S.17.1% 19.6%
Percentage of total employees 
covered by collective bargaining 
agreements globally50% 53%
2The increase is mainly driven by headcount reduction and restructuring in 2020 related to the impact of COVID-19 on the 
business.
Minimum notice periods regarding 
operational changes3 2019 2020
Minimum	number	of	weeks’ 	
notice typically provided to 
U.S. employees and their 
representatives prior to the 
implementation	of	significant 	
operational changes that could 
substantially	affect	them8.5 8.5
For	organizations	with 	
collective bargaining 
agreements, report whether 
the notice period and 
provisions for consultation and 
negotiation	are	specified	in 	
collective agreementsVaries regionally Varies regionally
3Notice periods vary regionally. Tenneco follows all local regulations for minimum notic e periods. For example, the minimum 
notice period for plant closure or significant reduction is 60 days of notice per the Worker Adjustment and Retraining 
Notification Act (WARN) Act in the U.S.1To date, no charge has resulted in a finding in favor of the charging party.
 20

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Community Involvement
To live our Tenneco values, we support our local communities by 
donating, volunteering, and participating in events that promote 
engagement. We also invest in economic development by hiring locally 
and	providing	jobs	for	the	surrounding	areas.
Management Approach
Community Investment 
At multiple sites, we regularly engage in 
activities with several organizations that 
enhance education and opportunities for 
children,	such	as	Starfish	Family	Services,	
Winning	Futures,	and	United	Way.	As	part	
of our endeavor to unite our operations 
and	combine	legacy	efforts,	we	relaunched	
our	TEN10	Recognition	Program	across	the	
organization in 2021. This initiative encourages 
greater engagement and includes a peer 
nomination process for team members who 
embody the Tenneco values. In addition to 
providing a monetary award and recognition 
ceremony for winners, we donate $10,000 on 
behalf of each global winner to their selected 
charity.
We also strive to contribute to economic 
development of our communities by 
supporting employment opportunities, 
providing	scholarships,	and	making	
investments in local economies. Our business 
continues	to	create	more	than	70,000	jobs	
around the world. As part of the annual 
Garage Gurus Scholarship Program , we 
award scholarships up to $2,500 to 12 students 
to support their education expenses and 
engage the next generation of automotive 
technicians. Garage Gurus provides technical 
training and expertise to address the 
technician	shortage	and	the	skills	gap	in	the	
industry.  COVID-19	intensified	our	mission	to	stimulate	our	local	communities,	as	
people around the world felt the impacts of the pandemic. To support 
our communities as they faced these challenges during 2020, we 
provided	masks	and	PPE	to	local	hospitals	and	health	organizations,	and	
donated food items to local charities and food pantries. Additionally, 
we	provided	support	and	other	resources	to	the	elderly	and	to	first	
responders in our communities. We also supplied components for 
a	customer	to	produce	ventilators	for	COVID-19	patients.	For	more	
information about our actions during the pandemic, see the Responding 
to COVID-19 section on page 11 .We relaunched our 
TEN10 Recognition 
Program across 
the organization in 
2021. This initiative 
encourages greater  
engagement 
and includes a 
peer nomination 
process for team 
members who 
embody the 
Tenneco values.
The Road to Making Tomorrow Better: 
Supporting United Way of Southeastern Michigan
As	the	COVID-19	pandemic	increased	the	requests	for	support	
in 2020, we took immediate action to address the needs of our 
communities. One example was our 2020 virtual campaign for 
United Way of Southeastern Michigan. United Way operates a 
helpline to help families meet their basic needs including food, 
housing, and healthcare. We raised over $157,000 from Michigan 
team members and the company’s matching donation. Our 
Executive Director of Corporate Communications serves as a 
member of the United Way for Southeastern Michigan Campaign 
Cabinet.
 21

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Our foundation of strong governance and ethics 
represents our commitment to accountability, 
integrity, and compliance in our operations.
Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing management and 
ensuring	that	we	serve	the	long-term	interests	of	our	stockholders. 	
We recognize that sound principles of corporate governance are 
essential in obtaining and retaining trust and respect of internal and 
external	stakeholders.	We	monitor	and	improve	responsibility	along 	
our supply chain to maintain respect for human rights and mitigate 
environmental impacts from our suppliers. We also protect our systems 
with enhancements in security to preserve data privacy for our team 
members and our customers. As we continue to strengthen governance, 
we collaborate as One Team to achieve alignment across the whole 
enterprise and incorporate our values throughout our operations.
Skip to:
Corporate Governance
Ethics and Compliance
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
Responsible Sourcing
Supplier Diversity
Conflict	Minerals
Supply Chain Management
 
 
Suggested Links:
Corporate Governance Plan  
Code of Conduct
Ethics & Compliance Hotline
Basic Working Conditions Policy
Conflict	Minerals	StatementOur Governance
 22

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Risk Management
Our	Board	recognizes	that	risk	management	is	primarily	the	
responsibility of the company’s management team, however, the 
Board	plays	a	critical	role	in	risk	oversight,	including	the	identification	
and	management	of	risk.	Throughout	the	year,	senior	leaders	of	our	
business units and functional groups present to the Board regarding 
specific	risks	that	the	company	faces.	Management	annually	provides	
a comprehensive strategic review to the Board that includes discussion 
of	the	major	risks	and	strategies	to	manage	these	risks	–	including	
economic, environmental, and social topics.    
At each regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting, the company’s 
General Counsel provides a report to the Audit Committee regarding 
any	significant	litigation,	environmental,	and	regulatory	risks	faced	by	
our company. The Audit Committee oversees the company’s compliance 
programs, including compliance with the company’s Code of Conduct.  
The Compensation Committee reviews our compensation structures and 
programs	to	ensure	that	they	do	not	encourage	excessive	risk-taking.
ESG Oversight
The Board oversees our corporate responsibility and sustainability 
practices, because we are committed to helping our customers, team 
members and communities build a sustainable future. While ultimate 
oversight for ESG topics falls under the purview of the entire Board, each 
Board committee has various responsibilities connected to sustainability 
matters.
We provide public reporting and are forthcoming in disclosures about 
our environmental stewardship and long-term strategy, including 
voluntarily	reporting	our	climate	risk	strategy	and	related	data	to	CDP.	
Further,	the	Nominating	and	Governance	Committee	has	an	active	role	in	
the review and approval of our annual Sustainability Report. 
Our executive management holds ultimate responsibility for ESG and 
oversees the review, evaluation and updates to our sustainability goals 
and	key	performance	indicators	within	our	business	units.	Our	cross-
functional ESG Council advises management periodically on progress and 
determines how to drive long-term shareholder value. The ESG Council 
comprises functional leaders of EHS, Legal, Human Resources and Talent 
Management,	Finance,	Engineering,	Supply	Chain	and	Logistics.	
Our	Chief	Ethics	and	Compliance	Officer	was	also	recently	appointed	
to	the	role	of	Senior	Vice	President	and	Chief	ESG	Officer.	Reporting	
to	the	CEO,	the	Senior	Vice	President	and	Chief	ESG	Officer	drives	a	
cross-functional ESG program and collaborates with our other executive 
leaders to implement our sustainability strategy. This role enables 
a	holistic	approach	to	ESG,	compliance	and	risk	management	and	
promotes alignment across Tenneco.Corporate Governance
Our approach to corporate governance connects to our mission, values, 
and culture. We integrate responsibility and accountability into our 
governance structures to maintain oversight of our material topics 
and	incorporate	stakeholder	interests	into	our	strategy	development.		
Through	our	comprehensive	and	effective	management	of	corporate	
governance, we outline roles and expectations, set high standards of 
professional and personal conduct, and monitor compliance with these 
responsibilities.
Management Approach
Board of Directors
As of July 1, 2021, the Tenneco Board of Directors is comprised of 10 
members. Our experienced Board of Directors are well-positioned 
to provide appropriate oversight with respect to Tenneco’s policies, 
direction, strategy, and performance. The names and business 
experience of each director can be found on our website and in our most 
recent	proxy	statement	filing	with	the	SEC.	Tenneco’s	Board	of	Directors	
has	three	standing	committees:	Audit,	Compensation,	and	Nominating	
and Governance. Each committee has a written charter which can also be 
found on our website.
We	believe	that	a	diverse	Board	composition	provides	significant	
benefit	to	the	company.	The	Nominating	and	Governance	Committee	
considers numerous factors when identifying and recommending 
nominees to the Board of Directors including candidate’s professional 
experience,	background,	perspectives,	demographics,	gender,	race,	
nationality, and age. In 2020, the Board of Directors revised its Corporate 
Governance	Principles	to	add	a	provision	ensuring	that	the	Nominating	
and	Governance	Committee	will	direct	search	firms	to	include	qualified	
female and minority candidates on its list of potential director 
candidates. 
Outreach and Engagement
As part of our overall corporate governance, we have an ongoing 
outreach program to develop and maintain communication with our 
investors about governance and compensation issues. In 2020, members 
of senior management and our Chairperson of the Board expanded 
our	governance	outreach	to	solicit	stockholder	perspectives	and	receive	
valuable,	direct	feedback	on	governance,	executive	compensation,	
sustainability, and related matters. This outreach was in addition to 
management’s regular participation in investor, community, industry 
and analyst conferences, and meetings throughout the year that 
cover	performance	and	ESG	topics.	Stockholders	may	also	contact	the	
Board with any inquiry or issue by the methods described in our proxy 
statement.  
 Diversity of Board Directors 20201
GenderFemale 30%
Male 70%
Age<30	Years 0%
30-50	Years 0%
>50	Years 100%
Other indicators of diversity Ethnic Diversity in the U.S. 10%
1Data reflects status as of December 31, 2020.Board of Directors As of December 31, 20201
Size of Board 10
Independent Directors 9
Independent Chairperson Yes
Separate Chairperson and CEO Yes
Committees consist of entirely independent 
membersYes
Non-Management	executive	sessions	
regularly conductedYes
Mandatory	retirement	age 75
Annual election of Directors Yes
Majority	voting	in	uncontested	Director	
electionsYes
Diverse Board members (race and gender) 30%
Comprehensive annual assessments of the 
Board and committeesYes
 23

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Ethics and Compliance
We commit to high ethical standards at Tenneco because we value the 
trust	of	our	stakeholders	and	recognize	that	our	success	depends	on 	
our culture of Integrity Always. To enable our ability to lead responsibly, 
we instill a foundation of ethics and train our team members to actively 
live	and	promote	our	values.	We	also	mitigate	financial,	reputational	and 	
legal	risks	by	maintaining	compliance	with	international	laws	and	local 	
regulations throughout our global locations. As the regulatory landscape 
evolves, we will continue to implement mechanisms for accountability and 
navigate new requirements to maintain compliance. 
Management
Code of Conduct
The Tenneco Code of Conduct guides our behavior as we evaluate 
decisions and operate with Integrity Always. We updated our Code in 
2021 to integrate our new corporate values and improve the Code’s 
functionality. Available in 22 languages to promote accessibility, our 
updated	Code	reflects	our	commitment	to	unite	our	business	units 	
and instill an ethical culture across our operations as we move forward 
together and live our values. 
To unify our operational approach to all policies, we implemented a new 
Tenneco Policy System in 2020 to ensure consistency in our global policies 
across our business units and locations. We continue to evaluate our 
standards	and	implement	processes	to	maintain	compliance	and	refine 	
our policies, and we perform a periodic Legal and Compliance Program 
Assessment	to	improve	the	effectiveness	of	our	management. 	
Employee Training  
All salaried team members annually review and certify compliance with 
our Code of Conduct. In 2020, we also expanded The On Ramp program 
to	enhance	training	for	new	managers	and	strengthen	leadership	skills 	
to	promote	our	values;	we	will	continue	to	launch	this	program	across 	
the	business	in	2021.	For	more	information,	see	the	Talent	Attraction	and 	
Retention section on page 17. 
To	supplement	the	Code	certification,	we	provide	online	compliance 	
training	for	team	members	to	learn	about	a	variety	of	risks	and	topics, 	
such	as	ethical	decision	making,	respect	in	the	workplace,	privacy, 	
information security and antitrust measures. We also focus on anti-
corruption training and initiate periodic quizzes to test team member 
knowledge	about	fighting	corruption. 	
We	offer	on-demand	resources	on	our	corporate	intranet	and	live	training 	
that	builds	on	our	collective	knowledge	of	ethics	and	compliance.	We 	
customize the training based on particular audiences and trends that 
we	have	observed	from	our	hotline,	internal	feedback,	law	changes	and 	
control	improvements.	Although	we	could	not	offer	the	training	in	person 	
in 2020 due to the pandemic, we were able to engage in 190 interactive 
training sessions for ethics and compliance and reached approximately 
8,600 team members. Employee Engagement
We strive to continuously enhance communications with team members 
and improve their understanding of our values and ethical behaviors. 
In	2020,	our	employee	engagement	survey	reflected	significant 	
improvements in scores relating to our culture. Engagement results 
related	to	living	the	values	were	generally	above	or	at	the	benchmark. 	
Team members reported that they feel more comfortable reporting any 
suspected violations and agreed that Tenneco shows dedication to ethical 
conduct. 
In	2020,	we	held	a	virtual	contest	on	our	intranet	and	asked	team 	
members	to	submit	“memes”	related	to	compliance.	We	achieved	over 	
15,000 views in 30 days, and we continue to provide opportunities for 
team members to express their commitment to compliance. We are 
continuing	to	look	for	additional	ways	to	showcase	employee	talent	and 	
achievements in this area.
 
In	2021,	Tenneco	was	awarded	Compliance	Program	of	the	Year	award	by 	
Compliance	Week	for	its	work	in	2020.	Due	to	the	global	pandemic,	many 	
companies	 paused	or	decelerated	 their	compliance	 programs;	 Tenneco,	 on	
the	other	hand,	increased	its	efforts.	Driven	by	the	company’s	Core	Values, 	
Tenneco utilized an approach called Tenneco GPS, which directs our 
choices	to	ensure	we	find	the	right	way	to	do	things.	Included	within	this 	
approach was establishing a global culture encouraging team members 
to	speak-up	about	their	experiences,	to	share	ideas,	and	to	let	us	know	if 	
things	were	not	working.	Our	culture	is	built	on	employee	feedback,	and 	
having	these	methods	of	communication	available	is	key.	To	drive	this 	
point	home,	we	engaged	team	members	in	a	Meme	Contest,	asking	them 	
to	create	memes	about	our	core	value	of	“Integrity	Always”	and	what	it 	
meant to them. It was a fun way to lift spirits while driving home our goals.
For	the	full	Compliance	Week	article	about	this	award	click here.
Potential Misconduct 
We provide multiple resources for team members to report any 
suspected violations of the Tenneco values or Code of Conduct. 
Team members can discuss any concerns with their managers 
or Human Resources representatives, and they can use the 
Tenneco hotline , which is available 24/7 in multiple languages 
through a toll-free phone number and the Tenneco website. This 
hotline allows anonymous reporting, where permitted by law, 
and is operated by an independent third party to encourage 
team members to freely convey any issues. We receive hundreds 
of reports annually, which is to be expected for a company of 
our size. We value it when team members help us to improve. 
The majority of calls pertain to Human Resources questions, 
and all reports are investigated in accordance with our policies. 
To encourage our team members to speak up, we maintain a 
Non-Retaliation Policy to protect anyone who raises a concern, 
reports misconduct or participates in an investigation. If 
team members are suspected of retaliation, we enforce strict 
discipline measures, up to and including termination. 
 24

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Anti-Corruption
We	actively	fight	corruption	in	our	industry	and	prohibit	bribes	and	the	
facilitation of payments with any relation to Tenneco. We recognize the 
higher	risk	of	corruption	in	certain	areas	where	we	operate,	and	we	
acknowledge	the	harmful	impacts	that	corruption	can	have	on	local	
communities.	To	combat	these	risks,	we	evaluate	vendors	for	compliance	
with	our	Code	of	Conduct	and	use	risk-based,	third-party	due	diligence	
screening for vendors. 
Our Internal Audit department also performs an annual enterprise 
risk	assessment	that	includes	evaluating	corruption	risk.	In	addition	to	
training our team members on anti-corruption, we annually celebrate 
our positive performance on International Anti-corruption Day and 
highlight our best-in-class practices. In 2020, we included trivia questions 
so team members could demonstrate their awareness and strengthen 
their ability to properly respond to any instances of corruption. 
On a quarterly basis, all plant controllers, plant managers, individuals 
throughout	the	finance	reporting	chain	and	key	members	of	senior	
management	are	required	to	sign	certifications	in	support	of	our	
quarterly	financial	reporting	process.	These	certifications	cover	a	variety	
of	topics	including	knowledge	of	any	fraud	or	alleged	fraud,	absence	of	
undue	influence	by	management	on	financial	reporting,	and	compliance	
with	the	Foreign	Corrupt	Practices	Act	(FCPA)	and	other	applicable	anti-
bribery laws.Performance
As	publicly	disclosed	in	the	2020	10K,	we	have	been	subject	to	antitrust 	
investigation and litigation since 2014. With the administrative closure of 
the European Commission’s antitrust inquiry on April 27, 2017, settlements 
on civil putative claims in the United States and Canada, and the granting 
of unconditional leniency from the Department of Justice in October 2020, 
we do not expect to incur any additional material costs for investigations 
by competition agencies or civil lawsuits related to possible violations of 
antitrust laws relating to products supplied by us and our subsidiaries, 
including	Federal-Mogul.	The	two	additional	actions	in	2020	are	related	to 	
the	class	resolution	process	and	do	not	reflect	new	claims	or	additional 	
antitrust concerns.
To	mitigate	the	risks	of	noncompliance,	we	took	steps	to	prevent	similar 	
issues	in	the	future.	For	example,	we	provided	additional	compliance 	
manuals and training to our commercial teams. We also enhanced 
antitrust training for various business units and teams around the world. 
We continue to raise awareness and emphasize the importance of 
antitrust compliance at Tenneco. Anti-competitive behavior , antitrust, 
and monopoly practices2019 2020
Number	of	legal	actions	pending	during	the	reporting 	
period regarding anti-competitive behavior and 
violations of antitrust and monopoly legislation in which 
the	organization	has	been	identified	as	a	participant7 91
Losses due to anti-competitive legal 
proceedings2019 2020
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with anti-competitive 
behavior regulations$0.6M $33M2Operations Assessed for Risks 
Related to Corruption2020
Total number and percentage 
of operations assessed for 
risks related to corruption100% of our operations are assessed 
and evaluated for multiple compliance 
and	ethics	risks,	including	risks	related	
to corruption.
Significant	risks	related	to	
corruption	identified	through	
the risk assessmentWe consider operations that require 
contact	with	government	officials	
to	pose	the	most	significant	risk	of	
corruption through bribery (obtaining 
government permits, cross-border 
logistics, sales to government entities, 
etc.).Metrics  
1 See performance paragraph for explanation.
2 These costs relate to prior events and do not represent new cases. Tenneco established a reserve of $132 million in our second 
quarter 2017 financial results for settlement costs relating to these matters; less than $1 million remains at December 31, 
2020. See 2020 10k for further detail.
 25

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
The	Board	oversees	the	company’s	information	technology	risk	and 	
associated	information	risk	management	program.	The	Audit	Committee 	
receives information technology and cybersecurity updates that focus 
on program governance, control maturity, and third-party information 
security assurance at least twice per year, with the Board receiving a 
similar	briefing	once	per	year. 	
Tenneco has a standing Information, Security, and Privacy Executive 
Steering Committee that meets regularly during the year. This steering 
committee is responsible for approving the organization’s information 
security charter and authority to operate, as well as demonstrating the 
importance	of	information	security	and	privacy	risk	management	as 	
critical business issues. Additionally, this committee serves as the standing 
Cyber-Resilience	Committee	in	the	event	of	a	cyber-crisis	affecting	the 	
organization that requires cross-functional management response.
Management Approach
In	2020,	we	made	significant	progress	in	transitioning	to	an	enterprise-
wide governance approach for cybersecurity that will continue in 2021. To 
promote	effective	oversight,	we	centralized	cybersecurity	and	data	privacy 	
for	Tenneco	in	2020.	Our	Chief	Information	Security	Officer	oversees	the 	
program. In 2020, we also organized an information technology policy 
governance	committee	tasked	with	reviewing	and	approving	cybersecurity 	
and data privacy policies. We continue to invest in the modernization of 
our overall information systems.   
Industry Frameworks
Our information security programs are developed based on industry-
leading	frameworks,	including	the	National	Institute	of	Standards	and 	
Technology	(NIST)	and	ISO	27001	standards.	In	alignment	with	the	NIST 	
and	ISO	frameworks,	our	cybersecurity	and	data	privacy	program	enables 	
the creation of governance and policy artifacts mapped to each control 
framework.	Our	risk-based	information	technology	systems	allow	us	to 	
prioritize	deployment	of	controls	and	routinely	gauge	effectiveness	of 	
the	program	controls	against	our	maturity	objectives.	Additionally,	senior 	
management reviews the assessments and outside partners validate the 
design and implementation of cybersecurity and privacy controls across 
the enterprise.
Training
We conduct multiple levels of testing and invest in team member training 
to improve the resilience of our information systems and promote greater 
awareness	of	cybersecurity	risks.	Regular	updates	on	cybersecurity	and 	
data	privacy	risks	are	shared	with	various	stakeholders	across	Tenneco. 		
We conduct phishing testing and enterprise tabletop testing for our cyber-
crisis management and cyber-resilience capabilities annually. Tenneco 
provides training and awareness of information technology governance 
through	policies	and	procedures,	reviews	information	risk	topics,	and 	
takes	advantage	of	current	events	to	educate	employees	and	contractors 	
interacting with Tenneco’s information system. Data Privacy
We	aim	to	build	trust	with	our	stakeholders	and	protect	their	interests 	
throughout our operations by designing privacy into our personal data-
processing activities. Our privacy statement outlines our commitment to 
protecting personal information and describes the rights that individuals 
have, and how they can exercise those rights. In alignment with our 
policies	and	our	commitment	to	stakeholder	trust,	we	investigate 	
incidents and customer privacy complaints thoroughly in accordance with 
legislation, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Because we do not have a strong business-to-consumer element, we do 
not	obtain,	process	or	store	a	significant	amount	of	consumer	information. 	
We do manage human resources data for our own team members, and 
we rely on third parties to process payroll on behalf of the company’s team 
members.
We maintain systems, applications and data types that are critical to 
business,	and	we	recognize	that	loss	of	confidentiality,	integrity	or 	
availability	poses	a	risk	of	liability	to	third	parties	and	harm	to	the	company 	
brand, reputation, operations or assets. We also value management of 
cyber-physical	risks,	both	internally	with	connected	shop	floor	operational 	
technology as well as product development and product security. 
We	began	investing	in	shop	floor	segmentation	in	2021	and	beyond. 	
Additionally, product development and product security will receive 
additional focus in 2021 and beyond as the automotive sector continues to 
migrate	from	internal	combustion	to	autonomy	and	electrification.Performance
We measure our control maturity and comprehensiveness through a 
strategic business partner to annually evaluate our cybersecurity program. 
Additionally,	key	performance	indicators	are	collected	and	monitored 	
to demonstrate cybersecurity and data privacy performance over time. 
These include the number of events per month, number of investigations, 
number and type of cybersecurity incidents, and any associated exposure.
Metrics
Substantiated complaints concerning breaches 
of customer privacy and losses of customer data2019 2020
Total number of substantiated complaints  
received concerning breaches of customer privacy,  
categorized by:
Complaints received from outside parties and 
substantiated by the organization0 0
Complaints from regulatory bodies 0 0
Total number of complaints 0 0
Total	number	of	identified	leaks,	thefts	or	losses	of 	
customer data0 0
 26

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Responsible Sourcing
To	meet	the	stakeholder	expectations	and	maintain	business	continuity,	
we	mitigate	environmental	and	social	risks	in	our	supply	chain	and	
enforce our procurement standards. As part of our commitment to 
human rights, we perform due diligence and evaluate our suppliers 
regularly.	We	comply	with	requirements	related	to	conflict	minerals.		
We also continue to enhance visibility along our supply chain, identify 
opportunities	to	improve	our	procurement	efforts,	and	mitigate	risks	of	
disruption. 
Management Approach
We commit to the protection of human rights and responsible sourcing 
throughout our supply chain as outlined in our Code of Conduct , Basic 
Working Conditions Policy  and Supplier Manual1. As a condition of 
doing business with Tenneco, we require suppliers to agree to follow the 
Tenneco	Code	of	Conduct	and	Supplier	Basic	Working	Conditions	Policy.	
We	complete	restrictive	and	financial	supplier	screening	to	ensure	we	
choose	suppliers	that	maintain	acceptable	financial	standing	and	comply	
with	trade	regulations.	We	also	use	risk-based,	third-party	due	diligence	
screening. 
Mitigation	actions	include	background	checks,	contract	clauses,	training,	
and monitoring. In 2020, we strengthened our supplier screening pro -
cesses to further account for compliance with our Code of Conduct and 
Basic	Working	Conditions	Policy	during	the	onboarding	process.	In	addi -
tion, we include human rights clauses or perform supplementary screen -
ings	before	completing	significant	investment	agreements	and	contracts.	
We also expect our suppliers to conduct internal audits and self-assess -
ments as a condition of our contracts.
Performance
Metrics
In 2020, our direct supplier on-boarding process required that we screen 
100% of our new suppliers using Tenneco’s supplier requirements 
including social and environmental criteria. 
1Supplier manual covers Performance Solutions and Clean Air requirements only. A new  global supplier manual is under 
development to be released in 2021.
 27

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Supplier Diversity
Diversity improves the strength of our supply chain and the continuity of 
our operations. Therefore, we actively pursue partnerships to maintain 
a diverse supplier base and continue to promote equal access to 
procurement opportunities for diverse businesses. We accept supplier 
certification	from	the	National	Minority	Supplier	Development	Council,	
the	Women’s	Business	Enterprise	National	Council,	the	National	Veterans	
Business	Development	Council,	the	Center	for	Verification	and	Evaluation	
and other LGBTQ, HUBZone, and Disabled-owned businesses. We have 
developed internal goals to meet levels of supplier diversity beyond 
customer targets, and we continue to pursue engagement with diverse 
suppliers.
Management Approach
We also aim to leverage the capabilities of our existing diverse suppliers 
and grow our partnerships by connecting them to more opportunities for 
business	in	different	divisions	throughout	Tenneco.	For	example,	one	of	
our	diverse	suppliers	provided	only	forklift	leasing	for	us	in	the	past	and	
we	worked	with	them	to	expand	their	leasing	types	to	include	multi-func -
tional printers across all four business segments. To help more suppliers 
gain	certification	and	become	eligible	to	work	with	us,	we	offer	panel	
discussions to understand the steps to secure business with Tenneco.  
We educate suppliers and partner with certifying councils to recruit and 
develop members.In 2020, we leveraged our partnerships and memberships to connect 
to diverse suppliers that were interested in doing business with 
Tenneco. Our engagement activities included the following:
• Asian	Pacific	American	Chamber	of	Commerce	events
• Michigan	Minority	Supplier	Development	Council	mentor/mentee	
Infuse program, which aimed to promote the progression and 
development of a supplier diversity professional, improve overall 
performance of our program, share best practices and collaborate 
on innovative ideas to support the success of minority businesses
• Active	members	of	the	Great	Lakes	Women’s	Business	Council,	
including	reinventing	their	Mission	and	Vision	and	annual	“Meet	
the	Buyer”	events	sponsored	by	the	National	Minority	Supplier	
Development Council
• Michigan	Minority	Supplier	Development	Council	Signature	Event	
Committee	and	the	Amazon	Minority	Business	and	Technology	
Initiative, a collaboration between Amazon Business and the U.S. 
Department	of	Commerce	and	Minority	Business	Development	
Agency	(MBDA)
• Michigan	Hispanic	Development	Council	Member	networking	
events
• Women’s	Business	Enterprise	National	Council	and	Blue	Cross	Blue	
Shield	of	Michigan’s	Pitch	and	Pivot	series
• 2020	sponsor	of	the	20th	Annual	Great	Lakes	Women’s	Business	
Council Virtual Conference
• Connections to veteran-owned and service-disabled veteran-owned 
businesses	through	the	National	Veteran	Business	Development	
Council	(NBVDC);	our	Senior	Purchasing	Manager	was	also	
appointed	to	the	NBVDC	Advisory	BoardThe Road to Making Tomorrow Better: 
Showcasing Diverse Suppliers
To improve our performance and promote supplier diversity, 
we created the Diverse Supplier Spotlight to connect key 
decision-makers	at	Tenneco	with	qualified	diverse	suppliers.	
This program has provided more opportunities to diverse 
suppliers to bring value to the supply chain. For example, one 
business	unit	hired	over	25%	of	the	diverse	suppliers	presented	
to them. We met with leaders throughout the organization 
to promote awareness of the value of supplier diversity and 
continue	to	introduce	qualified	diverse	suppliers	to	our	supply	
chain. We also maintain processes to track our supplier diversity 
performance and target areas of improvement. As we evaluate 
our ability to reach diverse suppliers, we will continue to 
improve our engagement to enhance supplier diversity in the 
future.Performance
The COVID-19 pandemic had a hard impact on our diverse suppliers.  In 
2020, overall spending decreased because certain diverse suppliers went 
out of business. Additionally, some suppliers did not renew their diversity 
certifications,	diverse	businesses	were	sold	to	non-diverse	businesses,	
other suppliers lost Customs Trade Partnership Against Terrorism 
(CTPAT)	certification,	and	some	suppliers	had	a	reduction	or	resourcing	
of business.        
Metrics
Diverse Suppliers12018 2019 2020
Minority	Business 	
Enterprise	(MBE)Number	of	
Suppliers95 63 75
Spend 
(millions)75 64 51
Woman Business 
Enterprise (WBE)Number	of	
Suppliers111 84 88
Spend 
(millions)55 49 25
Veteran Business 
Enterprise (VET)Number	of	
Suppliers27 31 14
Spend 
(millions)92 69 2
1This includes combined data for our Powertrain, Clean Air, Motorparts and Performance Solutions business units.
 28

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Conflict Minerals
In accordance with our Conflict	Minerals	Statement , we are committed 
to responsible sourcing by procuring components and materials from 
companies that share our values around human rights, ethics, and 
environmental responsibility.
Management Approach
We	comply	with	the	Dodd-Frank	Wall	Street	Reform	and	Consumer	
Protection Act, supporting elimination of the use of tantalum, tin, 
tungsten and gold (3TG) from improper sources that could promote 
abuses in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Region (DRC) or one of 
the	DRC	nine	adjoining	countries.	As	part	of	our	approach,	we	recently	
adopted the following goal:To enforce our requirements, we have an annual, comprehensive 
due diligence process for our supply chain to document the origins 
of minerals and review responses to our supplier questionnaires. 
Our	suppliers	must	also	request	information	about	the	use	of	conflict	
minerals from their direct suppliers, who must solicit information from 
the next tier of suppliers. We expect all suppliers to exercise this level 
of due diligence and report the chain of custody on these minerals to 
Tenneco.	Our	Conflict	Minerals	Oversight	Committee	reviews	our	process	
for due diligence to monitor compliance with regulations.
Our	relevant	suppliers,	who	are	classified	as	strategic	and	critical	
suppliers	as	defined	by	the	Organisation	for	Economic	Co-operation	
and Development (OECD), are given two months to perform their 
downstream supply chain due diligence and complete their reports. In 
2020, we contacted 141 relevant suppliers across our enterprise for a 
formal response through our reporting platform. 100% responded to 
our request. We review each submitted report for inconsistencies, and 
we address any issues through appropriate corrective action, including 
training, investigation and remediation.
To improve consistency in reporting and the tools used for the process, 
we collaborate closely with the Automotive Industry Action Group 
(AIAG),	Responsible	Minerals	Initiative	(RMI)	and	our	OEMs.	We	continue	
to educate suppliers on requirements regarding 3TG and employ an 
industry-wide approach for centralized collection of information to 
efficiently	track	data	and	respond	to	customer	requests.	In	support	of	
the	Conflict-Free	Smelter	Program	developed	by	RMI,	we	strive	to	obtain	
information and assistance from suppliers to trace the origin of any 
necessary 3TG.Cobalt Reporting
As	part	of	our	continuous	efforts	to	source	responsibly	and	align	with	
AIAG	and	OEMs,	we	included	cobalt	reporting	in	2020	in	our	annual	
due diligence process. We added cobalt to our survey because of 
its	connections	to	child	labor	and	poor	working	conditions,	and	we	
continue	to	work	with	suppliers	who	report	cobalt	in	their	supply	chains	
to	understand	the	sources	and	opportunities	for	conflict-free	mineral	
sourcing. As we become more aware of concerns, we will incorporate 
additional assessments into our reporting process to monitor 
performance in our supply chains.
We are actively involved in multiple industry groups to anticipate the 
next	focus	and	prepare	to	report	on	additional	minerals.	For	example,	
we	are	members	of	AIAG	and	RMI	subgroups,	including	the	Responsible	
Materials	Information	Sharing	Subgroup,	the	Responsible	Materials	Work	
Group and the AIAG Smelter Engagement Team. Being part of these 
subgroups	for	conflict	minerals	keeps	us	aware	of	incoming	regulations	
and enables us to contribute to the discussion. In addition, we continue 
to	conduct	internal	training,	promote	awareness	of	conflict	minerals	
internally	and	provide	conflict	minerals	training	for	both	suppliers	and	
team members.
Material Topic Goal
Conflict	 MineralsDevelop a strategy by 2024 
to phase out, where possible, 
3TG	smelters	and	refiners	
nonconformant	with	RMI	in	the	
supply chain.
 29

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Supply Chain Management
In 2020, our supply chain enabled dependable production while 
maintaining our safety standards during the COVID-19 pandemic. We 
continue to monitor supplier conduct and hold suppliers accountable for 
meeting required environmental and social practices. Our supply chain 
management focuses on improving the sustainability and dependability 
of	our	supply	chain	to	promote	responsibility	and	efficiency	in	support	
of our customers. We are a global business and therefore have many 
partners across the world to support our delivery of high-quality 
products and services. 
Management Approach
Standards 
As outlined in our supplier requirements documents, we expect 
our suppliers and business partners to follow our standards for 
environmental, social and governance. We also commit to monitoring 
compliance with our standards, and expect suppliers to continuously 
improve their performance even after the initial procurement screening.
To illustrate our commitment, we recently implemented the following 
goals	and,	we	remain	on	track	to	achieve	them:To enforce our standards, we remain committed to monitoring our 
supply chain and performing due diligence for our suppliers. We perform 
regular on-site supplier audits to review compliance with Tenneco’s 
standards	for	safe	working	conditions,	and	we	also	verify	safe	working	
conditions during the reassessment process. Supplier assessment 
questions include social, environmental, product quality, safety and 
business ethics topics.
We	maintain	effective	procedures	to	address	any	ethics	or	compliance	
issues	identified	in	our	supplier	interactions.	We	take	appropriate	
actions to immediately remediate the issue or discontinue relationships 
with suppliers and other third parties that fail to meet our standards 
for lawful and ethical conduct. As part of our expectations, we prohibit 
the	use	of	forced	labor	in	any	form,	including	human	trafficking	and	
slavery. To promote accountability, we provide the Tenneco hotline  
through multiple reporting channels for anyone to report any concerns 
or potential violations of our ethical values. We promptly investigate 
any	reports	and	take	necessary	actions	to	address	the	risk.	For	more	
information, see the Ethics and Compliance section on  page 24 . 
Sustainability of Our Supply Chain
We	strive	to	continuously	contribute	to	a	more	efficient,	responsible	
supply chain. As part of our strategy, we aim to include our own 
suppliers	in	our	efforts	to	increase	sustainability	and	deliver	value	for	our	
customers. By eliminating waste and reducing greenhouse gas emissions 
in	our	supply	chain,	we	can	increase	our	efficiency	to	generate	savings	
along our value chain and improve our business success. 
To drive our sustainable growth, we continue to implement processes 
to	track	the	performance	of	our	suppliers	while	fostering	a	culture	
of innovation to support improvements. As we progress, we aim to 
collaborate	with	our	suppliers	to	mitigate	supply	chain	risks.	With	this	
information, we will enable more responsible growth and targeted 
improvements for our suppliers.Supplier Training
We continue to communicate our standards and policies to our team 
members and suppliers to maintain compliance. In addition, we conduct 
internal	training	related	to	recognizing	forced	labor	and	fair	working	
conditions, and we also provide relevant training materials across 
Tenneco	to	improve	team	member	knowledge.	To	further	support	
compliance, we require that every direct material supplier maintain 
a training program that covers our commitment to forced labor and 
working	conditions.	We	also	encourage	all	suppliers	to	take	the	AIAG	
Supply Chain Sustainability Knowledge Assessment and the AIAG Supply 
Chain Sustainability e-Learning.
Performance
Metrics
Supplier Locations: North America, Europe, China, Mexico, the U.S.  
and India.
Materials/Inputs Supplied: Raw materials, coatings, packaging,  
stamping, steel, and other products.45,067
Suppliers$9,575M
Total SpendMaterial Topic Goal
Supplier 
Management• 100% of strategic partners 
reaffirm	their	commitment	to 	
the Tenneco Code of Conduct 
by end of 2022.
• 100% of Tenneco’s top 
sustainability	“high-risk”  
and/or	“high-impact”	suppliers 	
complete a self-assessment 
questionnaire by end of 2022.
 30

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Positively contributing to the environment and society 
through our products.
Our extensive portfolio represents our culture of innovation and 
commitment	to	safe,	efficient,	high-quality	products	that	are	providing 	
solutions	for	global	mobility	markets	–	today	and	tomorrow.	We	remain 	
a leading global supplier in the automotive parts industry and are 
committed to developing sustainable processes and products that 
contribute to reduced CO2	emissions	and	fuel	efficiency.	Our	emission 	
control products also reduce harmful criteria pollutants and enable our 
customers to comply with the latest emissions regulations.
We manufacture OE products for ride performance, emission systems 
and	powertrains	for	nearly	all	OEMs	worldwide.	In	addition,	we	offer 	
world-leading brands for innovative products, including brands that 
have successfully delivered solutions for more than 100 years. As our 
business	evolves,	our	Motorparts	and	Performance	Solutions	business 	
units,	as	well	as	our	commercial	truck,	off-highway	and	industrial 	
offerings,	will	drive	our	growth.	We	are	targeting	a	reduction	in	our 	
portfolio exposure to OE light vehicle internal combustion engines to 
less than 20% through the end of the decade.
Skip to:
Product Safety and Quality
Product	Efficiency
Product Innovation
Suggested Links:
Product Compliance and Quality PolicyOur Products
 31

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
1This table represents NHTSA recalls in the U.S. and any equivalent recalls in other coun tries. Tenneco is not aware of additional 
recalls. Tenneco identified a potential issue and voluntarily initiated the recalls.Incidents of noncompliance 
concerning the health 
and safety impacts of products 
and services2019 2020
Incidents of non-compliance with 
regulations	resulting	in	a	fine	or 	
penalty0 0
Incidents of non-compliance with 
regulations resulting in a warning0 0
Incidents of non-compliance with 
voluntary codes0 0
Total number of incidents of non-
compliance	with	regulations	and/
or voluntary codes concerning 
the health and safety impacts of 
products and services within the 
reporting period0 0Product Safety and Quality
We succeed within the automotive parts industry because of our 
commitment	to	quality	excellence	and	customer	satisfaction.	Mitigating	
risks	in	our	facilities	and	maintaining	high	product	performance	are	how	
we establish our reputation as a trusted supplier. To provide reliability 
and protect customer safety, we implement thorough quality standards 
and leverage opportunities for continuous improvement. We strive to 
deliver	superior	products	that	reflect	our	rigorous	assessments	and	meet	
requirements for compliance because our customers depend on our 
foundation of safety and quality. 
Management
Quality Management
We implement quality management systems that represent leading 
practices and guide our processes to maintain quality and safety in our 
operations. Our quality management systems align with International 
Organization for Standardization (ISO) 9001 and International Automotive 
Task	Force	(IATF)	16949	for	automotive	business,	AS9100	for	aerospace 	
business,	ISO/TS	22163	for	railway	applications	and	VDA	6.3	for	European 	
OEMs.	
These industry standards outline established, 
widely recognized procedures and direct our 
approach to quality management. In 2020, 97% 
of	our	manufacturing	sites	were	certified	in 	
accordance	with	the	IATF	16949	and/or	ISO	9001 	
standards. 
Our	business	units	perform	individual	risk 	
assessments	to	identify	risks	and	present 	
options for controls to reduce the probability of 
failure. Safety assessments at each phase of our 
quality management process help maintain our 
standards. Once we launch our products, we also 
incorporate	customer	feedback	to	continuously 	
improve them. This cycle of continuous evaluation 
enables our thorough approach to quality and 
delivery of reliable products.We also strive to monitor traceability of products as part of our compliance 
with quality regulations. We maintain traceability by reporting on raw 
materials	in	our	products	to	the	International	Material	Data	System	(IMDS) 	
to comply with quality requirements for our components. Our Restricted 
Substance	 Management	 Standard	 (RSMS)	also	supports	 our	guarantee	 that	
our customers receive parts that fully meet applicable legal and customer 
standards	regarding	materials	in	our	products.	This	standard	seeks	to 	
inform our suppliers of the materials we must exclude from Tenneco’s 
products and the limits on the amounts of certain materials. We continue 
to update our process and monitor compliance with regulations. 
Our Quality Policy
During 2020, we updated our approach to managing quality and safety as 
part	of	our	efforts	for	continuous	improvement,	and	we	released	a	new 	
Product Compliance and Quality Policy	in	early	2021.	This	framework 	
aligns our strategy across our business units to consistently deliver 
effective,	safe	products.	Our	goal	is	to	get	it	right	the	first	time,	every	time.
Quality Audits 
As	part	of	our	certification	to	ISO	9001	and	IATF	16949	standards,	
we conduct third-party internal quality audits at our manufacturing 
sites. We also expect direct material suppliers to certify their quality 
management system to ISO 9001 standards. During the supplier 
approval process, we audit new direct material suppliers on quality 
management,	as	well	as	social	and	environmental	criteria	to	confirm	
conformance	with	our	requirements	as	outlined	in	our	Supplier	Manual.	 
IATF 16949 and/or 
ISO 9001 standard 
certification of our 
manufacturing 
sites.Global Warranty Committee
The Global Warranty Committee (GWC) oversees product safety 
and quality to promote a cross-functional approach and manage 
escalation of any product warranty issues. The GWC represents 
executive and functional leaders from Engineering, Quality, 
Manufacturing Operations and Legal departments. 
Our structured problem-solving process, overseen by the GWC, 
prevents problems and emphasizes continuous improvement 
to build solutions into future product development. The GWC 
maintains corporate-level responsibility for this system and 
prioritizes communication and collaboration between functions 
to holistically address risks. 
The GWC has an escalation process for potential product safety 
and	significant	quality	issues.	Early	notification	and	review	both	
locally and at the corporate level facilitates learning and action 
where needed. It also provides a robust process to determine 
the	company’s	regulatory	and	financial	reporting	obligations.
Material Topic Goal
Product Safety 
and QualityAchieve	100%	certification	with	
IATF	16949,	ISO	9001	or	other	
applicable quality management 
standards for manufacturing 
sites by end of 2025 to 
standardize quality governance.Performance
We continually improve our processes for quality management to uphold 
our	standards	and	reduce	the	risk	of	malfunction.	In	2020,	we	proactively	
initiated a recall of less than 2,400 pieces because the performance did 
not	meet	our	standards.	No	passenger	fatalities	or	litigation	was	involved,	
and	concerns	were	quickly	addressed.
Metrics
Number of recalls issued, total units recalled12019 2020
Total number of recalls issued 0 3
Total	number	of	units	subject	to	a	recall 0 2,340
For	each	recall,	these	units	represent	less	than	1%	of	the	units	shipped. 	
No	legal	proceedings	or	passenger	fatalities	occurred,	and	there	was	no 	
cost to customers to remedy the issue. The recalls included the following:
• National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration	(NHTSA)	No.	20E044 	
resulted in 996 recalled units due to the lower rear suspension control 
rods	of	certain	low-floor	buses	potentially	experiencing	fatigue	failure. 	
• NHTSA	No.	20E064	resulted	in	38	recalled	units	due	to	insufficient 	
crimping during the manufacturing process.
• NHTSA	No.	20E091	resulted	in	1,306	recalled	units	due	to	a	design 	
compatibility issue related to the interface between the vehicle’s top 
mount and the strut.
 32

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Product Efficiency 
At Tenneco, we develop products that support the next generation 
of hybrid and battery electric vehicles while also enabling more 
efficient	internal	combustion	engines	with	fewer	emissions.	We	drive	
advancements and contribute to improvements across a wide spectrum 
of vehicles, including those that incorporate alternative fuels, because 
our diverse portfolio of products applies to vehicles with multiple fuel 
types. 
Due to our extensive experience in internal combustion engines, we are 
able to align with increasingly stringent vehicle emissions regulations, 
manage our downstream greenhouse gas emissions, and help our 
customers	meet	their	ambitious	fuel-efficiency	targets.	Simultaneously,	
a	significant	portion	of	our	products	support	the	transition	to	
electrification	by	applying	to	any	type	of	vehicles,	including	hybrid	and	
battery electric vehicles. 
Management Approach
Gaining	efficiencies	without	compromising 	
performance continues to be critical, and our 
ability to consistently deliver products that 
achieve these standards factors into our success 
as a leading supplier. Across Tenneco, many 
of our products contribute to reductions in 
vehicle mass and emissions, support the needs 
of electric and hybrid vehicles, and enable 
customers to meet fuel economy targets. Beyond 
the trend of light vehicles switching to electric 
and hybrid models, our products also help 
commercial	truck	and	off-road	vehicles	to	be 	
more	fuel-efficient	and	produce	fewer	emissions. 	
The diversity of our capabilities allows Tenneco 
to	facilitate	the	market	transition	to	alternative 	
fuels and hybrid and electric vehicles. We remain 
committed to providing solutions for global 
mobility	markets	–	today	and	tomorrow.Our engineering teams direct our investments 
in	product	efficiency	and	create	roadmaps	that 	
outline the steps required to support customer 
demand. Our technology roadmaps guide our 
strategy for product development to drive our 
ability to meet and exceed customer needs. 
We have formed a consistent approach to 
developing	products	that	enhance	efficiency	and 	
performance across the lifecycle of the vehicle. 
Our product roadmaps feature opportunities 
to target greenhouse gas emissions and vehicle 
propulsion	efficiency	while	also	providing	fuel-
agnostic components as applicable, focusing on 
customer needs throughout the process. As part 
of our process for product development and 
launch,	we	identify	regulatory	 risks	and	opportunities	 through	 our	Tenneco 	
Product Launch System. Our evaluation process includes continuous 
checkpoints	to	maintain	product	quality	and	integrity.
In	addition	to	identifying	regulatory	market	opportunities,	our	process 	
increases the probability that our research and development investments 
will result in successful customer adoption. We allocate appropriate 
internal	resources	to	streamline	project	completion	based	on	our 	
assessments.	Dependent	on	the	efficiency	of	our	products	to	meet	their 	
own goals, our customers also remain involved in our process by testing 
engines	in	the	certification	stage	and	performing	durability	tests	for 	
extended emissions compliance in the use phase. 
Driven by fuel economy standards, we are equipped for regulations that 
will be in place in 2025 and continue to reduce waste while prioritizing 
continuous improvement programs. We drive our growth by evaluating 
customer needs and developing roadmaps to guide our solutions into the 
future.The Road to Making Tomorrow Better: 
Supporting Emissions Reductions
Tenneco	offers	fully	optimized	aftertreatment	systems	that	
contribute	to	engine	fuel	efficiency	while	significantly	improving	
the air quality in our communities. We commercialized these 
aftertreatment solutions for large diesel engines in the marine, 
off-highway,	industrial	and	power	generation	segments.	
Tenneco’s large-engine aftertreatment solution converts over 
90%	of	the	nitrogen	oxides	(NOx)	in	the	exhaust	gas	stream	into	
harmless substances. 
We focus on thermal management technologies to maintain 
the correct operating temperature for catalysts. We invest in 
multiple emission reduction technologies, including our Cold 
Start Thermal Unit and our Turbo bypass. 
To promote a broader impact from 
our technology, our Clean Air business 
unit also recently partnered with 
Eaton to jointly develop our Cold 
Start	Thermal	Unit	with	Eaton’s	TVS®	
blower technology. This development 
will produce an integrated exhaust 
thermal management system, which will enable commercial 
truck and light vehicle manufacturers to meet new ultra-low 
NOx emissions regulations. The system will directly heat the 
vehicle’s	aftertreatment	system	to	enable	efficient	conversion	
of NOx through the full range of operating conditions. Eaton’s 
technology	supports	precise	control	of	airflow	to	allow	the	
Cold Start Thermal Unit to maintain optimal temperatures. By 
leveraging this collaboration, our business reduces harmful 
emissions and illustrates advancements in clean air technology.
Tenneco’s Turbo bypass technology 
is being developed in collaboration 
with turbocharger suppliers and is 
targeted	at	fulfilling	the	upcoming	
Euro 7 regulations for passenger cars. 
The technology minimizes losses 
of engine heat during cold start 
conditions	and	allows	ultra-fast	catalyst	light-off	in	traditional	
internal combustion engine and hybrid applications. This 
solution	enables	significant	reduction	of	harmful	pollutants	in	
the	most	challenging	conditions	without	adding	significant	cost	
or complexity to the exhaust system.
 
Number of  
zero-copper  
brake pad sets 
sold to Tenneco OE 
and aftermarket 
customers
 
 of revenue from 
products that 
contribute to 
fuel efficiency 
and/or emission 
reduction1
1This reflects Clean Air and Powertrain segments only.
 33

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Our Technology  
Our technology advancements enable our customers to meet fuel 
economy regulations and reach their own emission targets for their 
sustainability programs. These include:
• Supplying parts for all vehicle types, including hybrids and battery 
electric	vehicles; 	
• Reducing	noise	and	vibration	for	quieter	engines; 	
• Increasing	engine	efficiencies	for	commercial	truck	and	off-highway 	
segments; 	
• Reducing	copper	usage	and	limiting	friction	in	brakes;	and 	
• Preventing vehicle deterioration and waste.
We design specialized coatings and components 
that reduce mass and friction and improve 
thermal and mechanical resistance, which 
support	OEMs	in	reaching	their	goals	for 	
engine	enhancements.	For	example,	our	light 	
vehicle	diesel	steel	pistons	offer	proven	carbon 	
emission reduction, and our IROX 2 polymer 
bearing coatings provide increased reliability to 
support	higher-density,	more	efficient	engines. 	
In 2020, we won a PACE Award for our IROX 2 
bearing coating, which extends the life of engine 
bearings,	improves	crankshaft	performance 	
and	supports	advanced,	more	efficient	engine 	
designs. 
Our business provides the products that enable 
continued evolution of the internal combustion 
engine and reduce emissions from exhaust. 
We also enable the transition to a low carbon 
economy by delivering solutions that recover 
exhaust	energy,	reduce	mass	and	backpressure, 	
and improve fuel economy. 
We	also	support	long-lasting	operating	conditions	that	prevent	fluid 	
leakage	or	vehicle	deterioration,	which	maintain	vehicle	lifespans	to 	
keep	them	out	of	landfills.	Together,	our	products	enable	cleaner 	
transportation,	and	valuable	efficiency	increases	from	multiple	angles	of 	
vehicle improvement. 
Another	opportunity	to	influence	efficiency	concentrates	on	lightweight 	
materials and regulatory compliance related to minimizing copper usage. 
For	example,	Tenneco	is	one	of	the	first	in	the	world	to	introduce	a 	
complete	line	of	zero-copper	brake	pads	more	than	10	years	ahead	of 	
mandated legislation that phased out the use of copper due to its adverse 
environmental impact.Tenneco DLC 
The	Tenneco	DLC	(Diamond	Like	Coating)	range 	
of piston ring coatings, including CarboGlide and 
DuroGlide, provides the ultimate combination of 
low friction and exceptional durability in the most 
critical engine environments. DLC coated piston rings 
contribute to fuel economy savings up to 1.5%. In 
2020, we also announced a new and exciting area of 
development in ‘self-healing’ coatings, which have the 
ability	to	heal	scuffing	during	engine	operation.
Goetze®
In 2020, we launched a new GOETZE range of 
industrial ignition solutions, designed for industrial 
gas engines and suitable for power generation 
applications,	including	natural	gas,	biogas,	landfill 	
gas and mine gas. The materials and design of 
the	new	GOETZE	plugs	are	specifically	chosen	to 	
perform reliably under adverse conditions and 
set unprecedented standards for service life and 
mechanical robustness. In testing, GOETZE-branded 
plugs achieve lifetimes of over 10,000 hours.Performance
Metrics
Total revenue from products designed to increase fuel efficiency and/
or reduce emissions during their use phase
2019* - $6,516 Million (37%)
2020* - $6,376 Million (41%)
*This reflects Clean Air and Powertrain segments only.Powertrain Components Systems Protection
Suspension SystemsExhaust Systems
ElastomersIn 2020, we won 
a PACE Award 
for our IROX 2 
bearing coating, 
which extends 
the life of engine 
bearings, improves 
crankshaft 
performance 
and supports 
advanced, more 
efficient engine 
designs.
Tenneco is one of the first in the 
world to introduce a complete line 
of zero-copper brake pads more 
than 10 years ahead of mandated 
legislation that phased out the 
use of copper due to its adverse 
environmental impact.
 34

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Product Innovation
Our innovation strategy is increasingly important as technology evolves 
and customers continue to demand vehicle improvements. To drive our 
financial	performance,	we	invest	in	research	and	development	and	strive	
to	differentiate	our	business.	We	continue	to	illustrate	the	range	of	our	
capabilities	and	supply	new	technologies	to	enable	the	market	transition	
as	we	incorporate	modern	advancements	that	support	electrification	
and	alternative	fuels.	By	anticipating	market	needs,	we	offer	innovative	
solutions to remain leaders in this transforming industry and drive value 
for	our	stakeholders.	
Management Approach
Our Strategy
We	measure	the	success	of	our	innovation	by	the	benefits	to	our	
customers in terms of user satisfaction, costs and environmental 
performance.	Our	business	units	take	a	cross-functional	approach	to	
oversee product innovation by driving collaboration between sales, 
customer applications engineering, manufacturing, product engineering 
and process engineering functions. Our teams strategically determine 
future	market	needs,	generate	ideas	for	new	products,	solve	problems	
through our designs, and manufacture technologies for analysis.
To encourage innovation across the organization, we have implemented 
patent award celebrations to recognize achievements. In 2020, we also 
held virtual global innovation award events to recognize the innovative 
accomplishments of individuals and teams. 
As we explore opportunities for innovation, we focus on products, 
process and customer service. We strive to enhance function and 
product modularity, and we also consider alternative options beyond the 
internal combustion engine, such as fuel cells. To deliver cost savings, 
we target process engineering developments. We also strive to provide 
exceptional customer service by reducing development times and 
streamlining	delivery	to	market.	Our	process	for	 innovation enables 
quicker	product	integration	to	improve	the	customer	experience.
Our Development ProcessCrushshield®	System	Protection
This self-wrapping sleeve is designed to provide superior cut-
through protection for electrical cables in hybrids and electric 
vehicles. The tough, multilayer construction enables the product 
to absorb and disperse energy, and the ability to prevent cut-
through attracts vehicle manufacturers concerned with isolating 
hybrid and electric vehicle cables from the vehicles’ electricity-
conducting chassis in crash situations. In production since 2012, 
the	first	application	was	the	Toyota	Prius,	and	the	product	has 	
now been widely adopted today for many battery electric vehicle 
and hybrid electric vehicle applications, with an accelerating 
interest from major OEMs in 2020.
Standing Wave Management
 
This innovative strategy provides acoustic openings in pipes to 
reduce standing waves and tailpipe boom noise. We recognized 
the customer needs for both compact design and sound quality; 
we also developed this solution to enable customers to meet 
regulatory targets for criteria pollutants, fuel economy and 
muffler	volume.	Developed	for	each	specific	application,	Standing 	
Wave Management reduces engine order noise levels, acoustic 
tuning	volume	and	hydraulic	flow	leakage	to	the	surrounding 	
environment. The reduction in complexity allows a decrease in 
weight and cost, and the compact design also is advantageous for 
use in hybrid vehicles. 
Ideation &
IncubationProject
IdentificationConcept
ValidationPlan & QuoteDesign &
DevelopmentDesign
VerificationProduct &
Process
ValidationLaunch &
ProductionWe use 3D printing technology for developing prototype parts. The 
Powertrain segment uses 3D printing to create casting dies for aluminum 
pistons, while our Clean Air business segment uses a design automation 
software to accumulate design and manufacturing rules to incorporate 
them into the CAD environment. This process gives a designer the 
capability to automatically generate 3D geometry, substantially reducing 
the time required to generate product designs and eliminate errors.
 35

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Our Transformation
Our	adaptability	continues	to	advance	solutions	for	more	efficient	vehicle	
technologies,	and	our	overall	business	still	benefits	because	of	the	range	
of	our	capabilities.	For	example,	a	portion	of	our	business	supports	the	
commercial	truck	and	off-highway	segment	that	may	not	become	electric	
as	quickly	as	the	light	vehicle	segment.	As	we	enhance	efficiency	by	
supplying	components	for	light	electric	vehicles,	we	have	the	flexibility	to	
continue	improving	efficiency	through	the	internal	combustion	engine	in	
the	commercial	truck	and	off-highway	segment,	which	may	have	a	longer	
transition	to	electrification.	Another	offering	in	our	aftermarket	business,	
our	Walker	products,	also	improves	vehicle	efficiency	by	restoring	the	OE	
emissions control standards on older vehicles.
Performance
Metrics
We assess our product innovation performance through unique 
measures and metrics for each business segment that indicate 
success.	These	include	product	cost	leadership;	superior	functionality;	
advancement	of	technology;	vehicle	dynamics/integrated	systems	
expertise;	providing	noise,	vibration	and	harshness	solutions	and	
offering	leading	aftermarket	brands.
Percentage of products sold that are 
recyclable2019 2020
Percentage of products sold, by revenue, 
that are recyclable91% 91%2020
Number	of	parts	produced14,816,862,704
Area of manufacturing plants 3.34 million square meters 
1The data included here reflects the number of parts shipped, because we do not track the number of parts produced for each 
business unit.Tenneco Explores Synthetic Fuels for Climate-Neutral Mobility
In July 2021, Tenneco announced it is putting its 100-plus years of 
powertrain	expertise	in	improving	vehicle	fuel	efficiency	and	reducing	
emissions	to	work	to	explore	synthetic	fuels	(e-fuels),	a	viable	near-term	
solution	to	further	maximize	the	efficiency	and	minimize	the	carbon	
footprint of internal combustion engines (ICE). Tenneco’s Powertrain 
business	group	is	partnering	with	key	academic	and	industry	experts	to	
examine the technical possibilities and commercial feasibility of synthetic 
fuels	as	a	key	technology	to	help	the	industry	transition	to	climate-neutral	
transportation.	This	collaborative	effort	is	referred	to	as	the	NAMOSYN	
project.
Synthetic	fuels	for	passenger	vehicles,	commercial	trucks	or	even	
marine applications can play an important role in achieving a near zero 
emissions mobility, by using renewable energy sources, such as solar 
or wind power, to create a closed CO2 cycle when viewed from a holistic 
“well-to-wheel”	perspective.	A	climate-neutral	alternative	to	petroleum-
based	fuels,	they	also	offer	the	potential	for	significantly	reduced	overall	
emissions, allowing Tenneco’s Clean Air experts to better manage any 
remaining pollutants through the aftertreatment process.Synthetically produced, climate-neutral e-fuels can be used in today’s 
gasoline	and	diesel	engines	with	only	minor	modifications	for	most	
of	e-fuels	and	in	blends	with	conventional	fuels.	This	makes	them	
particularly suitable for vehicles with traditional ICE as well as alternative 
powertrains such as hybrids. Additionally, the e-fuels can be made 
available to consumers by using mostly the existing, well-developed 
fuel	distribution	and	filling	station	infrastructure	with	only	minor	
adjustments,	making	the	technology	even	more	appealing	as	a	near-
term,	fast-to-market	solution.
To read the related press release, click here.
Electric	Vehicles  
As	part	of	our	commitment	to	improving	product	efficiency	and	limiting	
our	downstream	impacts,	we	are	a	leader	in	the	market	transition	within	
the automotive industry to alternative fuels. According to the Global 
EV	Outlook	2020  provided by the International Energy Agency, the 
number of electric cars on the road has increased from 17,000 in 2010 
to 7.2 million in 2019, and this trend will continue as manufacturers and 
consumers around the world promote adoption of electric vehicles. 
We are well-positioned to align our business with this global change 
because most of our products in our Performance Solutions and 
Motorparts	business	units	are	fuel-agnostic	and	therefore	can	be	used	
on hybrid and battery electric vehicles. By contributing fuel-agnostic 
components to these vehicles, we integrate our business with this 
advancing	technology	and	continue	to	drive	improvements	in	efficiency	
across the automotive industry. 
Approximately a third of the new business 
pipeline for Performance Solutions focuses on 
battery electric vehicles or hybrids. In 2021, we 
have planned multiple launches of programs 
for	battery	electric	vehicles,	hybrids	or	bike	
programs as we facilitate advancements in the 
industry. 
In addition to fuel-agnostic products, our 
Performance Solutions business unit leverages 
knowledge	of	suspension	bushings,	subframes	
and mounts to provide reductions in noise 
and vibration. To support electric designs, 
we provide technologies that reduce harsh 
vibrations for electric vehicles, since noise 
from vehicle parts becomes more evident with 
quieter engines. Customers use these advanced 
products to build quiet electric vehicles, which 
present	different	engineering	challenges	
compared to vehicles with internal combustion 
engines.
  
of the new 
business pipeline 
for Performance 
Solutions focuses 
on electric vehicles 
 36

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Skip to:
Appendix A - Additional Performance Data
Appendix B - SASB/GRI Index
Appendix C - Stakeholder Engagement
Appendix D - Materiality AssessmentAppendix
 37

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
New employee hires and 
employee turnover2019 2020
New Hires by: #% of Total 
Employees2 #% of Total 
Employees2
RegionAsia	Pacific 1,595 11% 2,139 15%
Americas 6,150 20% 7,129 23%
EMEA 2,465 9% 1,764 6%
Other/Blank 0 0% 0 0%
GenderMale 7,324 13% 8,066 14%
Female 2,884 17% 2,966 17%
Not Declared 2 - 0 0%
Age<30 Years 4,973 39% 5,719 44%
30-50 Years 4,497 11% 4,583 11%
>50 Years 740 4% 730 4%
Turnover by3: #% of Total 
Employees4 #% of Total 
Employees4
RegionAsia	Pacific 1,996 14% 2,530 18%
Americas 6,958 23% 8,610 28%
EMEA 2,926 11% 3,340 11%
Other/Blank 0 0% 0 0%
GenderMale 8,670 15% 10,627 18%
Female 3,210 19% 3,853 23%
Age<30 Years 4,404 35% 4,770 37%
30-50 Years 5,492 14% 6,508 15%
>50 Years 1,984 10% 3,202 16%
2 Reflects the number of new hires as a percentage of total headcount in that catego ry (region, gender or age) at the end of the year.
3Employees who leave the organization voluntarily or due to dismissal, retirement, or death in service
4 Reflects the total number of employees who leave the organization as a percentage of total headcount in that category (region, gender or age) at the end of the year.Information on employees and other workers12020
Percent of total employees by employment contract (permanent and 
temporary), by genderPermanent
Male 77%
Female 23%
Temporary Undisclosed
Male Undisclosed
Female Undisclosed
Percent of total employees by employment contract (permanent and 
temporary), by regionPermanent
Asia	Pacific 19%
Americas 41%
EMEA 40%
Temporary
Asia	Pacific 16%
Americas 65%
EMEA 20%
Percent of total employees (full-time and part-time), by genderFull-time and Part-time
Male 77%
Female 23%
Whether	a	significant	portion	of	the	organization’s	activities	is	performed	
by workers who are not employees. If applicable, a description of the 
nature and scale of work performed by workers who are not employees.Tenneco does use non-employee 
workers	occasionally	to	flex	our	
manufacturing	workforce	to	meet	
non-permanent increases in customer 
demand. However, we do not see 
this	as	a	significant	portion	of	our	
workforce.
Any	significant	variations	in	the	numbers	reported	(such	as	seasonal	
variations in the tourism or agricultural industries)Tenneco does not experience 
significant	variation	in	employment	
numbers due to seasonal 
employment.
An explanation of how the data have been compiled, including any 
assumptions madeData was pulled from the Tenneco HR 
Core system. Only active and inactive 
company employees were included. 
We did not include system splits in 
termination reporting.Appendix A - Additional Performance Data
1Information combines data for full-time and part-time employees. We do not curre ntly track the global breakdown for full-time and part-time, but we continue to improve our 
reporting processes.Talent Attraction and Retention
 38

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Appendix A - Additional Performance Data
2019 - 275,518 MT CO2Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions2
2020 - 220,826 MT CO2
2019 - 1,072,030 MT CO2Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions2
2020 - 932,822 MT CO22019 - 14,429,004 GigaJoulesTotal energy consumption1
2020 - 12, 103,000 GigaJoules
1Through improved data integrity, verification sources and additional data, we have recalculated our 2019 total energy 
consumption, resulting in an increase over the previously reported total. We will use this recalculated number as the baseline for 
our 2030 reduction goals.
2The calculations for both years include CO2, CH4 and N2O.The base year is 2019, per Tenneco’s new long-term reduction 
goals. We used emissions factors from the IEA and EPA, and used global warming potential (GWP) rates from the IPCC. We used 
operational control for our consolidation approach for emissions, and we incorporated standards and methodologies from the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol and from GRI Standards. We had 6.7 Metric Tons of biogenic CO2 emissions in 2019 and 2020. Using 
improved methodologies, data integrity and emission factors, we have recalculated our 2019 Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions, 
resulting in a decrease over the previously reported total. We will use this recalculated number as the baseline for our 2030 
reduction goals.Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions Water Withdrawal
Water Withdrawal 2018 2019 2020
Total water withdrawn  
in	Megaliters9,404 9,095 7,754Contractor Safety
Through	the	controls	in	our	Contractor	EHS	Management	Process,	
contractors	in	our	workplace	follow	the	same	safety	requirements	as	our	
team members. Our contractor safety program establishes processes to 
identify	and	communicate	any	hazards	and	evaluate	and	control	risks.	
We	also	inform	contractors	of	key	regulatory	requirements	and	highlight	
Tenneco’s requirements that exceed any regulations. We continue to 
monitor safety criteria and require contractors to attend safety training 
to	maintain	compliance	with	our	procedures	for	safe	work.
Work-related 
injuries2019 2020
Team members Number Rate Number Rate
Fatalities	from	work-
related	injuriesN/A N/A 0 0
Recordable	work-
related	injuries585 0.67 394 0.54
Number	of	hours 	
worked189,123,469 146,696,397
These rates have been calculated based on 200,000 hours worked, and no workers were excluded from this 
disclosure. We used OSHA standards to compile the data. Occupational Health & Safety 
 39

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Topic Metric Code Response Omission
Energy Management1. Total energy consumed
2. Percentage grid electricity
3. Percentage renewableTR-AP-130a.1 Page 13
Waste Management1. Total amount of waste from manufacturing
2. Percentage hazardous
3. Percentage recycledTR-AP-150a.1 Page 14
Product Safety Number	of	recalls	issued,	total	units	recalled TR-AP-250a.1 Page 32
Design	for	Fuel	EfficiencyRevenue	from	products	designed	to	increase	fuel	efficiency	and/or	reduce	
emissionsTR-AP-410a.1 Page 33
Material Sourcing Description	of	the	management	of	risks	associated	with	the	use	of	critical	materials TR-AP-440a.1 Page 29
Material	EfficiencyPercentage of products sold that are recyclable TR-AP-440b.1 Page 36
Percentage of input materials from recycled or re-manufactured content TR-AP-440b.2 NAThis	information	has	not	been	tracked	in	the	past.	We	will	set	the	baseline	and	start	reporting	this	information	in	
2021.
Competitive BehaviorTotal amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with 
anti-competitive behavior regulationsTR-AP-520a.1 Page 25Appendix B - SASB/GRI Index
Below	is	Tenneco’s	response	to	the	SASB	Index,	an	industry-specific	reporting	
framework	that	allows	investors	to	more	easily	compare	ESG	performance	
across industry peers. Tenneco reports under the Auto Parts industry. The 
response	column	of	this	table	indicates	where	you	can	find	more	information	
about each topic.SASB Index
 40

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page # Omissions
GRI General Disclosures
Organizational	Profile
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 102-1:	Name	of	the	organization Tenneco Inc. N/A
102-2: Activities, brands, products, and services Tenneco Overview 8
102-3: Location of headquarters 500	North	Field	Drive
Lake	Forest,	IllinoisN/A
102-4: Location of operations Tenneco Overview 8
102-5: Ownership and legal form Tenneco	Overview;	 2020 10-K 8
102-6:	Markets	served Tenneco Overview 8
102-7: Scale of the organization Tenneco Overview 8
102-8: Information on employees and other 
workersTalent Attraction and Retention 38 Information combines data for full-time 
and part-time employees. We do not 
currently	track	the	global	breakdown	for	
full-time and part-time, but we continue 
to improve our reporting processes.
102-9: Supply chain Supply	Chain	Management 30
102-10:	Significant	changes	to	the	organization	
and its supply chainThere	were	no	significant	changes	in	2020. N/A
102-11: Precautionary Principle or approach Tenneco does not formally apply the Precautionary Principle. N/A
102-12: External initiatives Tenneco does not subscribe to external initiatives but refers to the Global Reporting Initiative and Sustainability Accounting 
Standards	Board	frameworks	for	sustainability	reporting.N/A
102-13:	Membership	of	associations Tenneco is a member of the following associations:
• Automotive Industry Action Group Board of Directors and the Supply Chain Steering Committee
• Automotive	Aftermarket	Suppliers	Association
• European	Association	of	Automotive	Suppliers	Sustainability/CSR	Expert	Group
• Original Equipment Suppliers AssociationN/A
Strategy
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 102-14:	Statement	from	senior	decision-maker CEO Letter 3
Ethics and Integrity
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 102-16: Values, principles, standards and norms 
of behaviorTenneco Values 9
102-17:	Mechanisms	for	advice	and	concerns	
about ethicsEthics and Compliance 24
Governance
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 102-18: Governance structure Corporate Governance 23
102-20: Executive-level responsibility for 
economic, environmental, and social topicsCorporate Governance 23
102-21:	Consulting	stakeholders	on	economic,	
environmental, and social topicsCorporate Governance 23
102-30:	Effectiveness	of	risk	management	
processesCorporate Governance 23
102-32: Highest governance body’s role in 
sustainability reportingCorporate Governance 23GRI Content IndexAppendix B - SASB/GRI Index
 41

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page # Omissions
Stakeholder Engagement
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 102-40:	List	of	stakeholder	groups Appendix C 45
102-41: Collective bargaining agreements Labor Relations 20
102-42:	Identifying	stakeholders Our Sustainability Journey 5
102-43:	Approach	to	stakeholder	engagement Our Sustainability Journey 5
102-44: Key topics and concerns raised Our	Sustainability	Journey;	Appendix	C 5, 45
Reporting Practices
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 102-45: Entities included in consolidated 
financial	statementsTenneco	Overview;	 2020 10-K 8
102-46:	Defining	report	content	and	topic	
BoundariesOur Sustainability Journey 5-6
102-47: List of material topics Appendix D 46
102-48: Restatements of information Information from past reports has been restated in this report due to improvements in data availability and calculation 
methodologies. Any changes are noted throughout the report.13
102-49: Changes in reporting Tenneco	performed	a	materiality	assessment	and	developed	a	sustainability	strategy	in	2020,	both	of	which	influenced	the	
content of this report.5-6
102-50: Reporting period The report covers our performance from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, unless otherwise stated. 1
102-51: Date of most recent report About This Report 2
102-52: Reporting cycle About This Report 2
102-53: Contact point for questions regarding 
the reportAbout This Report 2
102-54: Claims of reporting in accordance with 
the GRI StandardsAbout This Report 2
102-55: GRI Content Index GRI Content Index 41
102-56: External assurance This report has not been externally assured. N/A
GRI General Disclosures
Anti-corruption
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryEthics and Compliance 24
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Ethics and Compliance 24
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Ethics and Compliance 25
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016 205	-	1:	Operations	assessed	for	risks	related	to	
corruptionEthics and Compliance 25
Anti-competitive Behavior
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryEthics and Compliance 24
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Ethics and Compliance 24
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Ethics and Compliance 25
Energy
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryEnergy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions 13
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions 13
 42

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page # Omissions
Energy
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 302-4: Reduction of energy consumption Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions 13 Due to the global pandemic, production 
levels at our facilities around the 
world were impacted, lowering our 
energy demand. Our 2020 energy 
reduction	metrics	do	not	reflect	normal	
operations;	we	were	unable	to	isolate	
reductions	from	energy	efficiency	
projects.	We	are	working	to	improve	
our data collection process and plan to 
report on our progress in future reports.
Emissions 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryEnergy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions 13
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions 13
103-3:  Evaluation of the management 
approachEnergy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions 13
GRI 305: Emissions 2016 305-1: Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions 39
305-2: Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions 39
Supplier Environmental Assessment
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryResponsible Sourcing 27
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Responsible Sourcing 27
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Responsible Sourcing 27
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 308-1:	New	suppliers	that	were	screened	using	
environmental criteriaResponsible Sourcing 27
Employment
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryTalent Attraction and Retention 17-18
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Talent Attraction and Retention 17-18
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Talent Attraction and Retention 17
GRI 401: Employment 2016 401-1:	New	employee	hires	and	employee	
turnoverAppendix A 38
Labor/Management Relations
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryLabor Relations 20
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Labor Relations 20
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Labor Relations 20
GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations 
2016402-1:	Minimum	notice	periods	regarding	
operational changesLabor Relations 20 Notice	periods	vary	regionally.	Tenneco	
follows all local regulations for minimum 
notice	periods.	For	example,	the	
minimum notice period for plant closure 
or	significant	reduction	is	60	days	of	
notice	per	the	Worker	Adjustment	and	
Retraining	Notification	Act	(WARN)	Act	in	
the U.S.13
 43

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page # Omissions
Occupational Health and Safety
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryOccupational Health and Safety 16
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Occupational Health and Safety 16
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Occupational Health and Safety 16
GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations 
2016403-1: Occupational health and safety 
management systemOccupational Health and Safety 16
403-2:		Hazard	identification,	risk	assessment,	
and incident investigationOccupational Health and Safety 16
403-3: Occupational health services Occupational Health and Safety 16
403-4:	Worker	participation,	consultation,	and	
communication on occupational health and 
safetyOccupational Health and Safety 16
403-5:	Worker	training	on	occupational	health	
and safetyOccupational Health and Safety 16
403-6:	Promotion	of	worker	health Responding to COVID-19 11
403-7: Prevention and mitigation of 
occupational health and safety impacts directly 
linked	by	business	relationshipsN/A Information is currently unavailable. 
Tenneco	will	evaluate	impacts	linked	by	
business relationships in the future. 
403-9:	Work-related	injuries Occupational Health and Safety 16 Tenneco continues to improve reporting 
processes	and	will	work	to	separately	
collect contractor data and record high-
consequence	injuries.	
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryInclusion, Diversity and Equity 19
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Inclusion, Diversity and Equity 19
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Inclusion, Diversity and Equity 19
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity 2016405-1: Diversity of governance bodies and 
employeesInclusion,	Diversity	and	Equity;	Corporate	Governance 19, 23
Supplier Social Assessment
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryResponsible Sourcing 27
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Responsible Sourcing 27
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Responsible Sourcing 27
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity 2016414-1:	New	suppliers	that	were	screened	using	
social criteriaResponsible Sourcing 27-28
Customer Health and Safety
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryProduct Safety and Quality 32
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Product Safety and Quality 32
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Product Safety and Quality 32
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity 2016416-2: Incidents of non-compliance concerning 
the health and safety impacts of products and 
servicesProduct Safety and Quality 32
 44

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page # Omissions
Corporate Governance (Non-GRI Topic)
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryCorporate Governance 23
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Corporate Governance 23
Corporate Governance (Non-GRI Topic)
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Corporate Governance 23
Self-Selected Metric Diversity of governance bodies See GRI 405-1 23
Product	Efficiency	(Non-GRI	Topic)
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryProduct	Efficiency 33
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Product	Efficiency 33
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Product	Efficiency 34
Self-Selected Metric Total revenue from products designed 
to	increase	fuel	efficiency	and/or	reduce	
emissions during their use phaseProduct	Efficiency 34
Product Innovation (Non-GRI Topic)
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its 
BoundaryProduct Innovation 35
103-2: The management approach and its 
components Product Innovation 35
103-3: Evaluation of the management approach Product Innovation 36
Self-Selected Metric Percentage of products sold that are recyclable Product Innovation 36
Additional Indicators
Customer Privacy
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 418-1: Substantiated complaints concerning 
breaches of customer privacy and losses of 
customer dataCybersecurity and Data Privacy 26
 45

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Stakeholder How We Engage Key Topics of Importance
Team 
Members• Hold town hall and team member meetings, global webcasts, picnics and special events, training and development, and recognition programs 
annually 
• Participate at annual Euroforum
• Host Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability Council meetings quarterly
• Update	Enterprise	Risk	Management	annually		
• Perform team member engagement surveys at least every two years• Business performance 
• Inclusion, Diversity and Equity
• Safety
• Training and development
Customers• Participate	in	Ford’s	Partnership	for	a	Cleaner	Environment	program	annually
• Host customer technology days and step-level meeting with customers annually
• Participate	in	customer	Sustainability	initiatives,	e.g.,	BMW	Sustainability	Training	for	Suppliers,	Scania	Sustainability	Supplier	Day	annually
• Participate	in	Automotive	REACH	Task	Force	annually• Customer service
• Management	of	restricted	substances
• Product safety 
• Product quality
• Sustainability-related	risks	and	opportunities	
Investors• Hold annual shareholder meeting
• Host	quarterly	webcasts	to	discuss	financial	results
• Participate in global investor and industry conferences throughout the year
• Submit	quarter/annual	and	other	SEC	filings• Business performance 
• Corporate governance
• Executive compensation
• Regulatory	risks
• Sustainability-related	risks	and	opportunities	
Communities• Provide site visits and plant tours
• Partner with local charitable organizations and schools
• Support annual charitable fundraising campaigns• Air quality 
• Business performance 
• Corporate giving 
• Corporate taxes
• Local employment
• Safety
Suppliers• Participate in Automotive Industry Action Group 
• Maintain	Supplier	Diversity	Program	annually
• Perform supplier audits 
• Complete screenings on new suppliers• Business performance
• Conflict	Minerals
• Supplier growth
• Supplier diversity
• Waste management
Government 
and Regulatory 
Agencies• Engage with the Environmental Protection Agency on emissions reduction strategies on an ongoing basis • Air quality 
• Compliance 
• Greenhouse gas emissions
• Public health and safety
Trade 
Associations• Sit on the Automotive Industry Action Group Board of Directors and the Supply Chain Steering Committee
• Participate	in	the	Automotive	Aftermarket	Suppliers	Association	quarterly	meetings	
• Participate	in	the	European	Association	of	Automotive	Suppliers	Sustainability/CSR	Expert	Group	quarterly	meetings• Public policy 
• Product quality 
• Product safety 
• Supply chain management 
• TransparencyAppendix C - Stakeholder Engagement
The	table	below	summarizes	our	engagement	activities	with	key	stakeholders,	
including the frequency of our engagements and the relevant topics. 
 46

Contents 2020 Highlights Our Sustainability Journey Our Company Our People Our Planet Our Products SASB/GRI Index Our Governance
Tenneco Inc. | 2020 Sustainability Report
Appendix D - Materiality Assessment
Performance
MetricsContractor Safety
Our materiality assessment enables strategic focus on issues where 
we	have	the	greatest	risks,	opportunities	and	impacts.	In	addition	to	
monitoring all topics, we prioritize transparency for material topics 
throughout this report because of their high importance to the business 
and	to	stakeholders.	
We consider climate change to be integrated throughout the list of 
material topics because we target our climate-related impacts through 
multiple topics, including energy and greenhouse gas emissions and 
product	efficiency.	We	target	reductions	through	our	own	actions	and	
through the use of our products.  Material Topics Important Topics
Corporate governance Air quality
Energy and greenhouse gas 
emissionsCircular economy
Ethics and compliance Climate change
Inclusion, Diversity and Equity Communication	and	marketing
Labor relations Community involvement
Occupational health safety Conflict	materials
Product	efficiency Consumer demand
Product innovation Cybersecurity and data privacy
Product safety and quality Economic development
Responsible sourcing Human rights
Talent attraction and retention Operational waste
Supply chain management
Talent development
Water
 47

www.tenneco.com